===== 2024 Q4  (2025-03-04 16:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2023 Form 10-K and fiscal 2024 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Connie Kao, Group Vice President of Investor Relations.
Connie Kao: Thank you, John, and thank you, everyone for joining our fourth quarter earnings call today. I have the great pleasure of introducing Jim Conroy, our newly appointed Chief Executive Officer, who joined us in December. Jim?
Jim Conroy: Thank you, Connie, and good afternoon. Also joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President and Chief Operating Officer; and Adam Orvos, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to begin my remarks by expressing my appreciation to my predecessor, Barbara Rentler. Our two-month overlap was an invaluable transition period for me as I was able to immerse myself in the company. while Barbara led the day-to-day operations of the business. I am grateful she will continue to serve as a Strategic Adviser, and I look forward to building on the foundation that she has created and the company's long history of success. Now let's turn to the fourth quarter results. As noted in today's press release, fourth quarter sales and earnings results were at the high end of our expectations. Sales were driven by our customers' positive responses to the improved assortments of quality branded bargains, coupled with strong execution by the store and supply chain teams during the critical holiday selling season. Earnings per share for the 13-weeks ended February 1, 2025, were $1.79 compared with $1.82 per share for the 14-weeks ended February 3, 2024. Net income for the period was $587 million versus $610 million last year. Sales for the fourth quarter of 2024 were $5.9 billion with a comparable store sales gain of 3% on top of a robust 7% gain in the same period last year. For the 2024 fiscal year, earnings per share were $6.32, up from $5.56 for the 53-weeks ended February 3, 2024. Net income for fiscal 2024 rose to $2.1 billion compared to $1.9 billion last year. Total sales for the year increased to $21.1 billion, up from $20.4 billion in the prior year period. Comparable store sales for the 52-weeks ended February 1, 2025, grew 3% versus a 5% gain in fiscal 2023. Both the fourth quarter and full year results included a onetime benefit to earnings equivalent to approximately $0.14 per share related to the sale of a packaway facility. Additionally, as a reminder, prior year sales and earnings results for the 2023 fourth quarter and fiscal year included approximately $308 million in sales and a $0.20 earnings per share benefit from the 53rd-week. Fourth quarter operating margin of 12.4% was flat to last year as the gain from the sale of the packaway facility was offset by planned declines in merchandise margin and unfavorable timing of packaway-related costs. The sale of the facility contributed about 105 basis points to this year's fourth quarter operating margin, while the 53rd week benefited the prior year's period by about 80 basis points. Let's turn now to additional details on our fourth quarter results. For the holiday selling season, cosmetics and children's were the best-performing merchandise areas while geographically, the Pacific Northwest and Texas were the strongest regions. Similar to the prior quarter, DD's discounts posted healthy sales gains as the chain's value and fashion offerings resonated with shoppers. We are especially encouraged by the ongoing improved performance of DVs in our newer markets and expect to begin rebuilding our pipeline there for expanded growth in the near future. At the end of the year, consolidated inventories were up 12%, mainly due to higher planned packaway levels. On an average store basis, inventories were up 2%. Packaway represented 41% of total inventories compared to 40% last year. Regarding our store expansion program. We added 75 new Ross Dress for Less stores and 14 dd’s DISCOUNTS during the year. Inclusive of 12 closures, we ended the year with 2,186 stores including 1,831 Ross Dress for Less and 355 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. As noted in today's release, during the recently completed fourth quarter, 1.7 million shares were repurchased for a total price of $262 million. For fiscal 2024, a total of 7.3 million shares of common stock were repurchased for an aggregate purchase price of $1.05 billion. These purchases were made pursuant to the two-year $2.1 billion program announced in March 2024. We expect to complete the $1.05 billion remaining under this authorization in fiscal 2025. Our Board also recently approved a 10% increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $0.405 per share to be payable on March 31, 2025, to stockholders of record as of March 18, 2025. We ended the year with $4.7 billion of cash after funding the growth and capital needs of our business. As a result, our ongoing share buyback and increased dividend programs reflect our long-standing commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders. Now Adam will provide further details on our fourth quarter results and additional color on our outlook for fiscal 2025.
Adam Orvos: Thank you, Jim. As previously mentioned, comparable store sales rose 3% for the quarter, generated by both higher traffic and average size of the basket. Fourth quarter operating margin of 12.4% and was flat to last year and included a 105 basis point benefit from the facility sale. Cost of goods sold deleveraged by 80 basis points in the quarter. Merchandise margin declined by 85 basis points as planned due to the increased mix of quality branded assortments. Occupancy deleveraged by 45 basis points, as we anniversaried the extra week last year. Distribution costs were flat as unfavorable timing of packaway-related costs offset improved productivity. Domestic freight leveraged by 30 basis points, while buying improved by 20 basis points, mainly due to lower incentives. SG&A for the period leveraged by 80 basis points, primarily due to the facility sale. Now let's discuss our outlook for fiscal 2025, starting with the first quarter. While we were pleased with our 2024 results, including the holiday selling period, sales trends began softening later in January and into February. We believe that a combination of unseasonable weather and heightened volatility in the macroeconomic and geopolitical environment has negatively impacted customer traffic. Given the lack of visibility we have on these external factors, we believe it is prudent to take a cautious approach in forecasting our business, especially as we start the year. As a result, we expect comparable store sales for the 13 weeks ending May 3, 2025, to be down 3% to flat and earnings per share of $1.33 to $1.47 versus $1.46 last year. The operating statement assumptions that support our first quarter guidance include the following: Total sales are planned to be down 1% to up 3% versus last year's first quarter. This same-store sales perform in-line with our plan, operating margin for the first quarter is expected to be in the range of 11.4% to 12.1% compared to 12.2% last year. The expected decrease mainly reflects our forecast for sales deleverage and unfavorable timing of packaway-related costs. Merchandise margin is also expected to be down slightly in the first quarter. We plan to add 19 new stores consisting of 16 Ross and 3 dd's DISCOUNTS during the period. Net interest income is estimated to be $35 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 24% to 25% and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are forecast to be about $328 million. Turning to our full year guidance assumptions for 2025. For the 52 weeks ending January 31, 2026, and while we hope to do better, we are planning same-store sales to be down 1% to up 2%. Based on these assumptions, fiscal 2025 earnings per share are projected to be $5.95 to $6.55 compared to $6.32 for fiscal 2024. As previously mentioned, last year's results included a per share benefit of $0.14 from the facility sale. Total sales are planned to be up 1% to up 5% for the year. If same-store sales perform in-line with our plan, operating margin for the full year is expected to be in the range of 11.5% to 12.2% compared to 12.2% in 2024, which benefited by 30 basis points from the facility sale. Excluding this one-time gain, our operating margin forecast reflects sales deleverage and higher distribution costs, as well as lower incentive compensation expenses as we anniversary higher incentive costs in 2024. In addition, we expect merchandise margin to be relatively neutral for fiscal 2025. For 2025, we expect to open approximately 90 new locations comprised of about 80 Ross and 10 DDs. These openings do not include our plans to close or relocate about 10 to 15 older stores. Net interest income is estimated to be $127 million. Depreciation and amortization expense inclusive of stock-based amortization are forecasted to be about $690 million for the year. The tax rate is projected to be about 24% to 25% and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are expected to be around $325 million. In addition, capital expenditures for 2025 are planned to be approximately $855 million as we make further investments in our stores, supply chain and merchant processes to support our long-term growth and to increase efficiencies throughout the business. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for closing comments.
Jim Conroy: Thank you, Adam. As Adam mentioned, we have seen softer business as we transitioned out of the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. While there are always opportunities for us to improve our execution, we believe the softness we are currently seeing is primarily due to macro pressures, impacting consumer confidence, resulting in a pullback in discretionary spending. That said, we believe that some of the recent challenges we are seeing could be transitory in nature. Additionally, we anticipate that the volatile external environment will result in more opportunities for closeout merchandise and could set us up well to deliver even greater values on branded goods in future quarters. Turning to the broader business. As I reflect on my observations over the past few months, I believe that the brand and merchandising strategies that we have in place for both Ross and dd's are the right ones, and I do not foresee making significant changes to those strategies in the near future. In addition, we have a flexible business model that positions us well to navigate through the current uncertainty, and we will continue to focus on the strong execution of our key initiatives In closing, I would like to thank the more than 100,000 associates throughout the company for their hard work and dedication and for delivering such solid fourth quarter and annual results in 2024. At this point, we would like to open the call and respond to any questions that you may have.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Boss : Great. Thanks. And welcome back, Jim.
Jim Conroy: Thank you.
Matthew Boss : So Jim, maybe could you elaborate on your top strategic priorities. Any areas that you believe may require any level of structural change relative to opportunities you see to amplify market share in the near to intermediate term? And just on that near-term, Jim, and I know how much you like to get into the details. Could you speak to trends maybe that you've seen in parts of the country with less weather impact or initiatives in place to drive comp improvement as the year progresses?
Jim Conroy : Sure. On the first piece, I've inherited a brand strategy for Ross and a sort of analogous customer strategy for dd's and while I've only had about three months to sort of evaluate it, they've all been extremely sound and very much worth continuing to pursue. So my focus early on really is to learn the off-price model, get immersed in the business. And as I think about ongoing changes, they will be more sort of evolutionary in nature and nothing sort of abrupt or a hard left turn or a hard right turn. That said, when I evaluate the company, I think from a merchandising standpoint, it is second to none world-class merchandising team the stores organization is extremely efficient and operationally very sound. We probably have some opportunity to enhance our store environment and shopping experience. And then from a marketing standpoint, I'd say it's probably the least developed muscle and least invested in part of the business. So probably some opportunity to put the brand on a pedestal a bit more and to amplify our messaging in the marketplace to some degree. But I would expect sort of continuing on of the overarching strategies for the two brands. In terms of the more color commentary across the country in different parts of the business, for the quarter, we had just really nice broad-based strength, both geographically and across merchandise categories. Some categories were standout winners, called out childrens and cosmetics. But virtually all businesses in nearly all geographies were also pretty strong. And I think that probably covers both of your questions, Matt, did I miss anything?
Matthew Boss : Just maybe on the quarter-to-date, anything in areas of the country where the weather has been more conducive and just to give maybe some confidence on what you're seeing that's more transitory relative to potentially anything that's changed?
Jim Conroy : Yes. Certainly, the weather-impacted areas saw more of a decline in business. That said, we did see an inflection point down as we got into February, that seemed to get sequentially better throughout the month. Part of that, we believe is consumer confidence. Part of that, we believe, is weather induced, both of which we think will be sort of a transitory shock to the system that created a bit of a pause for the consumer, and we have seen them already start to re-engage. So as you can imagine, we embedded in our guidance is the business that's behind us and what we expect to see for the balance of the quarter.
Matthew Boss: Great color. Best of luck. Welcome back.
Jim Conroy: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Lejuez : Hi, thanks Jim, welcome. Can you talk a little bit about the go deeper into state performance or regional performance in 4Q and in which regions or states drove the slowdown that you saw thus far in February? And also curious if there's any evidence that new immigration policies might be hurting sales in some way?
Michael Hartshorn : It's Michael. In the quarter, as we said in the commentary, the Pacific Northwest and Texas were the top performing regions for other larger markets California and Florida were relatively in-line with the chain. Your second question, I assume was on immigration policy. What I'd say is we serve a very broad segment of the population. From an ethnic perspective, as you know, we over-indexed to the Hispanic customer versus the general population. We'll have to wait and see how the macroeconomic environment. And as you say, the immigration policy impacts this important customer for us longer-term. As Jim said, we believe the initial stock value of the recent policy actions could dissipate over time, while we continue to provide great values and support the communities we serve.
Paul Lejuez : And then just one follow-up. As you think about the comp guidance for F '25, how are you thinking about traffic versus transactions? And maybe just, again back to the slowdown, is that a transaction or average ticket sort of slowdown?
Michael Hartshorn : We don't plan the business on traffic or transactions. What's happened over the past couple of years is the comp has been driven by both. What we've seen recently is more traffic related, which points to some of the external volatility that everyone is seeing.
Paul Lejuez : Thank you good luck.
Jim Conroy: Thanks Paul.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Altschwager: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Just first, with respect to the guide, I believe you said merchandise margins are expected to be relatively neutral for the year. What's the takeaway there just with respect to the merchandising strategy and striking the right balance of value in the assortment? Is that still an area of investment and headwind offset by other factors? And then separately, just any comments on changes you're seeing in the buying environment post-holiday? Wondering if this consumer choppiness to start the year is yielding some better buying opportunities. Thank you.
Adam Orvos : Mark, on the first piece, this is Adam. On merchandise margin, I think we voiced throughout 2024, that was kind of our investment year, right, where we kind of wanted to change the penetration of our branded goods. And we feel like we accomplished that by year-end. I think 2025 is going to be about learning, listening to what the customer is telling us and we'll certainly react accordingly. But that's why we feel like merchandise margin this year, we're kind of giving that neutral guide, and that's what's embedded for the year.
Michael Hartshorn : In just the first quarter, we did build some impact of the tariffs that we know thus far, which are the goods in transit when the initial tariffs were announced. Beyond that, we haven't included any impact, but merchant margin is relatively neutral for the year in our guidance.
Jim Conroy : This is Jim. On the second part of your question, relative to, are we starting to see more closeout opportunities. Absolutely, as we've seen some softness across mainstream retailers, some more store closures and just sort of a disrupted supply chain. We're being very opportunistic in picking up these opportunities for closeout product. And we think that bodes-well for adding some more excitement to the stores going forward and for buying margin accretive goods going forward. In this sort of off-price industry that we're in, we tend to benefit from sort of a dislocation of the overarching retail market.
Mark Altschwager: That’s great. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. Jim, when I hear words like enhancing the store environment and developing the marketing muscle, I see dollar signs. Do you foresee a step-up in investment in the store fleet and marketing expense? Or do you think that you can accomplish this under the confines of the existing margin structure?
Jim Conroy: At first, I thought your dollar signs were enhanced comp sales dollars -- more about the expense side. Yes, of course, we need to be sort of prudent and responsible with that. And I think we can either do it from a cost neutral standpoint or we would need to be able to prove sort of an ROI on any additional spending. So it's very early days to kind of get ahead of myself as to what we'll be doing differently. But I could -- I would expect that we'll find some dollars to invest in both of those areas over time. And soon, the company has been investing in upgrading the fleet over the last few years as well. I think we'll be continuing that going forward and perhaps trying to scrape some dollars together to enhance our marketing program a bit.
Lorraine Hutchinson : Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Michael Binetti: Hi guys. Jim, nice to meet you. Welcome to Ross. And congrats on moving on to next adventure. Could you -- I guess as we look at kind of take out your first quarter guidance, it looks like second quarter through fourth quarter same-store sales allows for comps to be flatter, maybe just a touch negative in the back 9% of the year. Could you just help us say about what you're baking in at the low end versus the high end, which is, I think, closer to 2.5% or 3% on as you think through the scenarios for the back half of the year? And then, Adam, any -- are there any -- as we think about the merchandise margin being neutral for the year, does that include an opportunity for you to be leveraging the better brand strategy by the second half of the year? Or is that -- do you think the second half of the year is still in listen-and-learn mode.
Michael Hartshorn : Michael, on the comp trends for the year, obviously, we guided -- we would typically come out with 2% to 3% comp. Obviously, we lowered the guidance based on what we saw very earlier in the year and widen the guidance. So the variance between the first quarter and the rest of the year, we have comps fairly neutral through Q2, Q3 and Q4 to get to the down 1 to plus 2.
Adam Orvos : Yes, Michael, this is Adam. On the second piece on the merch margin, right? There's a lot of moving parts. We thought entering the branded strategy that over time, we'd be buying better, right, as we become more important to those brands, and we cultivate new, but expanded relationships. So that's a piece of it. Obviously doing a lot of work on tariffs. We've talked about that and then shrinks another variable. We are kind of guiding that flattish this year external environment still feel like is very tough, but felt like the actions that we continue to take, but also stepped up at the end of last year. We think we'll make that a prudent guide for the year. So those are kind of the puts and takes of how we think about merchandise margin in the balance of the year.
Michael Binetti: Did I miss it, did you give shrink for fourth quarter and into 2024?
Michael Hartshorn : On shrink, we actually take our physical inventory in the third quarter, and we trued it up then. Yes, it didn't change our forecast. We ended relatively flat to 2023.
Michael Binetti: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Brooke Roach: Good afternoon and thank you for taking our question. I was hoping you could dig into the performance of dd's DISCOUNTS. It sounds like you're seeing some good results there, such that you are willing to rebuild the pipeline of store growth in the future. Is dd seeing the same slowdown that the rest of Ross stores is seeing? And how would you describe demographic changes as we've entered 1Q to date? What drives your confidence in DD on a go-forward basis?
Michael Hartshorn : Sure. Brooke, dd's posted healthy sales gains that were above Ross, not only for Q4, but throughout 2024. And we feel really good about the fashion and value offerings that we've been able to upgrade at DD. It is resonating very well with the customers. We're especially encouraged -- if you recall, we slowed down or stopped our real estate program in newer markets. And we are encouraged by the ongoing improved performance, which has been ongoing for a little over a year now. And we are going to start rebuilding that pipeline for expanded growth in the near future, although it does take some time to get the pipeline started again. And I suspect you'll see increased growth into '26. Though performing well, dd saw a similar change in trend as Ross in January, February time frame.
Brooke Roach: Great. Thank so much. Best of luck, going forward.
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. Please proceed with your question.
Chuck Grom: Hi good morning – good afternoon. Thanks. Still pretty early in earnings here, but one takeaway is that inventory levels appear much heavier say a target today. I guess how are you thinking about that from a potential headwind on the promotional front if we see more aggressive promotions later in the quarter? And then on category performance in the quarter, can you just double-click on apparel and footwear in addition to cosmetics and beauty, it sounds like generally, things were good, but can you just double-click on that? Thanks.
Michael Hartshorn : On inventory levels, we actually feel good about the levels that we are currently at. We ended the year with average store inventory is up about 2%. We had planned our packaway higher versus last year because we -- last year at this time, we used the packaway merchandise to fuel a robust 7% gain in the fourth quarter. So the increase at the end of the year was planned against last year.
Jim Conroy : And in terms of merchandise classifications, Overall, non-apparel businesses did better than apparel and footwear. We talked about the strength in children the footwear business was comp eroding for us for the fourth quarter.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Alexandra Straton: Perfect. Thanks so much. Can you just go through what guidance assumes as it relates to freight. It just seems like that might be a source of pressure for all off-pricers this year? And then separately, the supply chain and merchant processes focus, you highlighted within the CapEx guide. Can you just elaborate on what you are doing there exactly? Or if there are any changes relative to 2024? Thanks so much.
Michael Hartshorn : On freight, we typically -- our freight contracts are May, June time frame. So during the first part of the year, we are still operating under the current contracts. That said, we currently expect domestic freight to be a headwind in Q1 and the full year. Obviously, that's based on fuel and what happens with fuel over the year. And right now, it's favorable versus last year, but that could change. On the ocean freight, that market has changed pretty dramatically in the last six months. There was a lot of buildup in congestion. Spot rates were very high. That has since come down. So we'll wait and see how our contract renewal happens in May.
Adam Orvos : And Alex, I think the second part of your question was on CapEx. What we guided to was $855 million for 2025. Most of that step-up from 2024 is in supply chain. So we will open our eighth facility this year, but the costs are really driven by our ninth facility, which will open up 2 to 3 years from now, but do most of that construction in 2025.
Alexandra Straton: And then on that piece of the merchant processes, what exactly are you guys changing there or, I guess, investing in there?
Michael Hartshorn : Most of the investments that are happening in the merchant organization is around really two things: the upfront process we are putting in new tools for the merchants that will make it much easier from purchase order to completion of buy, and we are also investing in enterprise-wide data that will allow the entire organization, but most specifically the merchants to have a better view of the business at any point in time.
Alexandra Straton : Great. Thank so much.
Jim Conroy : Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Adrienne Yih with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Adrienne Yih: Thank you very much. I'm going to go back to -- I think you mentioned doing work on the tariffs. Can you remind us what your so direct sourcing exposures, I know it is pretty de minimis from China, Canada and Mexico. And then how are you handling or how did you handle in the last tariff cycle, kind of negotiating power. It would seem that you can certainly push back more so than other business models. And then my follow-up question is on the branded product, given that the merch margins are flat, are we anniversary-ing the penetration of branded? And are you seeing ATV higher driven by the new branded product? Thank you.
Michael Hartshorn : On the tariff -- we don't disclose the actual percentage of the direct tariff, but it is a small portion of our business. Obviously, we're continuing to monitor the day-to-day changes in the tariff policy. Mexico and Canada are very small portion very de minimis part of our overall business. Clearly, our focus will be maintaining the price umbrella versus traditional retailer and offer the best values to the customer. We certainly wouldn't be on the forefront of raising prices. For us, disruptions like this, as Jim mentioned, could be beneficial to off-price and as there'll be more closeout opportunities down the road.
Adam Orvos : And I think, Adrienne, on the branded question in terms of mix of assortment, we feel like -- we are at that inflection point, and now will anniversary last year on that. Your question about AUR also, again, as Michael said, we don't plan the business that way going forward. But looking back in fourth quarter, we did have a slight increase in AUR just how the business mixed out with some of those better branded goods as part of the assortment.
Adrienne Yih: Great. Thank you so much. Best of luck.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Aneesha Sherman with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Aneesha Sherman: Thank you so much. Jim, I want to ask your view about the store opening strategy, as you talked about earlier in the call, some of your competitors are talking about moving into more rural areas, moving into different size boxes, smaller urban boxes, do you see opportunities for different store formats for your Ross and DD’s? And for the stores that have opened in newer states like Michigan, like New York the last couple of years, can you comment on the performance of those -- and I also have a quick follow-up on Adrienne question on the branded strategy. Are you seeing an inflection in comp related to that strategy as part of what you had planned? Are you seeing an actual uptick in comp on some of these categories in divisions where you've upped the brandedness in the category? Thank you.
Michael Hartshorn : Aneesha, I'll walk through the real estate strategy. We have -- we believe we have plenty of growth with the existing concept. DD's 18,000 to 20,000 square foot stores. Ross is 23,000 to 25,000 square foot footprint. We see the real estate landscape. We have a healthy pipeline while there's high volume -- not a high volume of new development, we continue to see store closures from bankruptcies or downsizing of existing store fleets that we've been able to take advantage of. As you mentioned, about 30% of our openings are in newer markets. I think it's too early to talk about New York and Michigan. We're pleased with the results thus far. -- overall, though, over the portfolio, our new store productivity has not changed. It was 60% to 65% of an average store last year, and we expect it to be about that level in 2025.
Jim Conroy : And on the second piece of your question on the branded strategy. We feel good about the branded strategy, right? We just delivered -- I'd say we -- I just showed up, but the company just delivered four consecutive quarters of positive comps driven by both traffic and basket size. The branded strategy, while perhaps it's a little bit more important in certain categories, was really a store-wide strategy. So to see the whole company perform well and have that performance be across merchandise categories and again, traffic and ticket. In terms of specific categories. We have seen some nice sequential improvement in the – [ladies] (ph) business from the third quarter into the fourth quarter. And the fourth quarter is really the first time we had hit the percentage of our business targets that we wanted to hit from a branding standpoint. So overall, I think it's a solid strategy. I think we are executing pretty well. Certainly, we have opportunities to improve it and tweak it going forward. And the team is working on that now. But I think it's starting to pay some nice dividends.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Irwin Boruchow: Hi, good afternoon. Nice to meet you, Jim. I think, Michael, I have a clarification and then a question for you. The clarification is, I think you said in one of your answers, fuel is favorable to last year, but a headwind to 1Q and fiscal year margin. Did you mean tailwind? Or am I not -- did not follow that correctly?
Michael Hartshorn : It should have been tailwind.
Irwin Boruchow: Tailwind. Okay. Great. And then, Michael, I'll be the fourth person to try to get this question into you. But I guess when you look at the business, the slowdown that you're seeing quarter-to-date, clearly dynamic environment. But how much of the slowdown would you weather-related versus potentially something in the customer demographic? Or just more directly, have you seen any notable softness in the Hispanic consumer [quarterday] (ph). I know you have to wait to see more and get more information, but I know you guys probably have data and looked at the store base on ZIP code. So I just know that we get asked that question a lot. I'm curious if you have anything to share.
Michael Hartshorn : Ike, you know from history, we don’t love talking about inter-quarter trends. I will say, though, at this time of year, it is extremely difficult to parse out specific impacts of weather versus tax refunds. Tax refunds this year have caught up. But early on, they were delayed by half a week over week. So and then also trying to parse out external factors. So we did see, as Jim said, as weather improved. We did see an improvement in the trend. So we’ll have to wait to see all the way through the first quarter to understand the real impact of each of those.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with The Retail Tracker. Please procced with question.
Marni Shapiro: Hi guys. Congrats on the great quarter and I thought for a minute between our Jim U.S. CEO and our new CFO, we almost didn't have any mics on a Ross Stores conference call. In my decades of following you guys, there's always been a mic. No, you can't leave. I think isn't it in the board somewhere the Board packet there has to be a mic involved. So can you just touch a little bit back onto the advertising question because Ross has never been a big advertising company. Is it a shift to invest more there? Or how advertise, would you consider loyalty programs? Are you thinking about social media. You have a somewhat decent following at least on Instagram. Just kind of curious what your thoughts are around the marketing.
Jim Conroy : Sure. I think it's a little early to give some real specifics there. We probably have the ability to invest some more money there. And we probably – an ability to sort of perfect our messaging a little I guess what I'd ask is just some patients, as I get my arms around the team, we onboard a new ad agency, et cetera, we'll be able to share a little bit more about our plans as we go forward throughout the year.
Marni Shapiro: Fair enough. And can you guys quantify at all any impact from the fires in L.A. to your business? And have you seen it rebound since then?
A – Michael Hartshorn : Overall, obviously, we saw an impact when it happened and it impacted our consumers, our associates is very devastating, but minimal impact to the quarter, and we have seen it rebound since.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of John Kernan with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
John Kernan: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Welcome, Jim. I think just -- you've been asked this question on a lot of calls, but I guess looking back at the margin structure of the business pre-COVID, whatever time period you want to look at, to now the biggest difference is the SG&A rate has risen. Where do you see opportunities to potentially leverage SG&A going forward? Obviously, there's a certain level of comps that would generate that, but are there specific expenses and line items within SG&A that you see under your control that you could bring down as a percent of sales over time?
Michael Hartshorn : The change -- I'll be the historic here. The change between pre-covid and post-COVID in SG&A is primarily store-related costs driven by minimum wage increases. We're continuously looking for opportunities to be more efficient in the store without impacting the customer experience, but going forward, the leverage point for SG&A is about a 3% comp every year.
John Kernan: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey with the Telsey Advisory Group. Please procced with your question.
Dana Telsey: Hi good afternoon everyone. Welcome, Jim. Jim, as you think about your time and accomplishments at Boot Barn what -- from those accomplishments there in that chain, what do you bring to Ross stores that you think can be impactful to the business model given it is a different merchandising and buying strategy? And then just a quick follow-up.
Jim Conroy : Sure. No, there's a lot of differences. Certainly, the off-price buying model is completely different than what I'm used to. There are some similarities, right? Our core customer is roughly the same income, roughly the same age, roughly the same ethnic diversity, Boot Barn fuel a little bit more male, and Ross, of course, skews a little bit more female. I guess my goal is, if I look at the transformation of Boot Barn over a 12-year period, we slowly made progress on different things like store environment and marketing and perhaps there are some similarities here. But I think it's also important to recognize sort of as the CEO, my #1, #2 and #3 priorities are to sort of pull the team together and establish a go-forward strategy and have all sort of rowing in the same direction. And I feel very fortunate that I've gotten brought into the business. I feel great about the reception from the management team. I think we're already a very cohesive management team. I feel great about the talent that surrounds me. I have 2 very strong chief merchants, one over Ross and one of our DD. We have the ongoing support of Barbara from a merchandising standpoint. And so if I were to try to draw a parallel to what I hope to bring here that perhaps helped Boot Barn be successful is just to kind of get the entire team pointing in the same direction and working collaboratively and to build on the success that Barbara has left behind for me.
Dana Telsey: And then just on the topic of tariffs. From the last time there were tariffs. Can you just remind us how -- what did the business do to react to those tariffs? What changed in terms of pricing -- and does this time -- how is it different or the same? Thank you.
A – Michael Hartshorn : I think overall, it will be the same. How did we react? We negotiated costs. We mix the business where we needed to differently. And in some cases, we did raise prices. And I think it will be a mix of all of those, but will be partly dependent especially on the price front, what the market – how the market responds.
A – Jim Conroy : Yes. As you’d imagine, we’re meeting on this, if not daily, extremely frequently with an ever-changing landscape, Fortunately for the team if not their first rodeo, right? They’ve seen this before. And we – I think we have some good strategies in place to sort of mitigate any potential downside, but also to maximize the opportunities that might come our way based on the disruption to the supply chain.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jay Sole with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you. I know this has been asked in a similar way before. But if you could just let us know if you need any improvement in the comp trend to get to the negative 3% comp guidance the loan to the guide for Q1 and then secondly, just on the fact that there's a 300 basis point difference between the low-end and the high-end of the comp range. What's the reason for the wider range than normal? Is it -- is there less visibility now? If you could just sort of provide more color on that, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Michael Hartshorn : Sure. On the wider comp range, it is absolutely driven by visibility entering the year. What we said on the comp trend is we have seen an improvement and we've built since early February. And since weather has improved, and we've built that into the first quarter guidance.
Jay Sole: So are you saying that you built continued improvement into the guidance is what you're saying?
Michael Hartshorn : Correct.
Jay Sole: Got it. Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Krisztina Katai with Deutsche Bank. Please procced with your question.
Krisztina Katai: Hi, good afternoon, and welcome Jim. So as you think about the improvement in some of your businesses like ladies apparel, you noted a nice improvement into the fourth quarter from 3Q, just can you touch on what are the areas within that are driving that? I think you spoke to the branded strategy being one of them. Do you think that can continue in 2025? And just how would you rate the performance relative to where you'd like it to be?
Jim Conroy : I would say the team has made some really nice progress. We've achieved the sort of levels of brands that we were hoping to achieve from a target standpoint, I think the content of the assortment was good through the holiday period and it kind of played out in the comp line. In terms of more specificity under that, of course, if you go through the different classifications, you will see a different trend line between missy sportswear and active and juniors, et cetera. So there's always places for us to make some ongoing improvements. And I think the team is on top of them. I've been sitting through the assortment planning meetings as we look forward for the spring and fall season and I really like the strategies they have in place and the direction they're taking in the assortment.
Krisztina Katai: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Loop Capital Markets. Please procced with question.
Laura Champine: Thanks for taking my question. It's a follow-up to all the discussion about your full year comp guide, which you've explained is wider than normal, lower than normal given the trend. As s you look to improve the comp trend in coming quarters, can you get there just from improved weather? Or do you need market share to accelerate or the macro to improve.
Michael Hartshorn : Well, the improved weather will obviously help. But the macro backdrop, there's a lot dependent on that. We're not sure if what we're seeing now is shock value of all the volatility in the market or in fact, the underlying trend will improve. The good news in off-price is we can operate well in a number of environments as other others around us struggle in a tough macroeconomic environment. That means more closeouts for us, which means our ability to get them and pass that on to the consumer with better values to go back in history, even in tough macroeconomic times, you have to go back to the 2008, 2009 levels, we've been able to navigate in the off-price environment fairly well.
Laura Champine: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And now I would like to turn the floor back over to Jim Conroy for any closing remarks.
Jim Conroy : Sure. Thank you for joining us on our call today. We look forward to speaking with you on our next earnings call. Take care.
Operator: And thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-21 16:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores third quarter 2024 earnings release conference call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management, followed by a question and answer session. If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference, please press star zero. Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings, and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2023 Form 10-K and fiscal 2024 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC. And now I would like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. Good afternoon.
Barbara Rentler: Joining me in our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President and Chief Operating Officer, Adam Orvos, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations. Before we get started, on behalf of our board and the entire company, we are excited to welcome Jim Conroy to Ross Stores as CEO-elect next month. Following a two-month transition, Jim will assume the CEO role on February 2, 2025. Jim is a talented and proven retail executive with a demonstrated track record of developing and leading successful management teams and creating tremendous value for shareholders. As I previously announced, I will move into an advisory role at the beginning of fiscal 2025 and will support Jim and our other senior executives on merchandising-related strategies through March of 2027. Let's turn to our earnings results. As noted in today's press release, we are disappointed with our third-quarter sales results as business slowed from the solid gains we reported in the first half of 2024. Although our low to moderate-income customers continue to face persistently high costs on necessities, pressuring discretionary spending, we believe we should have better executed some of our merchandising initiatives. In addition, we estimate a combination of severe weather during the quarter from Hurricane Lane and Hilton, along with unseasonably warm temperatures, also negatively impacted comps by about one percent. Despite the below-planned sales results, earnings were ahead of our expectations. Operating margin for the quarter was up 75 basis points to 11.9% versus 11.2% last year, as lower incentive freight and distribution costs more than offset the planned decline in merchandise margin. Total sales for the period grew to $5.1 billion, up from $4.9 billion in the prior year, with comparable store sales up one percent. Earnings per share for the thirteen weeks ended November 2, 2024, were $1.48 compared to earnings per share of $1.33 last year. Net income for the period rose to $489 million versus $447 million in the prior year period. For the first nine months, earnings per share were $4.53 on net earnings of $1.5 billion compared to $3.74 per share on net income of $1.3 billion for the same period last year. Sales for the year-to-date period grew to $15.2 billion with comparable store sales up three percent over last year. For the third quarter, cosmetics, accessories, and children were the strongest merchandise areas, while California and Texas were the best-performing regions. Similar to the second quarter, DD's Discounts' strong value of fashion offerings continues to resonate with its shoppers, with comp gains exceeding Ross's results. At quarter-end, total consolidated inventories were up nine percent versus last year, while average store inventories were up one percent. Packaway merchandise represented 38% of total inventory compared to 39% last year. During the third quarter, we also completed our expansion program for 2024 with the addition of 43 new Ross and four DD's Discount stores. For the year, we added a total of 89 locations, comprised of 75 Ross and 14 DD's. We plan to close and/or relocate seven locations in the fourth quarter and expect to end the year with 1,831 Ross stores and 354 DD's Discount locations. Now Adam will provide further details on our third-quarter results and fourth-quarter guidance.
Adam Orvos: Thank you, Barbara. As previously stated, comparable store sales rose one percent in the quarter. Operating margin increased 75 basis points to 11.9%. Cost of goods sold improved by 70 basis points in the quarter. Buying levered by 65 basis points mainly due to lower incentives while distribution and domestic freight costs declined by 50 and 40 basis points respectively. Occupancy rose by 25 basis points while merchandise margin decreased by 60 basis points. SG&A cost for the period improved by five basis points, primarily due to lower incentive costs. During the third quarter, we repurchased 1.8 million shares of common stock for an aggregate cost of $262 million. We remain on track to buy back a total of $1.05 billion in stock for the year. Now let's discuss our fourth-quarter guidance. For the thirteen weeks ending February 1, 2025, we continue to project comparable store sales to increase two percent to three percent. Earnings per share for the fourth quarter are planned to be in the range of $1.57 to $1.64, compared to $1.82 in the fourth quarter of 2023. This guidance range includes an unfavorable impact of approximately $0.03 per share primarily from the timing of packaway-related expenses that benefited the third quarter. Based on our year-to-date results and our fourth-quarter forecast, earnings per share for the fifty-two weeks ending February 1, 2025, are now expected to be in the range of $6.10 to $6.17 versus $5.56 last year. As a reminder, last year's fourth quarter and full-year results included an extra week that benefited earnings by approximately $0.20. The operating statement assumptions that support our fourth-quarter guidance include the following. Total sales are projected to decline one percent to three percent. As a reminder, last year's extra week contributed $308 million to sales. We expect operating margin to be in the range of 11.2% to 11.5% versus 12.4% last year. Last year's fourth quarter included an 80 basis point benefit from the extra week. This outlook reflects lower merchandise margin, as we continue to increase the penetration of quality branded merchandise partially offset by lower incentive and freight expenses. Net interest income is expected to be approximately $24 million and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about 329 million. Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments.
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Adam. To sum up, we believe we have opportunities to improve our merchandise execution and remain confident that our ongoing focus and commitment to delivering the most will best position our company for profitable growth over the near and long term. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question, please press the star key followed by one on your telephone keypad. You may press star two to remove a question from the queue. For participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the keys. In order to give everyone a chance to ask a question, we ask that you limit yourself to one question only. Thank you. One moment, please, while we poll for questions. And the first question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks. So Barbara, can you elaborate maybe on the opportunities to improve merchandising execution that you cited? Any assortment changes for the holiday or just your confidence in two to three comps for the fourth quarter? And then, Adam, as we think about gross margin, maybe just gross margin relative to plan, especially on the merchandise margin side in the third quarter. And any differences in drivers as we think about fourth quarter puts and takes relative to the third?
Barbara Rentler: For Matt, the first opportunity to change is in the assortment. I think we had some execution issues in a couple of businesses that we've identified and that we think we can correct. We didn't probably move as quickly as we should have in some things where there were some, I would say, shifts in the world from a product perspective. So I feel like that's an opportunity and we missed some volume there. And also as we continue to iterate on our brand strategy and keep improving the brand strategy, listening to the customer and making those changes. So that continues. In terms of the fourth quarter and the acceleration and guidance to two to three, you know, as you get into the fourth quarter, many of the businesses that are really important during the holiday season, and I know you know this, whether it's gifting or cosmetics, you know, those businesses, accessories, have been strengths for us. So as we go into that period, we're going into some of our strongest businesses and also, you know, gifting last year in a lot of our home world was very good, and we're building on that. So I feel like those businesses, you know, should do well during the period. They're doing well now. And, you know, that gives us the confidence on the two to three. And, again, we'll continue to iterate on our other strategies in the remainder of the box and where we had some execution issues. We are in the process of, you know, fixing them. And, obviously, you know, we had some weather issues in Q3 that, you know, who knows what will happen from a weather perspective across the country for any of us. But we also had some of that.
Adam Orvos: And Matt, on your question on Q3 and Q4, I would start with merchandise margin. I mentioned it declined by 60 basis points in Q3. Now that result benefited from better-than-expected shrink results as we completed our physical inventory process and trued up our results in Q3. And then looking forward to Q4, probably an uptick in pressure for merchandise margin as we continue to push for more brands that are sharply priced to deliver the strong value proposition that we want for our customers in the holiday season. Domestic freight, we mentioned, was worth 40 basis points in Q3. I would expect that to be pretty consistent in Q4. I'll always caveat it with fuel costs, but assuming they stay where they are, I would expect that to be comparable. Distribution costs again were another source of strength for us. We mentioned the packaway shift that we have to take into account, so that'll put pressure on us in Q4. Incentives on both sides will continue to be favorable. We would expect in the fourth quarter as we're again up against a 2023 where we were outperforming in a significant way. And then lastly, obviously, we have the fifty-third week impact that we talked about.
Matthew Boss: Great color. Best of luck.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Altschwager: Thank you for taking my question. Barbara, you are going to be passing the reins here in a few months but remaining in an advisory role. Maybe speak a little bit more to your areas of focus as you transition your responsibilities. Relatedly, the merchant team still seems to be in the early innings of this value strategy or brand strategy iterating there. I guess then any changes to expect there or, you know, could anything change there with the new leadership? Thank you.
Barbara Rentler: My areas of focus obviously will be to spend time with Jim and help him onboard. And to spend my time on merchandising. It will be an advisory role heavily focused on merchandising. I don't foresee any changes to our strategy because our brand strategy is really the key to our market share gains. I don't foresee that. And, you know, but it'll continue to iterate, and that's really where I will spend my time. Obviously, Jim is a very seasoned CEO. And he complements the strengths that we have in merchandising and our operational team. So I feel like Jim is a great add. And, you know, the team will be a good combination together and my role will be to make sure that merchandising continues going forward and that Jim gets transitioned appropriately.
Mark Altschwager: Thank you. Best of luck over the holiday.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Lejuez: Good day, guys. Couple of quick ones. Curious if the recognizable brands and how quick you can fix those issues. And, Adam, any quantification of that shrink benefit? How much it helped the merch margin line? And then also curious if you could talk about the performance of some of your initial store openings in the northeast. Thanks.
Barbara Rentler: The execution issues are actually merchandise. I would say merchandise. This is not so much on the branding. However, you know, the brand strategy, we keep iterating on that and keep listening to the customers. We keep making changes as we go. So obviously and, you know, as we started this in the beginning, I said each business is at a different point at the starting point to where we are now. And so, you know, we keep responding to what the customer is telling us. So I would say that across the board will continue to do. And just some things we're just, yeah, execution issues, which we can fix.
Michael Hartshorn: Paul, on the shrink, we don't break out shrink separately. What I would say is we, and you know this covering us from over the years, is we completed our physical inventory in the third quarter. We had assumed that shrink was going to be worse for a couple of reasons. One, just the external landscape, but also the increased number of brands in the store. So what that meant is we accrued more going up to physical inventory. And so we took a larger benefit in Q3 that helped EBIT margin not only versus what we guided but versus last year. For the year, though, shrink looks like it's going to be about flat to 2023, again, with the upside in the third quarter. Your last question, Paul, was on the northeast. It's too early to comment on the overall store productivity, but we are pleased with what we've seen thus far.
Paul Lejuez: Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good afternoon. As the branded strategy continues to evolve, do you view this as a multiyear merchandise margin headwind? And are there other offsets that you're working on to ease some of this pressure in 2025 and beyond?
Michael Hartshorn: Lorraine, our expectation is that over time, as we build our brand relationships and as we learn what works best with our customer, that over time, it would be earnings accretion. And we'd expect slight improvements of margins over time.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. Thanks. Good afternoon, and congrats on your upcoming retirement, Barbara.
Chuck Grom: Talk about the cadence of sales throughout the quarter? And then also the composition of the comp between traffic and ticket? And then if you could double click on ticket between UBT and AUR. Thank you.
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On the cadence during the quarter, comps were strongest early in the quarter as the weather became more difficult gradually as we moved through the quarter. We did see improvements in sell-throughs in markets when the weather became more seasonable. As we said in the commentary, the comps were driven by traffic. The other component of comp was relatively neutral.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Simeon Siegel with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Simeon Siegel: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Good afternoon. Can you dig in a little bit more to the brand strategy pivot? I guess just first, we need to contextualize, how meaningful is the shift within the mix? Maybe has the early reception? Just curious if you're seeing learnings from or feedback from vendors or consumers maybe just following up on the range, just recognizing the merch margin pressure now, I'm just wondering, ultimately, with better brands, do you think you get to raise price there to fix that margin pressure of so long this take? And before maybe the customers can accept those higher price points at the stronger value? Thank you.
Barbara Rentler: Okay. On the early customer acceptance of state of Ohio branches, you know, in many of these businesses, these are not major branches. Right? And so just want to emphasize, you know, that the friendship is good, better, best. All kinds of values and pricing moderate and above. And so in some businesses, the branches weren't that great because they were already at the, I would say, appropriate level that the customer is responding to and really likes, and so it is we didn't do it. In other areas, we felt like we needed to make bolder moves. And ladies, we felt like we needed to make bolder moves than we have. And so with again, we're at different journeys and different acceptance levels by the customer based on what the product is and the area that it is. So it's not just, you know, a straight line but I could say, hey. This is where we are completely on the journey. Some places, we feel that we're there. And in other places, we feel like we have a long road to go, and not a long road. That's probably the biggest question. You know, we have a ways to go with figuring out exactly what it is she wants. And that really tends to be more in our ladies' business. And as you know, ladies is a tougher business. And so we're learning. Merchants are shifting. As the customer is voting, and we want to get that right mix of, you know, right, brands that she likes. And a mix of good, better, best at the level that she enjoys, and we want to just make sure that the entire thing that we're giving compelling values there. Particularly in ladies as ladies is a tough business. Always compared to other parts of apparel.
Simeon Siegel: So thanks. And so would you expect AUR to naturally progress higher through this, or is it not that meaningful?
Barbara Rentler: No. Not necessarily. It's not an AUR strategy. It's really a brand and value. So we're not going in and saying we want to raise AUR by x. We're putting out different brands at different levels in a good, better, best. And then it's seeking its own level with the customer. We can see what they like more than others and making adjustments as we go. Because for some businesses, they didn't have to make as big a move perhaps the ladies' business has to make. But it's not an AUR strategy. It's a value strategy. At all brands here so that we're addressing all the customer base. Right? So we have customers who like every price point, and we want to make sure that we fine-tune that so that we can consider that we can still, you know, give that treasure hunt experience to all customers. A store. So, you know, it's a learning and adjustment as we go, and we think that ladies will continue to improve as time goes on. And some other businesses are again, some are tweaked. And some are bigger moves. And the merchant team is very, very on this, and we are very focused on value. Because delivering compelling values is really the single most important thing we need to do. For our future in farm market checking.
Simeon Siegel: Great. Very much. Good luck for the holiday.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Adrienne Yih with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Adrienne Yih: Good afternoon. And Barbara, congratulations on your upcoming retirement as well. Thanks. So just to sort of like sorry. Another question on this. Have you given any color on what the kind of brand penetration or the tweaking that you've done? Like, how much tweaking? Is it, you know, mid-single-digit percent of the assortment? And I know it's going to be very, very hard to do that on a global basis. But any color there on the amount more in brands? And then, Michael, or Adam, perhaps, if you could help give us some color on the differential and guess it'll be different per brand with the differential to kind of the current merch margin is, you know, relative to kind of what a brand might be, like the increased brand penetration. And I guess my final just, like, wrap up on that. Back when you were doing fourteen, fifteen percent operating margins, the gross margin was, you know, a hundred and change, higher twenty-nine percent. So if we do have kind of merch margin pressure, is the offset to come from leverage from just, you know, gaining, you know, higher than your historical kind of one to two comp? Is that how we should think about it? Thank you.
Michael Hartshorn: I'll start with your last question first. It's Michael. How we see our operating margins going forward, obviously, we have a model over time driven partly by new store growth, comp growth, which has historically been in the three percent to four percent range, and some operating margin improvement in the middle and then our share buyback. We have initiatives throughout the company whether it's technology investments, whether it's cost control, to be able to offset any impact to merchant margins. As I said though earlier, over the longer term, we believe that we can grow merchant margins from this base based on our vendor relationships as this gains traction and also we learn more about what the customer wants.
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the penetrations, I mean, you know, that's very it's hard to do your right. You can't do it at a global level. It's different by business, and so it's hard to do that. I think that the thing you know, as we started this whole brand thing, you know, and as I sit back and we've been talking about we've talked about brands, we always had brands in the store. I mean, our business model is to have brands. But what we realized is that in some getting surveys and feedback and everything, and in some areas, we needed more. What more is, you know, it is something that you can't I can't stick a number say, hey. This is what we're going to march to because the customer has to decide what that is. I think the most important thing for us to recognize and for everyone to recognize is that we're responding to what she says. Right? And so and then making changes to it. It's hard to just pick a it can't pick percent. Some areas, you know, if we were talking about an area like shoes, we would have said we, you know, we are highly branded. We're highly branded. You know, there weren't so many changes. So it just depends on what it is. I can't give you one number. And the other thing, it will seek its own level. And we'll know we'll know that we've got to like, in some businesses where we feel like we are where we want to be, you know, in some of those, we'll know. We'll know by the terms. We'll know by the markdown. We'll know by how quickly the merchandise is moving through the store and, you know, I think that's really the way to go, which is why it's kind of hard to just on a five. If we're going because the biggest mistake we can make with these is picking a number and just kind of really forging forward to a very large number that maybe is incorrect. So we started out with a number to begin. And we keep iterating again on what she's telling us. And that could be different by product, and it could be different by where I am in some of our business classification.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Brooke Roach: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking our question. Barbara, can you comment on what you're seeing in the macro backdrop for the Ross Stores banner? Outside of the weather events that we saw this quarter, have you seen any change in the way that the consumer is engaging with the brand? And then as a follow-up, it sounds like DD's is still outperforming the Ross Stores banner. What insights are you gaining from that regarding your low-income consumer or is that an execution differential? Thank you.
Michael Hartshorn: It's Michael Hartshorn, I'll start with the DD's. First, it potentially is the DD's group and merchant have done a very nice job, and we're happy with the adjustments. We've been able to make in the DD's chain been able to improve our value and fashion offerings and it's resonated very well. With the customer and DD's outcome for us for the quarter. One other bright spot for DD's is the newer markets where we slowed growth have improved. But we need to see given that their sales volume started at levels below our expectations, we'll need to see sustained growth there before we ramp up new store growth in some of those newer markets.
Barbara Rentler: And, Brooke, give me a favor. Give me more flavor around what you want as you're saying the customer engaging with the brand? You're just saying that is there any change in the macro or consumer engagement with your business as we've moved through the early holiday season outside of the weather events?
Brooke Roach: Yes.
Barbara Rentler: I think when, you know, I think if we went through this third quarter. You know? I think, you know, it started the third quarter started off strong then weather came. And then obviously, as Michael said before, as the weather changed by region, we watched the consumer come back. So part of it is weather. And then, you know, there's a lot of shifts going on as holidays are coming earlier. This year. So I think part of it is just that. And I think, you know, an earlier Christmas, I think, might change a little bit of the dynamic to have a customer's gonna shop. You know, it's been a long time since we've had Christmas the week before. So but, yes, coming out of the weather, the customer did come back. Brooke, from a just a customer basis on whether an income basis or age basis. We did not in Q3. We haven't seen over time a significant shift on that basis either.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Straton: Perfect. Thanks so much. I just wanted to focus on the full quarter guidance. Is it correct that the outlook hasn't changed much from last time we spoke except for the packaway shift? Or have some pieces within there moved? And then just on the comp acceleration that you're still embedding, should I just assume that that's reflective of what you're seeing quarter to date or what gives you the confidence there?
Michael Hartshorn: On the guidance, it hasn't changed. The only thing that's changed is packaway. On the guidance itself, first, the unfavorable weather had a negative impact on the third quarter that we're not expecting in the fourth quarter. We'll see how it plays out. As Barbara mentioned earlier, as we move into the fourth quarter, many of our merchandise areas that have been performing well are important fourth-quarter and holiday businesses. And then finally, the guides based, we feel good about our assortments. We have planned for the holiday, especially in gift-giving.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti with Evercore. Hey, guys. Congrats on a nice quarter.
Michael Binetti: This is a really big margin beat for a one comp, guys. Is there any near-term change in the leverage point we should think about or, you know, could you help contextualize what you think this in this quarter would not repeat if in the theoretical if we saw one comp again? And then on the branded goods strategy, maybe you just help us understand if the underlying merch margin decelerate or accelerate versus 2Q? You know, if we exclude the shrink true-up, are we past the peak of the branded goods pressure? Or what would maybe what would cause it to accelerate or continue to moderate?
Michael Hartshorn: Yeah. Michael, on the first piece. So our EPS beat, you know, we talked about merchandise margin coming in better, and expected related to shrink. I would say, we also felt good about just our overall cost management within the quarter. So multiple parts of the P&L benefiting. Now does that change our leverage point? No. We still think three to four percent comp growth is the right place for us to leverage. The shrink is obviously a one-time piece. Right? Because we true up in the third quarter as we always do, and then of course, the packaway is one-time in nature. So I think the only other moving part that we haven't talked about, our EPS benefited by higher interest income. That, you know, that embedded in our guidance is some pressure, you know, assuming further rate cuts. The balance of the year.
Michael Binetti: Michael, we don't our leverage point hasn't changed. As Adam said, we had a lot of one-timers in the quarter looking forward and even longer term, the leverage point is pretty constant between three and four.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey with the Telsey Advisory Group. Please proceed with your question.
Dana Telsey: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. As you think about the implementation potentially of tariffs going forward, how do you think of your assortment and pricing relative to the tariffs that may come into place and remind us of what happened last time? And then when you think about some of the changes in management, like with DD's, any holes to fill or with this branded strategy, is anything shifting within DD's also given the improved results that we've seen there? Thank you.
Michael Hartshorn: Dana, on the tariffs, we'll be closely monitoring any developments there, I'm sure everybody across the industry is doing so. It's too early to say what the potential impact could be on us and the rest of retail. Our focus in the case of a tariff increase would be to maintain a pricing umbrella versus traditional retailers and offer the best values to the customer. We will not be a leader in raising prices.
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of DD's, DD's has a strategy in place that they've been working on. And that'll just continue. So there won't be any other new strategies or additional changes. They'll just be building upon their successes.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Ike Boruchow: Hey, guys. Adam, sorry if I missed it, but could you give us maybe an update on freight in the fourth quarter? And then maybe just high-level state of the union domestic and ocean into next year is how we should expect that line item to kind of progress based on, like, what you have in front of you right now?
Adam Orvos: Yeah. On the domestic side, so we're forty basis points of improvement in Q3. Probably expect something similar in Q4. It's been tracking pretty consistently all year. On the ocean side, it was a negligible impact in the quarter. You know, in the short term, would expect that. Obviously, we're watching some of the potential disruptions and, you know, watching for the resolution of the strike issue that would impact the East Coast ports and the Gulf ports. So we're watching all those things. But with what we know right now, don't see that as anything other than neutral. And then we'll have to see as you know, we'll come back and talk to you at the beginning of the year on how we see 2025 and beyond. And once we get into the bidding process for next year.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jay Sole with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you, Barbara. I'm just wondering if there was anything related to inventory availability or just timing of buying that sort of contributed to some of the issues and execution that you, you know, you decided that impacted Q3? Thank you.
Barbara Rentler: Well, in terms of inventory availability, you know, it's favorable. Again, some businesses have more availability than others. In terms of the impact of buying to Q3, I'm not sure I understand what you mean, Jay, by that. It's just that we have found that we were buying or just or that contribute to the quarter's performance? I'm not sure which one you want me to answer.
Jay Sole: Right. Like, perhaps, like, did you buy too much inventory too soon, not leaving enough open to buy? Did you sort of...
Barbara Rentler: No. I don't think that was part of the issue. And in fact, in seasonal businesses, you know, we leave money open, you know, things like outerwear or whatever because, you know, history would tell us that, you know, you don't know how it's going to start. And so with these merchants leave liquidity so that we don't get caught with that. So no. I don't think it has to do with the speed of what we bought or, you know, I think it's just some of the choices we made or didn't make and but it has nothing to do with that.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. Please proceed with your question.
Marni Shapiro: Hey, guys. Thanks. Congratulations on the hire and Barbara, you will be missed. I have a quick question for you. The dollar stores collectively have been under a lot of pressure and have made announcements that they're closing a lot of stores. And I'm curious if you could just give us a little insight into how many if any, of your DD's stores or Ross stores, in fact, compete with them in similar areas. Is there an opportunity as they close stores if you'd seen some of those stores close already, and you've seen the customer for certain items shift over to you? If you could just frame that a little bit because it's obviously a big retail conversation.
Michael Hartshorn: Yeah. I don't have the exact number of stores. Obviously, smaller footprint, a lot more consumables than what we have. In DD's? So I would say it's hard to see any impact. Very different merchandise mix. So could there be some upside potentially, but given what's in the box, I don't see it as a huge upside.
Barbara Rentler: It's really consumable, Marni. That's really their business is so big, and DD's does a business in consumable. But I think that's I think in what they have in there, I think that's probably to my point, that's probably the biggest overlap slash potential opportunity.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Aneesha Sherman with Bernstein.
Aneesha Sherman: Thank you for taking my question. Barbara, if I can have a follow-up on the brand strategy. So you talked about good, better, best. Are you seeing any differences in the performance of the good versus the best in terms of sell-through and velocity? And then, a follow-up on the weather comment. You said the weather impact to comp was about one percent. As we've come out of some of the weather issues, have you seen the comp run rate in those impacted stores improve? By about that magnitude coming out of the back half of the quarter. Thank you.
Michael Hartshorn: Aneesha, on the weather, yes. We did. And I said previously, we did see improvements in sell-throughs in markets where weather became more seasonal within Q3.
Barbara Rentler: And then on a good, better, best, you know, we turn put overall very quickly in the store. I mean, there's always some turn differential, but the overall churn on apparel is very fast. So think what we I would put it this way. We own the right fit to the right value. It all turns very quickly. If we own the wrong goods, it doesn't turn as quickly. So but overall, the entire box, you know, returns we drive receipts. It's our mission is to drive receipts not on inventory. So churn is always on our mind, but it's again it's about it's really about the value, putting on floor, the product and the value. It always comes back to the product and the value, and then it will turn quickly to the No. Within a treasure hunt environment, if I don't buy, it won't be there next.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of John Kernan with TD Cowen.
John Kernan: Excellent. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just to go back on the real estate theme, off-price, whether it's Ross Stores, DD's, your competitors at TJX and growing to the a lot of store growth plans, the next two, three, five years. How much the real estate availability for Ross Stores and across really, regionally, northeast, west, southeast, all countries are? What's your view on the overall availability outlook in the quality of real estate for off-price retail right now?
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, John. I'd say overall, we feel good about what we have and, you know, the real estate landscape. And we have a healthy pipeline for the next couple of years. I would say, you know, real estate is tight. There's not a lot of new centers being constructed. And for us, there's increased interest from other retailers and the types of real estates that we typically prefer. That said, you know, we have a very strong team that has a methodical process of developing a healthy real estate pipeline to support our growth plans over the next number of years.
Operator: And the final question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Loop Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Laura Champine: Thanks for squeezing me in. Your incoming CEO's got a difficult task. I'm curious whether that will likely change the structure of his direct reports or responsibility set. And, also, Barbara, to the extent that you're comfortable talking about it, I think that this is a pretty insular end to especially as you move up the ranks. Why is now a good time to bring someone in from outside off-price from a smaller company?
Barbara Rentler: Okay. So responsibilities, you know, reporting to him will be two one twenty-five year plus veteran and the other thirty-year plus veteran. So I think from a merger perspective and tenure, and below that level, the group the average tenure is around twenty years below them. So I feel like I think that's fine. I actually think it's good. I think so he's got a very strong bench below him. That understands off-price and, you know, yeah. I mean, I'm very comfortable that the mix is good. And, actually, I think Jim complements some of the talent that we have in the organization. You know, in terms of timing, you know, look, a year and a half ago, when they're in June of 2023, you know, we announced internally, externally, you know, I was going to step down. And the agreement was that with the board that if we found the right person looking internally at externally, the whole thing. When we found the right person, that we would hire that person, I would move to an advisory role. So I don't know if it's necessarily the timing with where we are with this brand strategy. I think the single most important thing is to have the right person. And that to me is in the handoff. That's critical. Right? So I do. I think Jim is the right person. And so and, you know, obviously, there's a lot of tenure at Ross of people who've been here a long time, not only me, but Michael and Norman. You know, there's a lot of people here who've been here a long time. So you know, Jim will learn the business. But I don't it had nothing to do with, you know, we have our branch strategy. No. We're not going to when you find the right person, Lauren, you know. When it's right, it's right, and Jim is the right person. And so that really was a decision, and I was part of that decision. So I feel good about it. And clearly, we're going to make sure that Jim is successful because we have him, you know, pretty surrounded by true off-price veterans who have been doing it, you know, I'm getting older as I'm saying this to you, for years and years and years. But that's really what we've done. And that's really why the timing kind of, you know, it is earlier, but again, when you find the right person, I'm sure you've all done searches. Everyone on this call when you find the right person, you really have to, you know, really have to jump on I'm going to say jump on the opportunity being an off-price. The right so, you know, everything is opportunistic. And so I think the timing is good for the company and he'll be supported all along the way.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time, there are no further questions. And I would like to turn the floor back over to Barbara Rentler for any closing comments.
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today, and I hope everybody has a happy holiday.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-22 04:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations, the future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of the future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and in the company's fiscal 2023 Form 10-K and fiscal 2024 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on file with the SEC. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer.
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group's President, Chief Operating Officer; Adam Orvos, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with a review of our second quarter 2024 results, followed by our outlook for the second half and full fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. As noted in today's press release, second quarter sales and earnings were above our expectations as our stronger value offerings resonated with our customers. Operating margin improved versus last year, increasing 115 basis points to 12.5%. Total sales for the period grew 7% to $5.3 billion, up from $4.9 billion last year with comparable store sales up 4%. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended August 3, 2024 were $1.59 on net income of $527 million. These results are up from $1.32 per share on net earnings of $446 million in last year's second quarter. For the first six months, earnings per share were $3.05 on net income of $1 billion. These results compare to earnings per share of $2.41 on net earnings of $818 million for the first half of 2023. Sales for the 2024 year-to-date period grew to $10.1 billion, up from $9.4 billion in the prior year. Comparable sales for the first half of 2024 were up 3%. Cosmetics and Children's were the strongest merchandise areas during the quarter, while geographic performance was broad-based. Like Ross, dd's DISCOUNTS performance also improved as shoppers responded favorably to the stronger values and fashions offered in stores. In addition, dd's faced easier compares versus last year, benefiting their recent performance. While we are encouraged by the improved trends, we continue to adjust assortments in the newer markets to address this more diverse customer base. At quarter end, total consolidated inventories were up 8% versus last year, while average store inventories were up 3% due to the 53rd week calendar shift. Packaway merchandise for 39% of total inventories at quarter end, up slightly from 38% last year. Turning to store growth. We opened 21 New Rock and three dd's DISCOUNT locations in the second quarter. We remain on track to open a total of approximately 90 new locations this year comprised of about 75 Ross and 15 dd's. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 to 15 older stores. Now, Adam will provide further details on our second quarter results and additional color on our updated outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2024.
Adam Orvos: Thank you, Barbara. As previously mentioned, our comparable store sales were up 4% for the quarter, driven by a combination of higher traffic and basket size. Second quarter operating margin of 12.5% was up 115 basis points over 11.3% last year. Our improved profitability benefited from higher sales and lower distribution and incentive costs that were partially offset as planned by lower merchandise margins. Cost of goods sold during the period improved by 60 basis points. Distribution and buying costs delivered by 70 and 55 basis points, respectively, while domestic freight costs declined by 15 basis points. As expected, merchandise margin decreased by 80 basis points. SG&A for the period improved by 55 basis points, mainly due to higher sales and lower incentive costs. During the second quarter, we repurchased 1.8 million shares of common stock for an aggregate cost of $262 million. As a result, we remain on track to buy back a total of $1.05 billion in stock for the year. Now let's discuss our outlook for the remainder of 2024. As Barbara noted in today's press release, our low to moderate income customers continue to face high cost on necessities, pressuring their discretionary spending. Looking ahead, our prior year sales comparisons also become more challenging during the second half of the year amidst an external environment that is highly uncertain. As a result, we continue to maintain a cautious approach in forecasting our sales. For both the third and fourth quarters, we are planning comparable sales growth of 2% to 3% on top of 5% and 7% gains, respectively, in 2023. If sales perform in line with this guidance, third quarter earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $1.35 to $1.41 versus $1.33 last year and $1.60 to $1.67 for the fourth quarter compared to $1.82 in 2023. This updated earnings guidance now reflects additional efficiencies we expect to achieve in the second half of 2024. If the second half performs in line with these projections, earnings per share for the full year are now forecast to be in the range of $6 to $6.13, up from $5.56 in fiscal 2023. As a reminder, both the 2023, fourth quarter and full year results included an approximate $0.20 per share benefit from the 53rd week. Now, let's turn to our guidance assumptions for the third quarter of 2024. Total sales are forecast to increase 3% to 5% versus the prior year. We expect to open 47 stores during the quarter, including 43 Ross and 4 dd's locations. Operating margin for the 2024 third quarter is planned to be in the 10.9% to 11.2% range, compared to 11.2% in 2023. This outlook reflects lower incentive, freight and distribution costs that are offset by lower merchandise margins as we build on our efforts to offer more sharply priced branded bargains. Net interest income is estimated to be approximately $39 million. The tax rate is projected to be 24% to 25%, and diluted shares outstanding are expected to be approximately $331 million. Now, I will turn the call over to Barbara for closing comments.
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Adam. While second quarter sales and earnings were above our expectations, we remain keenly aware of the uncertain external environment. In addition, we recognize that delivering the great values that our off-price customers have come to expect from us is more important than ever, especially given the continued pressures they face from the highest cost on necessities. Thus, we will stay laser-focused on maximizing our prospects for market share gains by providing shoppers with the most quality branded bargains in the marketplace. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we will be conducting the question-and-session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks and congrats on a really nice quarter. So Barbara, could you elaborate on the progression of business trends that you saw during the quarter? And just progress with your initiatives to amplify value, as well as brands into the back half of the year? And then for Adam, on gross margin, could you just maybe speak to the mark on opportunity based on current availability of goods or how best to think about gross margin drivers in the back half?
Michael Hartshorn: Matt, I'll start with comp performance during the quarter. Cadence-wise for us, comps were strongest mid-quarter, both on a single year and a multiyear stack basis.
Barbara Rentler: And then in terms of progress on the value strategy, the stronger value offering is definitely resonating with our customers. So in the fall season, we're going to continue to build on improving that value offering that we have out there now. And again, I just said it in my opening, the customer is really dealing with high cost on necessities. And I think the way for us to gain market share is really to continue down this value path.
Adam Orvos: And Matt, this is Adam. I know your question about the balance of the year and mark on specifically. So let me just walk you through some of the parts. So, we talked about DC cost leverage by 70 basis points in the quarter. We continue to see higher productivity in our distribution centers. We've invested in automation there. The hiring and retention environment is strong. We opened a newer DC in Houston that's providing a lift. Buying costs were also favorable, but lower incentives were the primary factor there. And then domestic freight, as we expected was a slight benefit to us and ocean freight was neutral regarding mark on specifically. So the pressure to all of that is our merchandise margin, right? We voiced about our brand strategy that continues to ramp up as we move through the year and merchandise margin dropped by 80 basis points, and we expect that pressure to step up as we move into the second half -- second half of the year.
Matthew Boss: Great color. Congrats again.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. Please proceed with your question.
Chuck Grom: Thanks, very much. Great quarter. I was wondering if you could maybe touch on the cadence, talk about anything on the back-to-school results thus far. And also within categories, if you could speak to the home and also where you are on the apparel trends in the quarter? Thank you.
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. It's Michael Hartshorn. The cadence wise, we wouldn't say any -- we wouldn't talk about inter-quarter trends going into Q3. But as I said, comps were strongest mid-quarter for us. In terms of merchandise categories, Cosmetics and Children's were the strongest areas while Home performed in line with the chain. Shoes were slightly below as it lapped tough compares from last year. And then overall, Apparel was relatively in line with the chain average.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Altschwager: Good afternoon. Thank you taking my question. So just thinking about the updated guide here, you beat the high end of your EPS guide by $0.10 in the quarter. I think you're raising the high end for the full year to $0.15. Second half comp still in that 2% to 3% range. So maybe just talk us through any key changes to the operating outlook for the back half of the year, key margin drivers for the back half versus what you were expecting 90 days ago? I think you mentioned some additional efficiencies, maybe expand on that and just anything else you can call out? Thank you.
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On the -- nothing has really changed on the back half of the year versus how we originally planned the year. The one thing that did change, you'll notice for the quarter, we did flow through the beat in the second quarter through the year. And then based on some of the expense initiatives and cost savings initiatives, we gave an updated view of the efficiencies across the business. We're continuously looking for ways to be more productive, but it's even more important given the planned merchandise margin pressure from our branded strategy. So what you see is, we had a projection when we started the year, we're actually a bit ahead of that, and we flowed that through the back half guidance.
Mark Altschwager: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Lejuez: Thanks, guys. I think you said basket was up, curious if you could maybe talk about AUR versus UPT? Also curious if you could share where you are right now on a dollar basis? What is the current AUR in the business, current basket size? And then second, just curious, I know you said your customer is under pressure, but I'm wondering if you noticed any change in your customer behavior in the second quarter versus the first quarter or how you were thinking your customer might behave when you gave guidance originally? Thanks.
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Paul. First, on the AUR for the quarter, the comp was driven by a combination of higher traffic and a higher basket. The average basket was slightly up as average unit retails were partially offset by fewer items per transaction. On the AUR, we're not focused on driving specific price points, but rather we're focused on offering a good, better -- good, better, best product assortment at a great value. We don't give specifics on the actual AUR or the basket. In terms of health of the consumer, I would say, based on our performance since it improved in the second quarter, what I would say, though, for us, it's obviously – we saw an improvement. But judging from industry reports, both in the first quarter and now year-to-date, the customer is clearly seeking value now, especially with, what I’d say, stubbornly persistent inflation on necessities and also an uncertain macro economy. As a result, now more than ever, we believe price value is critical for her when determining where to shop.
Q – Paul Lejuez: And did I hear right thing that AUR was up a little bit, UPT is down?
A – Michael Hartshorn: Yes, correct.
Q – Paul Lejuez: But can you just maybe tie that together with the focus on value, providing the customer more value. Is there a mix impact to that AUR? Just curious what would explain it being higher as you offer more value?
A – Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Paul. It’s about – it aligns with our branded strategy. Again, we’re focused on providing more brands at a great value, and that’s led to the slight increase in AUR.
Q – Paul Lejuez: Got it. Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking our question. Congrats on a great quarter. I guess just on the -- maybe you could unpack that merch margin for us a little bit more. I thought at one point that the pure product margin was planned to have the most year-over-year pressure in the second quarter, since I think you started rolling out some of the merchandise strategy in the back half of last year. I know you do include promotion in that line. So maybe just unpack that a little bit for us. And if that your product margin pressure is better or worse as you get into the second half? And then separately, I know you always speak to about a point of upside on the same-store sales, driving about 10 or 15 basis points of leverage. I think you guys got about 70 basis points on the 1 point beat to the top end there. Maybe you could break down the contributors there to the favorability and maybe any thoughts on why that wouldn't continue in the back half? Or if you do think if there is a better flow-through opportunity?
Michael Hartshorn: Just to start with the flow-through. The upside was obviously driven by sales. And to your point, that's about 10 to 15 basis points for every point in sale. But we also saw a better improvement on some of the expense initiatives and cost initiatives we have in the business. And so based on that, that's the upside that we forecasted in the back half of the year.
Adam Orvos: Yes, Michael, this is Adam. I'll jump in on the margin side of the question, right? We did start our efforts at the end of last year, but really the step-up was this year, right? And that's why you saw gradual pressure in Q1. We were about 15 bps worse than the prior year, but some of that, we still had some residual ocean freight benefit that was helping that number in Q1. We reported the 80 basis points in Q2. And as I mentioned, as we continue to increase that penetration of brands and going after more brands, we'll see additional pressure in the back half.
Michael Binetti: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Straton: Great. Thanks all for taking the question. Congrats on a nice quarter. Just on expense and cost savings that you say you're finding and you expect more in the back half. Can you just give us a little bit more color around some examples of what those are? And are they more COGS benefits or SG&A benefits or both? Thanks a lot.
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. Just to talk through, I guess, a couple of examples. We're certainly leveraging automation in the DCs. We continue to make improvements there, and throughout the business, including DCs and stores. Just to give you a couple of examples in the DCs. We've implemented automated vehicles to move inventory, robots to build cartons as well as automated systems to sort inventory to the stores -- at the store, which would be an SG&A and not COGS. We have a number of things to augment the work for associates. We piloted self-checkout in select locations. We have introduced new handheld devices to check inventory, to take markdowns into managed tasks and stores and are currently rolling out flexible scheduling that will help us be more productive in the stores.
Adam Orvos: And Alex, building on that a bit, we've found efficiencies in multiple parts of the P&L. I'd probably speak to domestic freight as being one primary example, where given what we're seeing from our rate structure and our contracted rates, a little bit of help from fuel costs. We thought it made sense to flow that through specifically in the back half.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good afternoon. Can you quantify the merchandise margin decline that you're expecting in the second half? And are there additional operating efficiencies available to offset any further merch margin pressure into next year?
Adam Orvos: Lorraine, this is Adam. We're not quantifying the amount of the merchandise margin impact other than just saying it will -- we expect it to be higher than the 80 basis points that we reported in Q2. I think, offsets that we'll have in the back half, I just commented on domestic freight. That's probably the primary category. Michael touched on distribution cost and our improvement there. That would be another category. As we've experienced so far in the first half, because we're up against still a significant year from a profitability standpoint. So we expect to have -- with these projections, some good news in incentive costs as we move into the back half, I would say those are probably the biggest moving parts in terms of offsets to the merchandise margin.
Michael Hartshorn: And Lorraine, it's at this point, too early to talk about 2025. We're just starting to go through our budget process for next year.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey with the Telsey Advisory Group. Please proceed with your question.
Dana Telsey: Hi. Good afternoon everyone. As you think about the ladies business, the home business, any updates on their performance and your focus, Barbara, on brands in each of those businesses? And in mind of this focus on value, how are you thinking about pricing as we move forward into the back half of the year? Thank you.
Barbara Rentler: Sure. So on the ladies business, we're obviously -- that's one of our focuses in terms of shifting our assortments, getting more branded, adding more values because the ladies business, as you know, is critical to the entire business. So again, we've learned -- we keep learning as we're going, adding a lot of new vendors, trying different values. And so, that's just going to kind of continue ladies and we're going to adjust as we need to as we go. The value equation, I would -- we've got value in pricing. When we talk value on pricing, I'm most afraid to say it. So our focus in all of it is on the value. The value compared to out the door and other retailers, the value, depending upon what segment I'm in, whether I promotional department store or [indiscernible], we're focused on the value not so much the price. In home, the home business isn't as branded obviously in the outside world as ladies or men's or even kids for example. So in the home business, we're really more focused on specific businesses where it is branded in the outside world. So we want to make sure that we're -- again, we have a good compare when you're comparing against a brand. We'd be able to have a good compare so that we could go in and show again -- show really incredible value to the customer because the value strategy is our market share strategy. I mean, where we're figuring it out and every business is at different points in the process. But what we figuring it out is, it is really driving sales. So we're just going to continue to do it. In terms of absolute pricing, we're not really planning an AUR. We're really planning a value. Now with that, we will have good, better, best brands in the assortment because we don't want to alienate any customers. So we want to make sure we still have a broad assortment of price points, where we have a broad assortment of products in the stores. So we don't want to lose that because that's an important part of the treasure hunt. But in terms of absolute pricing, as Michael said before, we're not planning specific AUR. So really looking at the outside world and comparing that. Recognizing in front of us, we can see now as retailers are reporting their sales and talking about promoting going forward. We'll run through that same drill the merchants do all the time, competitive shop, track outdoor pricing, out-the-door pricing and follow that same path. But it really -- it really is a value strategy. You want her to come in and to feel like she got a really an incredible deal every day of the week. So again, different businesses at different points in the journey, but that's kind of where we are at this moment.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Brooke Roach: Good afternoon and thank you for taking our question. Barbara, can you talk to the level and quality of inventory available in the marketplace today? Are you seeing any additional opportunities for new vendor partnerships. And are you seeing inventory opportunities come in at a better mark on rate for margins? Thank you.
Barbara Rentler: So in terms of just inventory availability, the ability remains favorable. It's pretty broad-based, as I would normally say some businesses having more than others, but it's still out there. In terms of quality itself. One is just availability. One is the quality of availability. Again, it's kind of in all the brands here of products that there are. Brooke, what was the second question you said?
Brooke Roach: Whether or not you're getting new vendors?
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Yes. In terms of vendors, vendors are -- first of all, we're out expanding on our vendor base. That's one part of our adding value into the mix. Vendors are -- we're definitely adding new vendors to answer your question, and vendors are actually with business being challenging, particularly in certain segments of the market, vendors are looking to build relationships and to do more business. And so with that, obviously, cost price as a sector is certainly a sector that is continuing to do more business. And so, I would say we're -- from that -- the total package together, we're probably in the right place at the right time in terms of going out to add new vendors and to build out these relationships.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Bob Drbul with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Drbul: Hi. Good afternoon. Just a couple of questions, quick ones. Can you talk a little bit about shrink and sort of how it's performing within your business? And -- just wondering if you could comment on California stores and just sort of how they're doing versus the chain? And I guess the third one that I'd be curious about, just like labor and wage rates and wage pressures that you're seeing throughout your chain? Thanks.
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. So let me -- I'll take all of these. So shrink, let's start with shrink. It continues to be what I'd say, a very difficult retail theft environment, and we're certainly not immune to that. We have and we'll continue to invest in loss prevention initiatives to hold that shrink at bay. But frankly, we're also focused on our own execution of the measures we do have in place today. We will true-up shrink in the third quarter, and our guidance at this point assumes some deterioration from last year. On comps geographically. So for -- as we said in the commentary, geographic was fairly broad-based. For our largest market, California outperformed the chain, while Florida was in line, Texas was slightly below the chain average, and that was partially due to the impact from Hurricane Beryl that rolled through during the quarter. On wages, I would say, generally speaking, wages in our stores and DCs are relatively stable. Most of the wage increases this year have been related to statutory wage increases in certain markets and states. And so, what you see from us is most of the wage, we'll continue to take a market-by-market approach to staffing and where appropriate, we'll adjust wages if we need to. You heard Adam talked earlier about productivity in the DCs, part of that productivity improvement is due to a very stable labor market in the DC sector, which means lower turnover for us and more productivity from the more tenured associates.
Robert Drbul: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Adrienne Yih with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Adrienne Yih: Great. Thank you very much. Let me add my congratulations. Barbara, I was wondering if you can talk about just what you're seeing in your target consumer behavioral patterns. Obviously, we've heard a lot that things are going back to kind of pre-pandemic, the highs when the traffic days are very high, the lows are a little bit quieter, buying closer to need. If you can talk a little bit about that. And then as the promotional or the environment gets more promotional at retail, is your strategy to be even -- to maintain the spread, your historical spread? Or do you want to get a little bit even sharper still to be able to drive incremental market share gains? Thank you.
Michael Hartshorn: On the traffic patterns, we haven't seen a significant change. Certainly, the events are more important. But as far as traffic during the quarter or during the week or during the weekends or towards events. We haven't seen a significant shift.
Barbara Rentler: And as the environment gets more promotional, we don't have a, I would say, a standard historical spread. What the merchants do is, they're outcome shopping they're seeing what's going on, they're monitoring what's happening. And sometimes when you're doing that, you have to also anticipate where you think a retailer is going to go and especially going to [indiscernible]. But -- so we don't have a historical read. We're going to price it as sharply as we possibly can price it. So we're going to look at that. We're going to make those decisions -- educated decisions. But with that, we're seeing that this value strategy is really the path for us. So we'll do it, obviously, the way we have historically done in terms of process and then be setting the value that we think is really strong.
Adrienne Yih: And then one clarifying question on the AUR and the branded aspect of it, how much more branded product do you have -- however you want to characterize it, this year over the last. And the AUR on the brands is higher, but are the merch margins relatively flat? Are they lower just because it's branded product? I'm just curious how the -- what the merch margin match the AUR direction? Thank you.
Adam Orvos: Adrienne, this is Adam. I'll jump in. We wouldn't speak to kind of the mix of our business, how much is branded and non-branded. But the merchandise margin pressure that I spoke to is all related to the brand strategy and that step-up in penetration.
Adrienne Yih: Okay. Fantastic. Thank you. Very helpful. Best of luck.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Irwin Boruchow: Hi, everyone. Just a quick question, I guess, for me on the branded strategy. Clearly, it's successful. The comps you guys have been up late last year and early this year are pretty robust. I guess just at a high level, I know you're not going to give us your plans for 2025 and beyond. But is this a strategy that has multiyear duration? Is this more of a strategy that you kind of unlock it, you just let it ride as it is? I'm just kind of curious is there a step functions to it as we kind of move forward in terms of mix without quantifying that? So just at a high level, I would be curious.
Barbara Rentler: I think we're still learning on the brand strategy. What the right mix, what the right penetrations are by business. So I don't think we could quite answer that today. Obviously, our goal is to drive top line sales. But we got a lot of learning so far. We had a lot of learnings in spring. I'm sure we'll have more learnings for fall. And we're going to build off the success of those learnings based on what the customer is telling us.
Irwin Boruchow: Got it. Thanks, Barbara.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. Please proceed with your question.
Marni Shapiro: Hi, guys, congratulations on the quarter. I was curious if we can talk about the kids business for a minute. The assortments have looked really good in the stores, especially some of the [indiscernible] assortments, which has been tough. Is the -- are the recent trends inclusive of back-to-school. And if not, is -- can you give us any kind of side line into what back-to-school look like in August? And then I know you talked about customers not changing their behavior or not buying closer to need. I'm curious if you're seeing any delay in their purchasing on big seasonal items like a back-to-school or seasonal holidays like July 4 or Halloween or anything like that? Thank you.
Barbara Rentler: Okay. First of all, thank you for the compliment on Kids, [indiscernible]. Look, at this point, we're not going to talk about back-to-school because clearly, we're still in it. So there's still some in front of us as we go. In terms of delays in purchasing, I mean, you know there were some slight calendar timing shift. What I would say in terms of I'm buying it ware now, I'm buying some stuff ware now like [indiscernible] short scenario. I'm going to buy a new [indiscernible] to get to go back to school in. I think we've seen that go on for a couple of years now. I think you have to [indiscernible] mix and make a conversion. So I think actually, if we would use that example of short -- denim shorts and long denim, they're actually both performing pretty well. And I think that has to do perhaps with the balance of the amount that we actually own. But kids still go back to school and shorts need that kind of that one last set and then the trick is to get [indiscernible] too much.
Marni Shapiro: Great. And too early to tell on things like July 4, did they buy [indiscernible] blue, very late or Halloween you're not seeing a change there. How people come into the store. And sometimes in the past, I feel like we've seen customers buy really far in advance of holidays. But lately, I've been hearing from -- seeing just in stores that there's more of like a mad rush the week before whatever that event is, if that makes sense?
Barbara Rentler: So you're saying, Halloween had sold much earlier three years ago than itself today. I think it depends on what the events this morning. I think certain things -- certain holidays can sell early and go all the way through and then some people, it's not quite as top of line and buy it at the end. But that moves -- that can move the year-to-year. I'm not quite frankly, that also has a lot to do with the assortment that you put on the floor, how good it is whether it's....
Marni Shapiro: Yes. That make sense. Best of luck with fall, guys.
Adam Orvos: Thank you
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of John Kernan with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
John Kernan: Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a great quarter. So Adam, when you think about the long-term margin potential of the business, there's been some tremendous flow-through on the three comp in Q1 and now the four comp in Q2. To the bottom line, how do you think about the long-term operating margin structure of the business? You've been as high as 14% in the past. Obviously, there's been a lot of wage inflation and supply chain inflation. I'm just wondering what's the ceiling for this business from a long-term margin perspective?
Adam Orvos: John, I'd say nothing's changed, right? We still think an additional point of comp gives us 10 to 15 basis points of margin expansion and that really hasn't changed. The long term -- where do we get to long term, we need to keep on delivering outsized comp sales gains. That's really going to be the primary driver, right? And then there's -- I guess, the other variable is, how does some of the inflationary pieces play out? What if fuel rates look like long term, et cetera, is probably the biggest moving part coupled with wages. And do they continue to stay in somewhat of a stabilized environment. So those are probably the biggest things from a long-term standpoint.
John Kernan: That makes sense. Just a quick follow-up. There's been a fair amount of immigration in the last several years. You've got a lot of stores in some of those border states. Have you seen a customer seeking value and benefited from that population growth in a lot of those states?
Michael Hartshorn: Specifically, as it relates to border stores, I mean, California and Texas have gone back and forth as being strong, strong drivers of growth over the years. You saw in the quarter, for instance, California outperformed, Texas underperformed. It's kind of been like that over the past few years. Certainly, we do very well on the border with cross-border traffic that's some of our best and highest volume stores, but immigration specifically, I don't think we could point to across broad swaps of the regions.
John Kernan: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Aneesha Sherman with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Aneesha Sherman: Thank you and congrats on the good quarter. So Barbara, last quarter, you talked about apparel having underperformed for a while. Now it's in line with chain. As you go into Q3, are you happy now with where you are on the brand's assortment? Or do you see continued progress even in season between Q3 and Q4 as you get through the back half of the year? And then I have a quick follow-up, Adam or Michael, on the incentive comp. You've now beat plan for two quarters. Based on your current raised guidance for the back half, do you expect to still see incentive accruals benefit in the back half? Or do you see that benefit gradually moderating based on the performance so far? Thanks.
Barbara Rentler: In terms of apparel underperformance and now apparel being in line with the chain, apparel is in line with the chain. Ladies, however, is still below the chain average. So in all the areas, we're expecting to see more progress in apparel as the year goes on. So we're building upon the learnings, building upon the things that the customer is voting for. And so I think that's going to be for the next six months for all it takes us to really truly understand it. But in grand total, it was in line. But as you know, Children's outperformed. So Ladies underperformed.
Adam Orvos: And Aneesha, on the incentive piece, with the guidance that we're providing, we would still expect to see some incentive benefits. So again, it's we're going up year in 2023 where we significantly exceeded our financial plans, while we feel good about how we're tracking. We're up against a really outsized year.
Aneesha Sherman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Corey Tarlowe with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Corey Tarlowe: Great. Thanks. Barbara, I think you mentioned in response to a prior question that you're expanding the number of vendors that you have. Is there any way to put into historical context what the amount of new vendors you're adding might look like versus history? And if there's any incremental buying expense or people that you had to bring on to accommodate that?
Barbara Rentler: I mean -- I really -- I can't give you a specific number. And quite frankly, when it comes to vendors, some vendors go out of business, some people go in business or adding more vendors. So it's really hard for me to quantify to -- quantify that for you.
Corey Tarlowe: Okay. Understood. And then just as it relates to shoes, is there any way you could talk about within the category, what you saw in lifestyle or athletic shoes versus brown shoes perhaps?
Barbara Rentler: Sure. First of all, shoes underperformed the chain, but was up against a very, very large comp. I think it was a little mixed on the way into the season. Athletic overall has been pretty good. As has active meet certainly some brands better than others. But overall, athletic and active has been good. It's been a little bit more mixed on brown shoes depending upon for woman’s, ladies or kids. But we did see the run-up in flat handles, we did see block yields. We did see the sandal things take off. And we're a little bit more strategic in our transition as we're going into fall because last year we slowed foots early. And they did not perform early. And this year, we made a shift in timing.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jay Sole with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you. My question is about international. Some of your competitors have talked about maybe doing deals or they have announced deals with off-price retailers in international markets. Have you explored that? I mean what are your thoughts about Ross expanding into international markets?
Michael Hartshorn: Good question. I wouldn't comment on the deals. But for us, we have -- we're a 2,100 stores. We think we can grow 2,900 Ross, 700 dd's, plenty of room to grow in the U.S., and our focus is on growing that store base profitably over the next number of years. So that's where we're putting our energy and our focus.
Jay Sole: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Loop Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Laura Champine: Thanks for taking my question. You called out additional efficiencies benefiting your EPS guide in the back half and then gave some examples of those. How long is the tail there? Meaning, is this part of a longer-term program that will benefit earnings and margins into next year? Or should we just see the positive benefit of lapping in the first half and then it flattens out?
Michael Hartshorn: I'd answer that in a couple of different ways. First, these are -- they're not -- there's a number of initiatives and they all have different timing. Some will go into next year, some will help us in the next year. Some will run out this year. But then we have the next generation of efficiencies that we'll work on for next year as well. As we said, long term, we think we can continue to gradually grow EBIT margin at a 3% to 4% comp, and that hasn't changed.
Laura Champine: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: There are no more questions at this time. And I would like to turn the floor back over to Barbara Rentler for any closing comments.
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-22 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores First Quarter 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management, followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2023 Form 10-K and fiscal 2024 Form 8-Ks on file with the SEC.  
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President, Chief Operating Officer; Adam Orvos, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with a review of our first quarter 2024 results, followed by our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 
 As noted in today's press release, though we had hoped to do better, first quarter sales were still in line with our guidance despite macroeconomic headwinds that continue to pressure our customers' discretionary spending. Earnings results for the period were better than expected, primarily due to lower expenses relative to our plan. Total sales grew 8% to $4.9 billion, up from $4.5 billion last year, while comparable store sales rose 3%. Earnings per share were $1.46 on net earnings of $488 million for the 13 weeks ended May 4, 2024. These results compare to earnings per share of $1.09 on net income of $371 million for the 13 weeks ended April 29, 2023. 
 Accessories and children's were the strongest merchandise areas during the quarter while California and the Pac Northwest were the top-performing regions. dd's DISCOUNTS sales trends in the first quarter were ahead of Ross as shoppers responded favorably to its improved value offering. In the newer markets, we are in the process of updating the assortments to better address the different tastes and preferences of this diverse customer base. We will continue to make ongoing adjustments over time to better position dd's for the future. 
 At quarter-end, total consolidated inventories were up 10% versus last year while average store inventories were up 4% at the end of the quarter due to the 53rd week calendar shift. Packaway merchandise represented 41% of total inventories versus 42% last year. 
 Turning to store growth. We opened 11 new Ross and 7 dd's DISCOUNTS locations in the first quarter. We continue to plan for approximately 90 new stores this year, comprised of about 75 Ross and 15 dd's. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 to 15 older stores. 
 Now Adam will provide further details on our first quarter results and additional color on our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2024. 
Adam Orvos: Thank you, Barbara. As previously mentioned, our comparable store sales were up 3% for the quarter, primarily driven by an increase in traffic. First quarter operating margin of 12.2% was up 205 basis points from 10.1% in 2023. This improvement was due to lower distribution, incentive and freight costs that were partially offset by the planned merchandise margin decline. 
 Cost of goods sold during the period improved by 140 basis points. Distribution costs levered by 75 basis points while buying improved by 50 basis points. Domestic freight improved by 30 basis points, and merchandise margin declined by 15 basis points as pressure from offering more sharply priced brands was partially offset by lower ocean freight costs. 
 SG&A for the period levered by 65 basis points, mainly due to higher sales. In addition, SG&A benefited from lower incentives versus last year when we significantly outperformed our plans. During the first quarter, we repurchased 1.9 million shares of common stock for an aggregate cost of $262 million under the new 2-year $2.1 billion authorization approved by our Board of Directors in March of this year. We remain on track to buy back a total of $1.05 billion in stock during 2024. 
 Now let's discuss our outlook for the remainder of 2024. Ongoing uncertainty in today's macroeconomic and geopolitical environments, including prolonged inflation, continue to squeeze our low to moderate income customers' purchasing power. As a result, we will remain especially focused on delivering a wide assortment of branded values throughout our stores. For the 13 weeks ending August 3, 2024, comparable sales are forecast to be up 2% to 3%. Second quarter 2024 earnings per share are projected to be $1.43 to $1.49 versus $1.32 for the 13 weeks ended July 23, 2023.  
 Our guidance assumptions for the second quarter of 2024 include the following. Total sales are forecast to increase 5% to 7% versus the prior year. We expect to open 24 locations in the second quarter, including 21 Ross and 3 dd's locations. If same-store sales perform in line with our forecast, operating margin for the second quarter is projected to be in the 11.5% to 11.8% range compared to 11.3% in 2023. Higher sales and lower incentive and distribution costs are expected to be partially offset by a decline in merchandise margin as we build on our efforts to offer more sharply priced brands. We expect net interest income to be approximately $37 million. The tax rate is projected to be about 25%, and diluted shares outstanding are expected to be approximately 332 million. 
 Now turning to the full year. Based on our first quarter results and forward guidance, comparable store sales for the 52 weeks ending February 1, 2025, remain unchanged at up 2% to 3%. We now project earnings per share for the 52 weeks ending February 1, 2025, to be in the range of $5.79 to $5.98 compared to $5.56 for the 53 weeks ended February 3, 2024. This guidance range includes an approximate $0.02 per share favorable impact from the timing of expenses that benefited the first quarter. As a reminder, fiscal 2023 earnings per share included a benefit of approximately $0.20 from the 53rd week. 
 Now I will turn the call back to Barbara Rentler for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Adam. While overall sales were respectable in the first quarter, there remains uncertainty in the external environment, including prolonged inflation, that continue to pressure discretionary spending from our low to moderate income customers. As a result, it's more important than ever that we remain focused on delivering the best branded values that we can possibly offer. In addition, we'll continue to manage inventory expenses tightly in order to maximize sales and earnings growth over the balance of the year. 
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Barbara, I wanted to follow up on the efforts to offer more sharply priced products to your customers. Were you pleased with the initial results in the first quarter? Do you think it led to market share gain? And what's the margin implication of your plans to build on this initiative? 
Barbara Rentler: So let me start with, just on the whole, our progress. We feel like in the first quarter, we made progress on our initiatives. And so we're still at the early stages of it, but we feel like it's a good place to be. 
 In terms of do we think we gained market share from that, at this point, I don't really think we could determine whether we think that's the case. 
 And in terms of the sharply priced initiatives, we feel like -- well, Lorraine, just say that piece again so I make sure I answer that piece of that sharply priced correctly. 
Lorraine Maikis: I just wanted to hear about the go-forward margin implication of your plans to build on the initiative. 
Adam Orvos: Yes. Lorraine, this is Adam. I'll jump in on that. So higher-quality branded merchandise will typically carry lower margins relative to lower quality, less recognizable brands. So as we move through the year, this will be pressured throughout the year, but will be even more so in the back half of fiscal 2024 as we continue to make further progress on this, as Barbara talked about. We really feel like long term, this is the right thing for us to do to position us to capture market share going forward. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti with Evercore ISI. 
Michael Binetti: Congrats on a great quarter. And I don't know if Michael is in the room, but Michael or Adam jump ball. Is 3% same-store sales growth, 200 basis points of EBIT margin the new normal algorithm? And if not, can you walk us through -- you mentioned lower expenses relative to plan. Can you just help us think about the puts and takes on gross margin and SG&A for the rest of the year? I'm assuming you'll -- I'm assuming we're not levering 200 basis points on 3% going forward. So maybe just help us understand within the context of the 2% to 3% guidance, what base that was so helpful in the quarter and what rolls off a little bit.  
 And then maybe -- it seems like dd's improved a lot more than you thought if it was above Ross, just 90 days after you telling us you had to make some adjustments to the assortment there and some of the stores performing below what you thought. Maybe just some thoughts on dd's and what's going on with the lower-income consumer. 
Adam Orvos: I'll take the first part, Mike. I appreciate the spirit of your question, but you're right. So domestic -- so let me just kind of walk through all the parts, right? So the EPS beat and operating margin benefit, lower distribution costs. 
 So we had higher productivity in our distribution centers. We opened a new facility in Houston a couple of years ago. So that's getting fully ramped up. So that's providing productivity benefits. I would say on the DC cost front, the hiring environment and the retention environment is favorable. And we've also made investments in productivity in the distribution centers. And then lastly on that front, I'd say that the $0.02 of benefit that we talked about in timing is largely packaway benefit that kind of impacts the DC cost. 
 We had better -- as expected, we had better domestic freight costs in the quarter. I would expect that to continue through the balance of the year at somewhat -- it'll be a little bit choppy, but at somewhat similar levels. We went through a bidding process, felt good about those results. As we sit here today, fuel slightly helping us versus last year. 
 And then as we've talked about for some time, incentives. Some good news in Q1, that'll be winded our back through the balance of the year. So even though we had strong profitability into Q1, we're still up against 2023 where we significantly outperformed our plans. 
Michael Hartshorn: Michael, there's one other nuance in the first quarter. The -- because your sales are based on a fiscal basis, your comps are on a restated. There's an outsized impact between your total sales and your comp sales because of that disconnect that corrects itself through the year. So we actually get higher leverage in the first quarter. Longer term, though, we would still expect the leverage at 3% to 4%. 
 On dd's, as we said in the commentary, sales trends were ahead of Ross. That's due, in part, to the easier prior year comparisons, but also shoppers responded favorably to our improved value offerings. I would say we're just at the beginning stages of making merchandise adjustments there to improve the value offerings. And while we're encouraged by the initial customer response, it's still very, very early. 
Michael Binetti: One point of clarification. Is that -- did the efficiencies from the DC costs ramping, does that continue with us after first quarter through the year? 
Adam Orvos: Likely stays with us through the balance of the year. But not -- just clarifying, not at the level we saw in Q1, right? So the Q1 number that we reported is -- it has the benefit of the packaway timing right? So that's -- step back that in a tangible way. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on another nice quarter. So Barbara, could you speak to current health of your core consumer today? Or any changes in your view relative to 3 months ago? 
 And then just on cadence, could you speak to traffic versus basket trends as the quarter progressed? And just your confidence in similar performance in the second quarter and the back half of the year. 
Michael Hartshorn: Matthew, that's a lot to take in, but I'll start with the health of the consumer. I would say it's hard to say on the health of the consumer. There's clearly a lot of uncertainty in the macro economy. The silver lining for our business is the customer is seeking value more than ever, and we're in a position to deliver that. 
 In terms of cadence, as you know, we typically do not get into what the monthly cadence is. I would say that the performance during the quarter was choppy throughout the quarter with weather, the Easter calendar shift and tax refund timing. For us, even though weather was choppy during the quarter, it was relatively neutral for the entire quarter. 
Adam Orvos: And on the comp components, average basket was up slightly. So we had higher AUR driven by a higher mix of brands and is partially offset by lower units per transaction. 
Barbara Rentler: And on the health of the consumer go forward, look, our low to moderate income consumer is still being squeezed, I mean, prolonged deflation, macroeconomic environment. I think our job to drive sales is for us to continue to offer really the best possible branded bargains that we can. The value that she really wants because she really does want to buy a brand, better quality, better product, but she needs to have it at a price that she really can afford. 
 And I think if we continue to deliver on that as our strategy progresses, as we go throughout the year, I think we'll probably define. I think that's an important component for her because she does want to continue to shop and do things, but she's got to find a place where she can get -- really get what she needs because I don't foresee anyone thinking that the pressure on that customer is going to be any different. 
 So it's really the pressure is more on us to execute at a higher level. And I -- so far, we're, I would say, happy with the progress that we've made on the brand offerings, but we still have a long way to go. So if we continue to execute at a high level, again, I think the health of the customer, which will be challenging, I think we'll still be able to service her. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: Maybe following up on that last comment. You delivered at the high end of your guidance, but you did comment that you hoped to do better. Have you identified any low-hanging fruit from an execution standpoint in the quarter? Or is the delta versus what you may have hoped for more a function of the external environment being kind of less accommodating for you? 
 And then separately, I was hoping you could speak to the current buying environment, generally, availability across the good, better, best. And as you continue to lean into this value strategy, are the merchants finding any greater ability to offset the margin pressure than maybe you initially thought a few months ago? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. In terms of the sales, our apparel business in Q1 did not perform below the chain. So as we go forward, if we continue to execute at a higher level and continue with our brand strategy, our apparel business, as we go forward, should improve as it historically improves as you get to quarters 2, 3 and 4. So that's the one piece of our business that, in Q1, we were not as happy with and recognize that we have more progress to make, more things to accomplish, and that's a focus for us. 
 So in terms of everything working perfect, I don't believe there's, I would call, low-hanging fruit. I think the whole thing with sales is really going to be about how we execute and how we make the strategic moves we want to make, because the strategies by business of where we are on the brand increases and the penetration is not the same within the company. So some areas have more opportunity as we increase our brands, and some areas, much further along in that strategy because some of those strategies really started at the back end of '23, which is what drove a lot of our '23 business and gave us the courage to go forward and to expand on the strategy. So as we go again, as we go along, we would think that, that would help to improve our sales. 
 In terms of the buying environment, there's absolutely this merchandise availability, as it usually is, and it's pretty broad-based. As usual, there are some businesses that have more availability than others. That's just the natural kind of ebb and flow of the entire scenario. 
 And then just repeat the part about the value. What's the part about value part of your question? 
Mark Altschwager: Yes. Are you finding any -- are the merchants finding any greater opportunity to kind of offset the margin pressure than maybe you thought a few months ago? 
Barbara Rentler: Well -- look, if the merchants are getting better deals, we're passing it along to the customer because we really believe that offering her good quality, branded products at sharp prices is very important for us to be able to really satisfy the customer when she's really under -- she's under pressure. So we would pass that along to the consumer. So that's really what -- that's really how we're thinking about it at this point. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Curious what you'd attribute to the dd's outperformance to, clearly, a nice surprise today. And then just as a quick follow-up, any thoughts on the home category performance? 
Michael Hartshorn: Chuck, on the -- on dd's, as I said, part of the performance was against easier prior year comparisons than Ross. But we do believe that we've started making adjustments, and the customer is responding. And I'll just repeat, we think we're at the very early stages of making the merchandise adjustments we need to make. So we'll see how it progresses through the year. 
Barbara Rentler: At a high level, the merchants improved the value offerings that they had, whether it's different assortments, broader assortments, better quality, better products. So I think we've taken our first step forward there. And to Michael's point, we feel like there's room for us to improve. And if we continue to improve, even this low-income customer, if we can satisfy her, we should define.
 And in terms of the home category, home outperformed the company. So there are puts and takes in the home business right now with some businesses that are stronger than others. And -- but overall, it outperformed, and we still see a lot of opportunity in our home business based on the size of it and the categories that we're in. But overall, there are some businesses that are softer than others. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. 
Alexandra Straton: Great. Maybe for Barbara, what KPIs are you focused on as you're assessing if some of these value initiatives are working or if they're worth rolling out more across the chain? 
Barbara Rentler: The way we're thinking about this is we are actually building the margins the way we see them. We have a merchandise strategy. We've developed a value strategy by type of product, and we then went in and figured out what the margins would be. So at this stage of the game, as you know, we've lowered our margins to be able to get those values on the floor to satisfy the customer and to gain market share. This whole thing is about us gaining market share. So at this point in time, where our strategy is to pass along the values as we get them. And so I wouldn't say it's quite as rigid as, last year, my margin was X and I've got to plan to Y. It's not. It's a strategy we want to execute. 
 And so we've put together, again, all the metrics based off of what we want, the products we want on the floor, the values we want on the floor, and so that we're satisfying the customer because that is the gains to market share. So right now, it's built up bottom up. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez with Citi. 
Tracy Kogan: It's Tracy Kogan filling in for Paul. I just wanted to clarify if -- was anything within cost of good meaningfully favorable to your plan? Or was it primarily an SG&A beat?
 And then I know you mentioned you expect lower margins on these more recognizable brands. But I'm wondering if you build in any benefit from having faster inventory turns or lower markdowns because the customers -- these are brands that customers want? 
Michael Hartshorn: Within the cost of goods sold, Tracy, freight is included in our cost of goods sold, and we did see favorability. 
Adam Orvos: Yes, and the DC cost. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of what we've built in because they're recognizable brands, they turn quickly. But quite frankly, we turn everything quickly. So in terms of a benefit just purely out of turn, I don't see that as one of our levers in terms of markdowns. I think the markdowns will be reasonable based on the brands that they are, the value they are, the retailers they are. And so again, we have gone in and we built that bottom up. 
 So we didn't go in and say that we have any expectations that certain things are going to turn a certain weeks of supply because, remember, we're in a process here. So we're learning, right? So we're -- as we're going, it's evolving, and we're fine-tuning what we're doing. Our expectation would be, yes, that our turns will continue to improve. But with that, we didn't build with a specific turn expectation. And again, the company turns everything very quickly. So our expectations on this would be level set based off of what we think the customer will accept. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Great, and nice quarter. Barbara, my question is on the packaway. The 41%, I believe, was this quarter. Typically, if I'm correct, that's typically short stay, I think. Can you comment on if you were being impacted by weather events as with TJX than most frontline retailers also would be? Are you seeing that short stay opportunity? And have you taken advantage of it to deploy in the second quarter, perhaps? 
Michael Hartshorn: Adrienne, just on -- before the packaway, packaway usually stays in about -- the average is about 4 months. That said, you could obviously use it for short stay if you needed to. 
Barbara Rentler: So in terms of you're asking are there closeout opportunities out there based off of tough weather across the country and as vendors move goods. I think some vendors are starting to move goods, and some vendors, depending upon what your cash flows look like, are still holding on to those goods because of everything that you're saying. The weather was a little bit tougher across the country, and they don't really need to move those goods today. If we were at June 15th, I might tell you something different. So I really think that goes back to who the vendor is, what their needs are, what their cash flow is, if they're a public -- it is a variety of things. 
 But at this point in time, have there been some closeouts? Yes, there's been some closeouts. But what you're saying, were there a big [ jugs ] of goods that we would short stay but was a great deal, absolutely, we would do that. But at this moment in time, we're a little early in the game. I don't think vendors are feeling that anxious about those products yet. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Bob Drbul with Guggenheim. 
Robert Drbul: Great quarter. I was just wondering if you could talk more on the geographic differences and -- within both Ross and dd's, if there was a big variation within your store base in terms of [indiscernible]. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Bob. I would only talk on a consolidated basis. But as we said in the commentary, the geographic performance was strongest in California and the Pacific Northwest. Both of those are areas that were impacted by poor weather last year, so easier compare perhaps. For our other largest markets, Texas was above the chain while Florida was just slightly below. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Simeon Siegel with BMO Capital Markets. 
Simeon Siegel: Just so recognizing the goal for the sharper prices, what is the implied AUR embedded within the comp guides that you've given? 
 And then just higher level, as you think about the challenges of the environment, but also perhaps the potential trade down into your business as you think about the market share, I guess how do you assess prioritizing the assortment of sharply priced brands versus maybe some better brands that are a little bit higher priced but still great value to bring people in? 
Michael Hartshorn: On AUR, I'd say we don't plan or focus on driving a specific price point. While it was up in the first quarter, our focus is on delivering the most compelling value as possible, which, as we said, we believe will drive sales and market share gains. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the sharper prices, I just want to be clear, the sharper prices are necessarily just in a goods -- in the goods. Sharper prices, I really should probably used word stronger values on the floor. So that's tiered up in all different -- each one of those tiers. It's not just we're looking for an opening. It's not an opening price point strategy. It's a value strategy, but the values, let's say, we offer perhaps 4, a type of product or 1 of those 3 buckets, we may have sharpened so that the customer is getting an even better deal, an even better value. So that's really how we're thinking about the strategy. I probably shouldn't be using the word price because I think everyone is finding that a little bit confusing. But is that the answer to your question? 
Simeon Siegel: Yes, that makes a lot of sense. Good clarification. So is that -- do you see that as an opportunity for a trade down for customers that were -- that you didn't otherwise have, not in your core, but in those that'll come lower, that'll trade down into you? 
Barbara Rentler: I mean, I think that's hard for us to measure. But I think the more brand that we get and the broader assortments we can offer, the more customers we'll get. We gain the -- our purpose here is to gain market share, right? And so gaining market share, you like to gain different customers. And so if we get more branded, have unbelievable values and get broader in assortments, that I would imagine would be the combination we need to gain more market share. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Unknown Analyst: This is [ Julianna ] on for Ike. On dd's specifically, given some improvements seen there, if perhaps that continues throughout the rest of the year, are there any thoughts on revising the real estate opportunity there, whether that's closures and more opening? 
Michael Hartshorn: It's a good question. I think right now, as you know, we slowed down growth specifically in the new markets. I think we'll have to see sustained trends before we reaccelerate growth in those newer markets. But if we see it, then we would do so. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: Barbara, I wanted to follow up on your comments about the opportunity that you see to improve the execution of apparel. Do you believe that the performance of the category is a function of weather or fashion execution? Or is this simply a function of being in the earlier stages of your sharper value-price strategy versus other categories? Just curious how you're thinking about implementing that, especially given some other companies that have invested more heavily in price in the full-price sector. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Look, weather, we didn't think of weather as a major component. It's always part of the component. And in Q1, our business in apparel, historically, has been very challenging. So we go into the quarter with a conservative plan, seeing how it works and then chase. That's what we've done for years. The early sharpened prices and in the assortment, our new strategy, I think we're at the beginning apparel, particularly in the ladies apparel, we're at the very early stages of that. 
 So I think in terms of an opportunity to improve, I think it's there because I think we -- the customer wants -- our apparel business has been challenging over the last few quarters, and the customer wants something different. And this is what she's voting on, and we can see -- although particularly in ladies at the beginning of the journey, we can see what she's voting on and what we need to build on. So I think there are opportunities to improve. I think there are some things that are tangible. I don't think it will be an overnight thing in ladies. As we know, ladies is naturally a challenging business, but I feel like there's things that we can build on at this point. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey with the Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about the offering of value in both concepts, Ross and dd's, is the magnitude of what you're working to do, does it differ by category in terms of the more intensified value, whether home or apparel? And does it differ at all by concept in terms of what you expect to change? 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. Let's start with -- so with Ross, the magnitude is different by category. Some businesses, by the nature of what they are, are more branded. Like shoes, for example, that's a highly branded business. Handbags is a highly branded business. Naturally, it's the highly branded business. And then I think as we go into different categories, we've set different targets of what that looks like based off of what's in the outside world, the brand -- just the brand strategies of everyone else and what that looks like and what we think that percent should be for us. So that is built with a strategy of what we believe it should be.
 Now I will tell you, as we're going through this, as you would expect and imagine, it evolves, right? So we learn and the customer is telling us, and we're going to keep learning and keep evolving. And so some of these businesses will take longer to go on. But some of the business naturally are different. If we move over to the home bucket, as you know, there are certain parts of the home that can be branded and then certain parts of homes that are not branded. So housewares is a very branded business. Bed and bath can be very branded. If you go into room decor and furniture and things like that, they're not necessarily branded. 
 So again, we built the entire company strategies by business, by -- in a good, better, best, what do we think it should look like? Where are we today? And where do we think we want to get to in our first path until the customer votes and really tells us? In which case, I'm sure that some things will accelerate more than what we originally expected, and maybe some things will be a little bit less than we originally expected. So that's kind of where we are on the Ross side. 
 On the dd's side, the dd's customer, that assortment isn't quite -- is not as -- it's not as branded as the Ross customer. But even in that assortment, you want to make sure that you're offering the customer different tiers. Their version of what might be best is a different tier than what the best at Ross. But what is stretched for that customer? And again, we want to make sure that the quality is good. The fashion's right, and the prices are sharp. So it's different -- the thought process is similar, but it's not the same in terms of execution because the models are not the same. The brands are not the same. Customer is not exactly the same. But thinking through it, as you would think that the value is the best bucket at dd's would not be as big as the best bucket at Ross could be. 
 But again, dd's, we're at the very beginning of where we're going with that. The performance, with improved value offerings this quarter, shows we're getting ourselves kind of back on track. We're up against easier compare. I understand that. But the merchants are now moving in a direction, and that, too, will have to seek its own level. 
 But the Ross side of the strategy is much more structured than on the dd's side since we also have other work, consumer work, that's going on about other things we need to do in that assortment, more broader in terms of satisfying some of her needs more necessarily than on the tiering of good, better, best. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Aneesha Sherman with Bernstein. 
Aneesha Sherman: So your comp guidance of 2% to 3% through the year is an acceleration versus this quarter and whether you look at it on a 1-year basis or a 2-year stack or even versus 2019. Can you talk about what drives your confidence in that acceleration? Is it about these changes you're making to assortment in pricing? Or is it around macro or something else? 
 And then a quick follow-up for Adam. You didn't mention wages as a headwind. Are you happy with where you are on wages at stores and DCs? And do you see that being a continued area of investment? Or are you good where you are now? 
Michael Hartshorn: Aneesha, on the guidance, I mean I would say it's our best assessment of where the business is and the merchandising plans we have to further increase the branded bargains we offer as we progress through the year. As you know and as you look at the stack comps, we have, for many years now, had stronger comps beyond the first quarter. So we believe we plan the business appropriately based on what we know. 
 On wages, I would say, generally speaking, wages on our stores and DCs are relatively stable. In fact, part of the productivity improvements in the DCs in the first quarter is lower turnover, which mean we had more tenured associates and they were more productive. So I think we feel good about the -- where we are with wages. And like we always have, we'll take a market-by-market approach. And where we need to raise wages, we will. 
Adam Orvos: But the pressure is still there from where we have to take statutory increases, right? And that's where we're -- as Michael said and as I said earlier, that's where we're working hard, to try to find offsets to them. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Loop Capital Markets. 
Laura Champine: I wanted to check in on inventory as it grew faster than sales despite packaway actually being a little bit lower as a percentage of the mix. Is there some spring product in areas that had negative weather trends that maybe you're looking to sell through? Or if you could give us some thoughts there. 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of inventory, part of the increase, Laura, was that with the fiscal calendar, restated calendar at fiscal year-end, we were 1 month closer to Mother's Day where we tend to drive receipts. So that's why you see in-store inventory position up 4%. I'd say the other factor is we do have more goods in transit. Part of that is due to the Suez Canal, and we're going around the Horn of Africa. So that creates a little bit more of in-transit inventory coming into the country. 
Laura Champine: Is that like -- sorry. Sorry, Barbara. 
Barbara Rentler: Go ahead. No, go ahead, Laura. 
Laura Champine: I don't want to cut you off on that one. 
Barbara Rentler: No, no, no. I was going to -- I was going to pivot, so go back -- go back to Michael. 
Laura Champine: Okay. The Suez Canal issue, does that create a reversal in your positive freight costs as we move through the year? Or do you think that is going to be a benefit all year long? 
Michael Hartshorn: It's actually relatively flat for the rest of the year in terms of ocean freight, and we do have the -- we do have our contracts locked in at this point, including the Suez Canal shipments. 
Adam Orvos: We think ocean freight will be neutral the balance of the year and it's more of a transit time issue than a cost. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Nice quarter with traffic up again. And I'm curious if there's anything you could point to that's driving the increases in traffic. And also, I've noticed you guys -- that Ross stores, in general, has been a little bit more active on social media. You are showing -- or maybe you're just showing up in all my feeds. You're showing up on my For You page in TikTok actually. So I was curious if -- are the 2 things related potentially? Are you getting a younger shopper coming in? If you could just talk a little bit about that. 
Michael Hartshorn: Marni, we're just showing up in your feeds. No, our marketing strategy has stayed fairly consistent. We have -- like everybody else over the years, have shifted more of our media to digital from broadcast, and maybe that's what you're seeing because we have more of our marketing in digital channels. 
Marni Shapiro: Maybe. And the fact that I'm talking about you, my phone is listening to me. But are you getting -- are you seeing younger shoppers coming into the store? And are you getting new shoppers into the stores? 
Michael Hartshorn: I would say it's -- we've always done well with the younger customer, and we continue to do well with the younger customer. When we look at the performance, say, Q4 and Q1, it's been fairly broad-based across trade area demographics, and that includes income. So from an income standpoint, it's hard to pinpoint whether there's increasingly a trade-down customer. But what it does say is we're attracting a very broad customer base, which is good for us. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of John Kernan from TD Cowen. 
Alexander Douglas: This is Alex on for John. So I had one on gross margin. So how should we think about the quarterly sequencing of gross margin through fiscal '24 and any puts and takes there? 
 And then also related to that, it looks like you guys are still running a little below your pre-COVID gross margin run rate of 28%, 29%. Is that just due to the focus on sharper values? Or is there anything else that we should be thinking about there? 
Adam Orvos: Alex, so domestic freight, it was favorable in Q1; expected to be favorable, the balance of the year, assuming fuel stays where it is. We talked about distribution cost. Feel good about productivity levels, the hiring environment, we'd expect that to continue the balance of the year. Merchandise margin is probably the big call-out, that we were below last year in Q1 and expect that to get -- to be further below last year as we move through the quarter, as we get further into the branded strategy that Barbara spoke of. 
 I think back to the -- I guess, your pre-COVID question, still bullish on our ability to drive leverage, so again, anywhere between a 3% and a 4% comp. We believe we'll have operating margin leverage. It'll take -- to get back to pre-COVID levels, it'll take outsized comp sales growth. That's the most important variable. And I think the kind of the biggest variables are where fuel prices over time and assuming that wages continue to stabilize. 
Michael Hartshorn: The biggest difference is, though, in gross margin between pre-COVID levels are freight costs that spiked during COVID. They're still pretty sticky with driver wages, but we made progress last year. We're going to make progress again. And then the other big factor is in our distribution center with wages, and you see that at least in the first quarter, we had good productivity gains. So both of those, we believe, we can track back over time, again, depending on the macro economy when it comes to fuel prices on freight. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Barbara Rentler for any closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-03-04 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Ross Stores Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2022 Form 10-K and fiscal 2023 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC. 
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President, Chief Operating Officer; Adam Orvos, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with a review of our fourth quarter and 2023 performance followed by our outlook for 2024. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 
 As noted in today's press release, we are pleased with our fourth quarter sales and earnings results that were well ahead of our expectations. Our above-plan sales were driven by our customers' positive response to the improved assortments of quality branded bargains throughout our stores. Earnings per share for the 14 weeks ended February 3, 2024, were $1.82, up from $1.31 per share for the 13 weeks ended January 28, 2023. Net income for the period rose to $610 million versus $447 million last year. 
 Sales for the fourth quarter of 2023 grew to $6 billion, driven by robust comparable store sales gain of 7%. For the 2023 fiscal year, earnings per share were $5.56, up from $4.38 for the 52 weeks ended January 28, 2023. Net income for the fiscal 2023 was $1.9 billion compared to $1.5 billion last year. 
 Total sales for the year increased to $20.4 billion, up from $18.7 billion in the prior year period. Comparable store sales for the 52 weeks ended January 27, 2024, grew a solid 5%. As noted in our press release, the sales results for both the 2023 fourth quarter and fiscal year included a $308 million benefit from the 53rd week. Earnings per share for both periods also benefited from the extra week by approximately $0.20 per share. Fourth quarter operating margin grew 165 basis points to 12.4%, up from 10.7% in 2022. This improvement was mainly due to the strong gains in same-store sales and lower freight costs that were partially offset by higher incentives. The 53rd week also benefited operating margin by 80 basis points. 
 Now let's turn to additional details on our fourth quarter results. For the holiday selling season, cosmetics, home and Children's were the best-performing merchandise areas, while geographic results were broad-based. Dd's discount sales trends slightly trailed Ross' growth. While dd's top line results were respectable in fiscal 2023, we are disappointed with the performance in newer markets. 
 We are currently conducting an in-depth analysis of dd's to better understand and address the different wants and needs of their diverse customer base, particularly as we expand outside our current existing geographies. Until this work is completed, we believe it is wise over the near term to moderate dd's store growth in newer markets and focus new store openings, primarily in existing regions. 
 Now let's turn to inventory. As we ended the quarter and the year, consolidated inventories were up 8%. Average store inventories were up 9% compared to 2022's holiday period due primarily to the 53rd week shift. Packaway represented 40% of total inventories similar to last year. Regarding our store expansion program, we added 94 net new stores in 2023, including 71 Ross Stores, Ross Dress for Less and 23 dd's DISCOUNTS. We ended 2023 with 2,109 stores, including 1,764 Ross Dress for Less and 345 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. As we noted in today's release, for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2023, we repurchased a total of 1.9 million and 8.2 million shares of common stock, respectively, for an aggregate purchase price of $247 million in the quarter and $950 million for the fiscal year. These purchases were made pursuant to the 2-year $1.9 billion program announced in March 2022, which we have now completed as planned. 
 Our Board of Directors also recently approved a new 2-year, $2.1 billion stock repurchase authorization or approximately $1.05 billion for each fiscal year. This new plan represents an 11% increase over the recently completed repurchase program. In addition, the Board approved a 10% increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $0.3675 per share to be payable on March 29, 2024, to stockholders of record as of March 15, 2024. The increases to our stock repurchase and dividend programs reflect our continued commitment to enhancing stockholder value and returns, given the strength of our balance sheet and our ongoing ability to generate significant amounts of cash after funding growth and other capital needs of business. 
 Now Adam will provide further details on our fourth quarter results and additional color on our outlook for fiscal 2024. 
Adam Orvos: Thank you, Barbara. As previously mentioned, comparable store sales rose a strong 7% for the quarter, entirely driven by higher traffic and shoppers positive response to our improved assortments throughout our stores.
 As Barbara noted earlier, fourth quarter operating margin of 12.4% was up 165 basis points from 10.7% in 2022 and included about an 80 basis point benefit from the 53rd week in 2023. Cost of goods sold as a percent of sales improved by 265 basis points versus last year, benefiting from a combination of factors. 
 Merchandise gross margin increased by 110 basis points, primarily due to lower ocean freight costs. Distribution costs declined by 75 basis points partially driven by favorable timing of packaway-related costs. Domestic freight and occupancy costs levered by 75 and 45 basis points, respectively. Partially offsetting these benefits were buying costs that increased 40 basis points, mainly from higher incentives. SG&A for the period delevered by 100 basis points, mostly driven by higher incentive costs and wages. 
 Now let's discuss our outlook for fiscal 2024. As mentioned in our press release, we are encouraged by the sustained sales momentum that began in the second quarter of 2023 and continued through the holiday season. That said, there remains ongoing uncertainty in the macroeconomic and geopolitical environments. In addition, while inflation has moderated, prices for necessities like housing, food and gasoline remain elevated and continue to pressure the low to moderate income customers' discretionary spend. While we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to continue to take a conservative approach to forecasting our business in 2024. For the 52 weeks ending February 1, 2025, we are planning comparable store sales to increase 2% to 3% on top of a solid 5% gain in 2023. If sales perform in line with this plan, we expect earnings per share for 2024 to be in the range of $5.64 to $5.89 compared to $5.56 in fiscal 2023. As a reminder, fiscal 2024 is a 52-week year compared to 53 weeks in 2023. As previously mentioned, our 2023 earnings per share benefited from an additional $0.20 of EPS from the extra week. 
 Turning to our guidance assumptions for the 2024 year. Total sales are planned to grow by 2% to 4% for the 52 weeks ending February 1, 2025, versus the 53 weeks ended February 3, 2024. This year-over-year increase in total revenue is affected by last year's 53rd week, which added approximately $308 million to sales in the fourth quarter and fiscal year of 2023. If same-store sales perform in line with our plan, operating margin for the full year is expected to be in the range of 11.2% to 11.5% compared to 11.3% last year, which benefited by 25 basis points from the 53rd week. This year-over-year change also includes the benefit of anniversarying higher incentive costs in 2023, given our outperformance. In addition, for fiscal 2024, we expect merchandise margins to be pressured as we plan to offer even more brands that are sharply priced to deliver the strong value proposition that our customers expect from us. For 2024, we expect to open approximately 90 new locations, comprised of about 75 Ross and 15 dd's DISCOUNTS. These openings do not include our plans to close or relocate about 10 to 15 older stores. 
 Net interest income is estimated to be $143 million. Depreciation amortization expense inclusive of stock-based amortization is forecast to be about $610 million for the year. The tax rate is projected to be about 24% to 25% and diluted shares outstanding are expected to be approximately $332 million. In addition, capital expenditures for 2024 are planned to be approximately $840 million as we make further investments in our stores, supply chain and merchant processes to support our long-term growth and to increase efficiencies throughout the business. 
 Let's turn now to our guidance for the first quarter. We are planning comparable store sales for the 13 weeks ending May 4, 2024, to be up 2% to 3% versus a 1% gain in last year's first quarter. If sales perform in line with this range, we expect earnings per share for the first quarter of 2024 to be $1.29 to $1.35 versus $1.09 last year. The operating statement assumptions that support our first quarter guidance include the following: total sales are planned to be up 6% to 8% versus last year's first quarter. We would then expect first quarter operating margin to be 11.1% to 11.4% compared to 10.1% last year. The expected increase mainly reflects our forecast for lower incentives and freight costs that are partially offset by lower merchandise margin and higher wages. We plan to add 18 new stores consisting of 11 Ross and 7 dd's DISCOUNTS during the period. Net interest income is estimated to be $44 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 24% to 25% and diluted shares are forecasted to be about $335 million. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara Rentler for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Adam. To sum up, as Adam noted, while we hope to do better than our forecast this year, the external environment remains uncertain and our low to moderate income customers' discretionary spend continues to be impacted by elevated cost of living. Despite these headwinds last year, our shoppers responded positively to the strong values we offered across our stores which drove our better-than-expected sales and earnings growth throughout 2023. 
 In 2024, we plan to build upon these efforts and offer even more brands that are sharply priced to deliver the strong value proposition that our customers expect from us. We believe the diligent execution of this plan will result in increased market share gains this year and in the future. At this point, we'd like to open the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Barbara, I was hoping to better understand the dynamic around the sharply priced brands and their impact on merchandise margins. How big of the -- how large of a percentage of the assortment were you planning to take down to these sharper price points? And is there other opportunity to improve on the gross margins through domestic freight or other line items as the year progresses? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure, Lorraine. So let's just talk about the sharply priced brands. Obviously, I wouldn't talk about what type of penetration we're going to shift to. What I would say to you about the sharply priced brands is that during '23, we strengthened our value offerings. We kept saying that we were doing that, and we were doing that. And that really results in the acceleration of sales and started in Q2 and then persisted through the whole holiday season. And so that's really how we came up with in 2024, that we planned to build upon those successes that we had in '23 by offering more brands that are sharply priced to deliver that value proposition the customer wants. But what I would say to you also is it's a tiered strategy; a good, better, best strategy. 
 So in terms of gross margin expansion from the pure merchandising side. What I would say to you is this strategy really -- we really believe that this will drive sales and it will drive market share. And that's really how we're looking at it. Because that's what the customer has voted on all year, and we feel like it's a strategy that's broad-based in the entire box. Certainly, there are some businesses that have more opportunities than others. But that's really how we came to this conclusion and the customer has been voting, and that's really what she's been voting on. 
Michael Hartshorn: Lorraine, then on just the other margin opportunities from a freight standpoint, from a domestic freight standpoint, we do expect to see some improvement for the full year, but to a lesser extent than we saw last year. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: And congrats on another great quarter. So Barbara, I guess maybe could you elaborate on drivers that you think really were behind? I think this is the best fourth quarter performance in more than 10 years, if I exclude the pandemic. Maybe what you saw across categories, do you think that you're attracting a new customer? And maybe just the decision to raise your initial comp view for 2024 to the 2% to 3% relative to historical 1% to 2%? And then just one for Adam. Any change to bottom line flow-through in the model for 2024 as we think about incremental comp potential upside? 
Michael Hartshorn: It's Michael Hartshorn. Just on the customer overall. It's hard to see whether it's a new customer or the existing customer is spending more. What we did see is our performance, as we said in the commentary was broad-based across region, but it was broad-based really across all aspects of our business, including geographically, income levels and age. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of -- Matthew, in terms of the drivers, the categories, the ones that I said, cosmetics, home and Children's were really the best, Accessories was slightly above the chain and apparel trailed the chain. But again, it performed above our plan. And I think part of the things that really drove it was we had a big push this year in home on gifting, and we added some new classifications and the customer responded. 
Adam Orvos: Yes. And on the flow-through question, this is Adam. Nothing has changed. We expect EBIT margin flow-through of about 10 to 15 basis points for each additional point of above-plan sales. And with our guide of plus 2% to 3%. And on a 52-week basis, you see margin rate expansion. We're getting some benefit also this year of lower incentive costs based on our outperformance from 2023. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: Maybe first, Barbara, just any hypothesis on what might be driving the weaker-than-expected dd's performance in newer markets? And maybe comment also on how the Ross Dress for Less stores in newer markets have been performing relative to your expectations? 
Michael Hartshorn: Just on -- I'll start with the Ross. The Ross new markets have been performing at or above our expectations. From a dd's standpoint, as we said in the commentary, the overall comp was just is slightly below Ross for both the quarter and the year. So while overall comps were respectable, we've been disappointed in the dd's new market performance. Our new markets tend to be more diverse based on ethnicity and income, and we clearly didn't satisfy them with the assortments we've been offering there. 
Mark Altschwager: Maybe just a follow-up. Can you comment on the buying environment and any changes you're seeing? And how is that impacting the expectations for the merchandise margin pressure this year, if at all? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, I think it's a positive buying environment. I mean there's still merchandise in the market. And I've said this on calls before, there are some vendors that are very aggressive in bringing in inventory as they're trying to gain market share and then others, it's more normalized. In terms of merchant margin, our strategy now is really to continue to offer the customer really great value because that is really, really what's working sharp prices. And so even if you're buying some of these really great opportunities, we are really thinking about passing along really that potential savings to the customer because we really do believe that is the best way to drive market -- to gain market share. And so that's really how we're approaching it at this point, and that is what the customer is responding to. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Great results. From a category perspective, which categories do you view is the biggest opportunities in 2024? And curious, separately what you're seeing on the shrink front in the quarter and what your expectations are for '24? A couple of retailers, including Target today have called out improving shrink results lately. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. In terms of categories for '24, I mean, with the brand strategy we're putting in place, I feel like there's -- it's pretty broad-based the opportunity. But obviously, our apparel business has been trailing the chain. And so we're focused on really trying to improve those assortments and to get the apparel business more in line with the other businesses. 
Michael Hartshorn: Chuck, on the shrink front, I would say we're not immune to the external theft and organized crime environment throughout retail. We do continue to invest in initiatives to hold shortage at bay. For 2023, our shrink levels were in line with 2022. Our guidance assumes that shrink is up a bit. So that's built into the guidance, but we'll continue to make investments there to keep it in line. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti with Evercore ISI. 
Michael Binetti: Congrats on a really nice holiday. And I apologize if you said it, but did you mention how much the extra week impacted the gross margin in the fourth quarter? I heard the operating margin, but just housekeeping on that. And then, I guess, maybe we could talk a little bit about how you built to the comp guidance for the year with the 2% to 3% comp in the first quarter and in the year? I guess, as the comparisons get a little tougher, I think it implies the 2-year accelerates a little bit as we move through the year. So maybe just a little bit on how you were thinking about that. I'm wondering if that's maybe the sharp price merchandise assortment strategy accelerating through the year. Anything you could point to help us think alongside you on that, please? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. So from the merchandise strategy, we do expect it to accelerate as we go. Obviously, we've been building the strategy off of starting in Q2 of 2023. And now -- I would say now it's more broad-based than we were as we were coming across. Maybe the words I want to use is it's a little more intentional in certain businesses than it was before. And so we do expect that as we come across. We are expecting that our Apparel business as we move through the year will improve. 
Adam Orvos: And Michael, on the 53rd week question, so we thought operating margin was worth 80 basis points in Q4 and about 25 for the year, and that was largely in gross margin versus SG&A. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. 
Alexandra Straton: Perfect. Super amazing [ trend ]. It looks like you guys are further closing the gap to pre-COVID EBIT with every passing quarter, even though fourth quarter still sits somewhat below. So can you just talk about what's hampering you from returning to the pre-COVID levels and how you think about recovering that gap from here? And then maybe Barbara, a big picture question for you. What are your key priorities for the year as you think about Ross? 
Michael Hartshorn: Alex, it's Michael Hartshorn. On the long-term kind of what it's going to take to close the EBIT margin gap. Obviously, the biggest drivers are where wages and freight has been over the last couple of years. I would say over the long term, we can -- we believe we can achieve gradual improvement in profitability. As always, EBIT growth will be highly dependent on sustained strong sales growth. We believe the improvements we've made and continue to make to strengthen our value offerings will lead to market share gains in the long run. I'll also say we're investing in capabilities to drive efficiencies and related cost savings that we believe will contribute to profitability as well over time. As you can see in this year's guidance, our EBIT leverage is around 3% with double-digit EPS growth at the top end of that 2% to 3% range on a 52-week basis. Over the long term, we think we can get leverage in the 3% to 4% comp range. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of priorities, our priority this year is really to gain market share through a diligent execution of the strategy. We've done a lot of work around what we believe we need to do to gain market share. And so on the Ross side, that really is mine and our key priority. And then on the dd's side to go off and to do some additional work, to understand that customer. So as we go into newer markets, we satisfy her needs. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Great. And let me add my congratulations as well. Barbara, on the dd's, I was wondering if you could talk about sort of the new store strategy? Are you clustering them? What regions outside of California or is it within kind of the West Coast are seeing the differences? So any more detail on kind of your early thoughts on what's happening there other than sort of the broader demographic mix. And then Michael or Adam, on the transaction, can you talk about the fourth quarter, the holiday transaction growth versus the AUR component? 
Michael Hartshorn: Adrienne, on dd's. So our real estate strategy for dd's is a little different than Ross. It's not as a clustered strategy, as you said, as we see for Ross. There is -- after you get outside of our core markets in Texas, Florida and California, they are, as I said, distinct ethnicity differences, which means we have to find the right assortment that's different from our core markets. We'll know more after we go through the customer research, and then we'll make -- start making the adjustments we think we need to improve performance there. 
Adam Orvos: And Adrienne, on to your question on the components. Our 7% comp was all driven by traffic. Average basket was flat. So we had slightly higher AUR and slightly lower items per transaction. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: I was hoping you could elaborate on the assumptions embedded in your outlook for SG&A expense for the year. What are you assuming for wage and other investments? And what are you seeing in the wage environment currently? 
Adam Orvos: I would say it's somewhat stabilized, Brooke. Really where we're taking wage increases is where the -- where we're required to by the minimum wage changes state by state. I would say from an SG&A standpoint, we'll get the benefit of anniversarying the higher incentive costs. And then, we've generally been able to do a good job while the minimum wage changes are putting pressure in the stores. Through some of the efficiencies that we've invested in, we've generally been able to offset that. So I'm not seeing much overall pressure on the store side on that front. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Michael, maybe to you, I think to answering your question earlier, you had said that you expect freight to be a benefit this year but less so than in '23. Were you referring to domestic freight specifically? Are you talking to freight, including ocean freight within the merchandise margin loan? 
Michael Hartshorn: In that one, I was talking about domestic freight, but I'll let Adam take it to speak on this. 
Adam Orvos: Ike, this is Adam. So on the ocean freight side, we'll get a little bit of benefit in Q1, but kind of negligible over the course of the year. Obviously, this is going to be dependent on how the situation plays out in the Suez Canal. And the duration of that conflict if anything changes. But I would also say that impacts a very small portion of our freight, yet we're closely monitoring that situation. On the domestic side, that's what Michael was commenting on earlier because fuel prices are lower than where they were at least this time last year. And based on our contracted rates, we should see some slight benefit throughout the year on the domestic side. 
Irwin Boruchow: Got it. So slight benefits throughout the year on domestic. Adam, just based on the line of sight you have, is there any point in this year where ocean freight should flip to -- from a tailwind to a headwind? Or is it just kind of like flattening out for you guys? 
Adam Orvos: We'll have to see how that conflict plays out is probably the biggest variable hike. We have a fairly good line of sight other than that variable that we can't control. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Simeon Siegel with BMO Capital Markets. 
Simeon Siegel: Nice job. Sorry, if I missed it, but did you talk about whether any of the transaction -- the traffic increases, are you seeing any trade down benefit? And then probably a dumb question, but does the sharply priced brands impact where you are at all, impact where you are or is it really -- is it just creating better value proposition without impacting AUR? And if it does, any order of magnitude we should keep in mind? 
Michael Hartshorn: Simeon, on the trade down customer, we did -- I'll just repeat that for us, it's hard to see whether there's a trade down customer performance. Was broad-based, as we said, across geographies, but it was also broad-based across income levels. So hard to really tease out any impact to the trade down. On the transaction data, the comp was entirely driven by traffic or transactions for us. The average basket was flat as slightly higher average unit retails were offset by slightly lower units per transaction. And then on the weather front, it was neutral for us. 
Simeon Siegel: So the sharply priced brands impacting going forward? Should we think about that from an AUR context? Or is that just changing the concentration of brands? 
Barbara Rentler: It's -- the AUR fluctuates. It's based on the mix and the value of the goods that we're buying. So there's not a specific AUR pricing strategy. It's really a value strategy as we buy goods and put them at the sharpest price as we can to offer great value. So it's not like we're trying to hit a specific AUR or -- it could move as we go through the year and as we go through different closeouts, products and all of that, we're expecting it to move around. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez with Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: At dd's, I'm curious how many stores are in region where you considered disappointing and what percentage of the store base do they represent? I'm curious if they didn't open as strongly as you thought? Or are they not comping as quickly as you thought? And also curious how the Ross Stores are performing in those same regions? 
Michael Hartshorn: Paul, I mean there are certain stores outside of our core markets, that's what I would say on number of stores. So you can see our store map. As far as Ross, Ross is performing fine in these markets. And it's really how they opened. Some of them are comping well, but they're comping off a low sales base. 
Paul Lejuez: Got it. And then you mentioned, I think, 10 to 15 store closings. How did that break down, dd's versus Ross? 
Adam Orvos: Store closings. So we talked about -- Paul, we talked about 10 to 15 either relocated or closing stores, and we won't get into Ross versus dd's on that front. 
Michael Hartshorn: Nor have we decided yet. Usually, these are stores, I think, Paul, as you know, these are at the end of the lease term or starting a new option period where we'll make that judgment as we progress through the year. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with The Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Congrats on a really nice quarter. And I'm going to hop in on the pricing question. I'm really sorry. But I want to just clarify the sharp price pricing because it sounds like Barbara, you're thinking about this a little bit more holistically, sort of getting to a better balance of really sharp opening prices and then layering that next level and the next level, versus looking at what you purchased and maybe taking a shorter margin here and a longer margin there. Is that right? Am I hearing that right? 
Barbara Rentler: Whenever you're pricing goods, Marni, you're always doing what you're saying. You're looking at the product and you're looking at the value, right? So it doesn't necessarily always have to do with what you're paying for a product, right? The merchants are looking at it and saying this is the right value and they're doing it. I think the sharp pricing that we're talking about is really adding more brands at all 3 levels, good, better, best, assessing those brands and then putting them out at the values that the customers really responded to. So it's -- it's really built on the products themselves. 
 I don't know how else to say that to you. We have the brands we want to have. We have [ visits and ] people who are growing. We've opened a lot of new resources this year. The merchants have been out really looking for new resources, looking to expand, looking to remix the products and labels themselves and then to put that mix out at sharp prices. So it's not like I'm looking to have x price point or x in each thing. It is really a value strategy, not a pricing strategy. It's a value strategy. 
Marni Shapiro: And where does beauty -- because it sounds like you had a nice quarter in beauty that typically carries a lower AUR, but can drive a lot of traffic? Does beauty carry a good margin? And where does beauty fit into the strategy for '24? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, Beauty has so many components in there from a margin perspective. Overall, the beauty margins are fine or good. In every business we went in and looked at what our values were, what our brands were, what our product offerings were and we went in and said, some businesses we thought were on track and we're fine. In some businesses, we're learning we have more opportunity after what we've learned starting in Q2 all the way through Q3 and Q4 and building on that. So it's kind of an evolving process. But there's -- again, it's really a merchant-driven process and making sure that we put out the best possible value in the things that the customer wants and that we have the right brands, the right recognizable brands at each level; good, better and best. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Aneesha Sherman with Bernstein. 
Aneesha Sherman: I have two, please. I'm curious about -- can you talk about the cadence of comps through the quarter, particularly coming out of holiday into January and where you were exiting the quarter? And I have another one on stores. You talked about initiatives in the stores, and you've talked about it for the last couple of quarters. Do you see more structural benefits to store 4-wall margins over the next year or so from the store initiatives that you've been rolling out? 
Michael Hartshorn: Aneesha, it's Michael. On both of those. So we typically don't talk about inter-quarter trends. I will say, on a stack basis, comps were the -- slightly stronger during the peak holiday period, holiday selling period. On the 4-wall margin, so the type of investments we're making in stores, we're making a number of investments to improve efficiencies in the stores. In many cases, that's just offsetting some of the minimum wage -- statutory minimum wage increases we've seen. Some of the things we're doing are technology investments for instance, we're piloting self-checkout in all stores. We don't ever think that that's going to be a full chain rollout, but we'll see how that goes. We've put in place more efficient handheld devices and it's used to check inventory, take markdowns, manage tasks and eventually even allow associate scheduling within the store, all drive efficiency that help us offset the rising minimum wages. 
Aneesha Sherman: Sorry, just a quick follow-up, Michael. Can you give us a sense of how much of that has already been rolled out versus how much is to come over the next fiscal year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Well, I mean there are things beyond that. This fiscal year, we have a number of rollouts. And as Adam said earlier, that's fully offsetting the minimum wage increase. And we continue to have new initiatives in the pipeline going forward. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey with the Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Congratulations on the very nice results. As you think about the store profile in 2024 for both dd's and Ross, any changes in how you're thinking about it in terms of size? And then Barbara, you've always talked in the past about adding to the merchant team. What does it look like this year in terms of number of buyers, merchants added to the team or how you're thinking about it? 
Michael Hartshorn: Staying on the store profile, I'll give you the easy answer on that one. No, we're not thinking of any changes to the store prototype as we move into '24. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the size of the merchant team, we have over 900 merchants. So every year, we -- every year, we promote people, move people. But in terms of saying, am I going out to take up the head count substantially? I think it's just -- I think it's more of a normal cadence that we would have. We feel like we have a pretty large team between the two companies. 
Dana Telsey: Just one follow-up. As you went through the quarter in January, we know there were those two weeks that were very cold. Was that an impact for you and the comps and the comps would have even been stronger if you hadn't had that weather issue that happened mid-January? 
Michael Hartshorn: Dana, on the quarter overall, so we take puts and takes all the way November through December, we think the weather impact was neutral for us. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Corey Tarlowe with Jefferies. 
Corey Tarlowe: Great. In the past, I know you've talked about 60% to 65% new store productivity. Given your comments on dd's, recognizing that it's a smaller portion of the fleet, is that a consistent assumption within your guidance for 2024? 
Michael Hartshorn: It continues to be because the vast majority of the new stores are Ross. That said, the stores that we are opening for dd's, we expect them to be similar to historical sales levels because they're in the existing markets. But overall, 60% to 65% of a comp. 
Corey Tarlowe: Great. And then just a brief follow-up. Other than new stores, what areas are you investing in, in the CapEx? And how are you thinking about leveraging AI in your business? 
Michael Hartshorn: So first on where else we're investing, about 40% of the capital this year is just expanded capacity. So we're opening a -- plan to open a new DC in early '25 in Arizona, and we have another one, a DC that we're going to start construction on later this year on our next distribution center. So 40% of that capital this year is on increased DC capacity. AI, I would say there's two parts of AI. We already use AI in some of the automated parts of our business. I think generative AI will be a journey for us like it is for others, but it is something we'll be looking at to find efficiencies in the business. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of John Kernan with TD Cowen & Co. 
John Kernan: Great job on the holiday quarter. Just going back to stores. Ross Stores banner grew 4% this year. I think that was the fastest store growth since pre-COVID, dd's is up over 7%. How do we think about store growth not just for fiscal '24, but also beyond that and how that fits into your long-term store targets? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. First of all, our long-term store target hasn't changed, and that's 2,900 Ross Stores and 700 for dd's. I think you'd expect about 100 stores a year, depending on how the dd's plays out beyond this. But I think we're comfortable with the 75 Ross stores annually. That's a good fit for us, and we'll see where the dd's roll out after we get through our strategy. 
John Kernan: You haven't seen any long-term change in terms of competition for real estate, your peers in off-price are growing a lot of stores, too. I think there's been concerns about some of the availability out there, but it doesn't sound like you have any concerns? 
Michael Hartshorn: Well, there is -- I would say there's a lot of -- there's a lot of competition for our locations. But I'd say overall, we feel good about the real estate landscape and have a healthy pipeline. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Loop Capital Markets. 
Laura Champine: It's related to the way we're reading stores, which to us looks like you're making a conscious decision to sharply control inventories, to maximize profits and minimize markdowns. Are we reading that right? Or is this just a small sample size of stores? 
Adam Orvos: Laura, are you just talking about inventory levels at year-end? Is that your question? 
Laura Champine: I'm talking about inventory levels that we're seeing currently over the past couple of months in stores really post holiday. 
Michael Hartshorn: I would say post holiday for us is really a clearance period. So -- it is our lowest inventories of the year and it happens to be our lowest sales period. So we want to start off the year correctly. So it doesn't surprise me that it would feel that way if you're looking at the stores in January. I think as you progress through the spring, we manage our in-store inventories based on term, and we set it up. If we can beat the plan, then we can leverage markdowns. So that's the way we run the business, and we try to beat the turn from the previous year. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Krisztina Katai with Deutsche Bank. 
Krisztina Katai: Congratulations on the strong quarter. So I wanted to ask in terms of the competitive backdrop, many of bigger general merchandise retailer are still look fairly lean on inventory, I think especially when we look at apparel and certain discretionary categories as we head into the spring. So I just -- I was just curious how that's sort of incorporated into your thinking on comps and maybe where you see some of the biggest opportunities in the first half to take share. 
Barbara Rentler: Krisztina, I'm not 100% sure what exactly -- what you're getting at exactly. Could you just say that again? 
Krisztina Katai: Sure. It's just that many of your bigger general merchandise peers are still planning inventories very cautiously and they're sort of lean on inventories in many discretionary categories. So as you're sort of planning your business, you're looking at your good, better, best sort of assortment, maybe just how you're thinking about your position for spring and then heading into the summer? 
Barbara Rentler: So the first part in inventory, as Michael just said, we plan our inventory based off of sales and turn. And so -- and we build that by business, really bottom up, just in terms of pure inventory level and then we drive receipts. We have the inventory base we think we need and then we go to chase, and we drive the receipts, which drives the sales which drives the profits. That's from basic inventory. In terms of which categories, that's a merchant-driven strategy in terms of what businesses we're going to go after, where we see the opportunity in the outside world, where we know we can show great value and where we can add assortment. So there are kind of two different levels of thinking. And remember, it's a flexible business model. So if business really takes off and as we've started to beat our sales plans, we have the ability to take the inventory up or drive the inventory down because the model is flexible, the stores are flexible and the products are flexible. So we go -- we start in with our base plan and then again, build up for sales turn and then we go -- then we react to what the customer is telling us. So it's kind of fluid. 
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Jay Sole with UBS. 
Jay Sole: Barbara, you talked that one of your goals for the year was taking market share. Is your expectation that you're going to take market share from other off-price retailers or department stores or maybe just a little bit of everybody? 
Barbara Rentler: I just think -- look, I just think there's market share to be had. I mean, more stores keep closing. I mean -- and there's just less places for consumers to shop and our job is to satisfy the customer. And if we do that, there are consumers out there for us to pick up and to expand. So we want to be able to satisfy our current customers and get her to come back more. We want to be able to add additional customers because as we know, as there have been many store closures over the last few years, that's also helped to fuel off-price. So as that continues, this is a focus for us. 
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'd now like to turn the floor back over to Barbara Rentler for any closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-15 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management followed by a question-and-answer session.
 [Operator Instructions]
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2022 Form 10-K and fiscal 2023 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President and Chief Operating Officer; Adam Orvos, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with a review of our third quarter performance followed by an update on our outlook for the fourth quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As noted in today's press release, we are pleased that both sales and earnings outperformed our expectations for the quarter as customers responded favorably to the terrific values we offer throughout our stores. Operating margin for the period was 11.2%, up from 9.8% last year. Leverage from the same-store sales gain and lower freight costs were partially offset by higher incentives and store wages.
 Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended October 28, 2023, were $1.33 compared to earnings per share of $1 last year. Net income for the period rose to $447 million versus $342 million in the prior year period. Total sales for the quarter were $4.9 billion, up from $4.6 billion last year, with the comparable store sales gain of 5%. 
 For the first 9 months, earnings per share were $3.74 on net earnings of $1.3 billion compared to $3.08 per share on net income of $1.1 billion for the same period last year. Sales for the year-to-date period grew to $14.4 billion with comparable store sales up 4% over last year. For the third quarter at Ross, cosmetic, accessories and shoes were again the strongest performing businesses, while geographic results were broad-based.
 Like Ross, dd's DISCOUNTS shoppers also responded favorably to its strong value offerings, driving improved sales trends during the quarter. At quarter end, total consolidated inventories were up 5% versus last year, while average store inventories were up 2%. Packaway merchandise represented 39% of total inventories versus 41% in the same period of the prior year.
 During the third quarter, we also completed our expansion program for 2023 with the addition of 43 new Ross and 8 dd's discounts. Over the year, we added a total of 97 locations comprised of 72 Ross and 25 dd's. We now expect to end the year with 1,764 Ross stores and 345 dd's DISCOUNTS for a net increase of 94 stores.
 Now Adam will provide further details on our third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance. 
Adam Orvos: Thank you, Barbara. As previously stated, comparable store sales rose 5% in the quarter, primarily driven by higher traffic. Operating margin increased 135 basis points to 11.2%. Cost of goods sold improved by 260 basis points in the quarter. Merchandise margin was the main driver with a 235-basis point increase, primarily from lower ocean freight costs.
 Distribution expenses improved by 45 basis points, mainly due to favorable timing of packaway-related costs. Domestic freight and occupancy levered by 40 and 25 basis points, respectively. Partially offsetting these benefits were higher buying costs that increased 85 basis points, mainly from higher incentives. SG&A costs for the period increased by 125 basis points, primarily driven by higher incentive costs and store wages.
 During the third quarter, we repurchased 2.1 million shares of common stock for an aggregate cost of $239 million. We remain on track to buy back a total of $950 million in stock for the year.
 Now let's discuss our fourth quarter guidance. We continue to face macroeconomic volatility, persistent inflation and more recently, geopolitical uncertainty. In addition, we are up against our most difficult quarterly sales comparisons versus 2022 in the fourth quarter. As a result and while we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to maintain a cautious approach in forecasting our business and reiterating our prior sales guidance for the fourth quarter.
 For the 13 weeks ending January 27, 2024, we continue to plan same-store sales to be up 1% to 2%. Earnings per share for the 14 weeks ending February 3, 2024, are projected to be in the range of $1.56 to $1.62 compared to $1.31 in the fourth quarter of 2022. This guidance range includes an approximate $0.02 per share unfavorable impact from the timing of expenses that benefited the third quarter.
 Based on our year-to-date results and our fourth quarter forecast, earnings per share for the 53 weeks ending February 3, 2024, are now expected to be in the range of $5.30 to $5.36 versus $4.38 last year. Incorporated in this guidance for both the fourth quarter and full year is an estimated earnings per share benefit of $0.16 from the 53rd week in fiscal 2023.
 The operating statement assumptions that support our fourth quarter guidance include the following: Total sales are projected to grow 8% to 10%, including an estimated $260 million benefit from the 53rd week. We expect operating margin to be in the range of 11.3% to 11.5% versus 10.7% last year. This range includes a 65-basis point benefit from the extra week. We are planning for higher merchandise margins, given lower ocean freight cost, though moderating from the improvement earlier this year.
 In addition, lower domestic freight and distribution costs, partially due to favorable packaway timing are expected to benefit margin. Partially offsetting these lower costs are forecast for higher incentive compensation. Net interest income is estimated to be about $45 million as we continue to benefit from higher interest rates on our cash balance. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 23% to 24%, and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about 335 million.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Adam. Looking ahead, despite all the challenges in the external environment, we are encouraged by our healthy above-plan results to date this year. We also remain confident in the resilience of the off-price sector and our ability to operate successfully within it, especially given consumers' heightened focus on value and convenience. As a result, we remain optimistic about the company's future prospects and our ability to expand market share and profitability over time.
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on another nice quarter. So Barbara, could you elaborate on changes across categories that you've made to increase your value focus? It seems like that was a clear takeaway from your comments. Maybe also if you could speak to the cadence of traffic that you saw as the third quarter progressed? And just how you see your assortments positioned in the holiday to take share. 
Michael Hartshorn: Matthew, I'll start with the traffic. As we said in the commentary, traffic was the primary driver of comp for the quarter on a stack basis. The comps were fairly consistent across the quarter with a couple of fits and starts late in the quarter regionally with weather as it always is this time of year. That said, for the entire quarter, weather was neutral. 
Barbara Rentler: And Matt, by change across categories, do you mean performance? 
Matthew Boss: More the value -- I think you talked about a greater value focus starting in the second quarter. It sounds like it resonated further in the third quarter. So just maybe changes that you've made as it relates to that. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, the value changes that we made are across the entire box. So the merchants are out there really looking for great branded products where they can offer compelling values. So that's really -- it's not in any one area. It's across the box. Obviously, some businesses are further along than others as you would expect. But that's a company-wide focus now to offer the most compelling value to the customer at this time. And changes to the assortment of the fourth quarter or just share is really after gifting. We've expanded some of our products in gifting categories, which I wouldn't talk about on the call but it's really a focus on gifting. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then maybe as a follow-up, Adam, how best to think about merchandise margin recapture opportunity in the fourth quarter just given the environment a year ago? And any change in terms of flow-through in the model on 3% to 4% same-store sales as we think more multiyear. 
Adam Orvos: Yes. On the latter part, no change in the flow through in the model, right? We still expect to lever on the 3% to 4% comp. And your question on merchandise margin was fourth quarter specific? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. 
Adam Orvos: Yes. So ocean freight, which we benefited from all year, will still be a benefit in the fourth quarter. But as we said in the call comments, we'll moderate considerably. We started to see pretty significant rate reductions about this time last year. So there'll be further benefit in fourth quarter, but not like we have seen in the first 3 quarters of the year. I would expect that really to be the main driver on merchandise margin. All other components should be pretty consistent with last year. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: Great. I guess, first, your plan for the fourth quarter top line hasn't really changed despite comps exceeding the high end of your plan by a couple of hundred basis points in the third quarter. Curious, does that give you more confidence in the upside case? Or are there things you've seen in recent trends that would suggest a more material quarter-over-quarter deceleration is the right expectation? 
Michael Hartshorn: It's Michael again. I would say, for the most part, it's -- there's a lot going on in the external environment, whether it's a macro economy. We expect it to be a very promotional retail environment and now you have geopolitics into the mix, and it is our toughest compare for the year. So given everything going on externally, we think it's prudent to remain very conservative in running the business in the fourth quarter. 
Mark Altschwager: And maybe a follow-up for Barbara. The North American wholesale channel continues to be challenging for many vendors, given the dynamic macro. I'm curious what you're hearing with respect to product availability heading into calendar '24? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, currently, there's a lot of availability in the market, as I know you know that. Here's a look at availability at this point. Vendors -- in this environment, vendors are really looking for ways to increase their market share. And so they've shifted some of their business towards the growing retail channels. So if, in fact, they get less bookings, we talked about them having less bookings for fall and there's still availability. So bookings are one thing.  Then how much they decide to bring in to drive market share or to shift channels is an other things.
 So I don't necessarily think they're the -- you can judge just by bookings what they say about their bookings. And therefore, frankly, there are some vendors that are really looking to gain market share in this period in time and are taking greater risk on bringing in more goods. So it's kind of a mixed bag but they're really looking to expand who they do business with and to shift channels. So I think that's the reason why goods continue to become available. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez with Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: Sorry if I missed it, but could you talk about performance in the home category? And then also I was curious about store performance based on income, demographic, locations. Any change in terms of how any specific income cohort behaved during the quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: Paul, on the income, as we said in the commentary, the comp performance was fairly broad-based across geographies, but also what I'd say is trade area demographics, including income. So your bigger question is, are you seeing a trade down? We saw very broad-based performance across income levels. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the home performance, home performed slightly below the chain average. 
Paul Lejuez: Got it. And then just a follow-up. On the merch margin, I think you mentioned freight is a big driver but can you talk about pure merch margin outside of freight? Just IMUs, markdowns, what the out-the-door merch margin was on a pure product basis? 
Adam Orvos: Yes, Paul. I won't go through a component by component but merch margin in addition to the ocean freight benefit, but if you back ocean freight out of it, we were better than last year as we anniversary the markdowns that we took last year. So third quarter last year was kind of our peak quarter for incremental markdowns last year. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: What were the drivers of dd's improved sales trends during the quarter? And is that now running in line with Ross? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Lorraine. As -- dd's, as we said, also improved and were relatively in line with performance at Ross. We believe the improved performance here like it is at Ross is the customers responding to the broad assortment of values throughout the stores. And I'd also add easing inflation certainly doesn't hurt this customer. 
Lorraine Maikis: And then any update on shrink from your recent physical inventory? 
Adam Orvos: Yes. Lorraine, in third quarter -- so we took our second physical inventory over the year in third quarter and trued up those results, the results were in line with our expectations and in line with last year. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of John Kernan with TD Cowen. 
John Kernan: Excellent. Nice job in 3Q. Barbara, your buyers are obviously doing a great job passing on value to the consumer. I'm wondering how initial markup trends are as we -- as you focus on value? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, obviously, we're not going to talk about but IMU. But I think as the merchants are in the market and they are really looking for compelling deals, they obviously have metrics that they should hit, and I would say that they do that. But if there's a really unbelievable deal, we're going to price it the way we think we need to price it. Our strategy now is really to continue to deliver value. And so again, they have metrics, everyone is hitting their metrics, but that's the focus. What is the right price, what is the right value to drive the customer into the store to gain market share. So that's the hit that everyone does. 
John Kernan: Understood. And Adam, when you look at the model, what do you think is the line item in either COGS or SG&A that has the most potential for improvement if you maintain the 3% to 4% same-store sales going forward? 
Adam Orvos: We're just getting into the -- we're working our way through the planning process. We'll come back and talk at the end of the year and kind of frame up how we see the go forward at that point in time. I think just to give you some generalities, I feel like we've recaptured most of the ocean freight at this point. When we look at container rates now are very similar to where they were in 2019. So we think by the end of the year, we'll capture all that benefit.
 On the domestic side of freight, we've recaptured some but certainly not at 2019 levels, given the elevated fuel cost and elevated driver wages since 2019. So pushing very hard on the other components. We'll come back and tell you more about the puts and takes at the end of the year. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Congratulation. Can you provide color on the trend of basket size and the composition between AUR and UPT this quarter and if you see that changing going forward over the next few quarters? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. And as we said, traffic was the primary driver of the 5% comp. Average basket was up just slightly as an increase in the units per transaction was partially offset by slightly lower average unit retails. And if we think about it going forward, we'd like to be driven by traffic but we don't plan our business around the components. We plan the business on offering the best value. And if we get traffic and a basket size increase, that's great for the business. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: I was hoping you could discuss the puts and takes behind your SG&A growth now that we've moved through the periods of elevated incentive comp investment this summer. How should we be thinking about the growth of that line item going forward? And in particular, can you elaborate on what you're seeing in terms of store wage rate inflation? 
Adam Orvos: Brooke, this is Adam. Yes. So store wage, as we said in the comments, they'll continue to put pressure on us. That's largely driven by minimum wage changes that we need to take in the marketplace. But I would say overall on SG&A, the biggest moving part this year has been incentive comp, right? So as you'll remember, very little incentive comp last year. And not only did we have to reset the bar this year but we're obviously outperforming our financial plan. So that's the biggest kind of volatility in the SG&A line. 
Michael Hartshorn: I'll just add on the wage front. I mean, generally speaking, wages have stabilized throughout the stores and the DCs and any increases we're seeing are really driven by minimum wages. On SG&A going forward, I think we'd expect that we'd be able to lever between the 3 and 4 comp as we have in the past. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti with Evercore. 
Michael Binetti: Congrats on a great quarter. I just want to ask, do you think -- Michael or Adam, jump ball, what do you think about -- what do you look at today to inform us whether there's some opportunity in the pure merch margin for next year, puts and takes that you're thinking about?
 Barbara, you mentioned seeing some -- you mentioned some great comments on some of the brand availability. Is there an opportunity for AUR as you guys get better access to quality brands? And then I noticed you opened a bunch of the handful stores in Michigan a few months ago and 1 single store in Minnesota. These are new markets, even though we've heard you guys talk so favorably about how the Midwest has gone since you launched it maybe 12 years ago. It Seems like you're starting to move into some new markets, some fairly big ones, maybe just some thoughts around the new market strategy. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On merchant margin for next year, we're in the middle of our planning process now. So I'd wait until our year-end call, and we can give you some more feedback on that. As you mentioned, we entered Michigan and Minnesota during the third quarter. It's very early on those. So hard to comment at this stage other than we're very optimistic about our new market growth.. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of brands and AUR increase. Really, I know it sounds like I'm going back to same thing. We really are looking at every deal based on the value we put out on the floor. And so obviously, if they're higher on brand, those goods would -- even at great values would have higher AUR. But it's really a mix of all brands, whether they're moderate, they're better, they're good, better, best, where they're best. That's how we're really approaching it in terms of just saying I'm going to raise the AUR because we increased we [ debt ] in total. That's not how we're thinking about it. We're thinking about it more holistically, and that's the piece that customers responding to. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Great. And I'll add my congratulations. Barbara, I often -- I am on the topic of your packaway and your short stay. Historically, when we have sort of disruptive weather and kind of like the unseasonable weather in the early in the quarter, you're able to use your short-stay flexibility to kind of pace into that. I'm just wondering how advantageous has that been this season? Or is the macro -- kind of more challenging macro sort of overwhelming that? 
Barbara Rentler: I just want to make sure I understand what you're saying. You're saying that did we get seasonal products early and [indiscernible] closing the fourth quarter? 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Yes, yes. I think it's more that weather has not transitioned to cold for any long permanent period of time, so we're hearing frontline retailers talk about that lower their fourth quarters, and there's a disconnect between how much they've ordered and what things that they need to get rid of. So I'm wondering if that's been a benefit to you. 
Barbara Rentler: At this point in time, there's -- the goods are obviously building because the weather has been warmer than people anticipated. But there is a moment in time when vendors decide to really move the goods and that really -- becomes really more longer-term packaway. So if you're thinking outerwears, whether its classifications like that, that really would be longer term versus shorter term deals.
 I could still get deals in front of us. But really, that's really more of a longer-term play that vendors at the end of the year decided what they want to do when they're figuring out what they're going to buy for the next year. So short term, I think people are just coming to -- having a reality check of where they are with some of those classifications of products. So the real answer, I guess, is more news to follow. But at this moment in time, it hasn't been -- they haven't had a big movement if that's what you're looking for, a big movement on the... 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Alex Starton with Morgan Stanley. 
Alexandra Straton: Great. Maybe for Barbara, some peers have highlighted opportunities in new or adjacent categories. So I'm just wondering, has Ross entered any newer categories recently? Or what kind of thoughts do you have on opportunities in general and then any changes in category mix shift that you guys have done? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Yes, we have entered into some new categories. Obviously, I'm not going to talk about it on the call. But yes, for the fourth quarter, we entered some different categories for gifting, which are going on the floor now and into December. And then just opportunities in general as we move into next year. I think we have some opportunities in expanding certain businesses and then also coming back into some businesses that we exited, I would say, sometime during COVID.
 So I think there is an opportunity for us to have more newness on the floor, which is really what the customer  love plus value is really what the customers responding to. So every year, we go in and look and say, what else can we expand, what else can we do? But this year, we have, yes, we have our categories in mind if [ we were ] not in mind and where we are going to [ spring ]. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Congratulations. And if I forget, best of luck for the holiday season. But I'm curious, just on dd's, if we can dig in a little bit there. Are you -- with people looking to trade down with their wallets a little tighter, are you finding that you are attracting more new customers into that brand and the traffic trends that drove the comp in the quarter, whether this -- was that also true for dd's? And then I recall dd's tends to have more -- a little bit more family focused, you tended to have a little bit more kids and toy focus even. I'm curious how you feel about the lead-up to holiday with the assortments and values there? And is that still the case in dd's actually? 
Michael Hartshorn: Marni, on traffic. So traffic like Ross, the comp for dd's was entirely driven by traffic. 
Barbara Rentler: And then in terms of assortment, yes, it is a family-focused box and the dd's customer does have more children. So businesses like toys in the fourth quarter becomes very important [ for the toys ]. 
Marni Shapiro: Also holiday dresses do you do that business as well in dd's ? 
Barbara Rentler: We do all those businesses. All the traditional businesses you would expect, you would expect holiday dresses, you would expect toys, you expect anything, also family photo shoots and then toys or other little things that they give  to kids but... 
Marni Shapiro: And can I just ask a follow-up on that? Are you seeing at dd's that the customer is now coming to dd's for these big holiday events like for Halloween, for Christmas? Does that customer come to dd's more regularly? Is it part of their  regular trip of stores to go to? 
Barbara Rentler: I think it's part of the regular stores to go to. And do they like seasonal products, Halloween harvest, Christmas. Obviously, Christmas is very big. Yes. dd's, I don't think they'll get up in the morning and say, I need to go buy some Halloweens. I think there is always  [indiscernible] they're going to stores, they are seeing things that they like and I think it's simple purchases probably for everyone. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey with the Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Congratulations on the nice results. Can you give some color on the regional performance and what you saw California, maybe Texas and any of the other areas? And then also on categories, I think last time -- on last quarter's call, you mentioned that apparel trailed but improved sequentially. What did you see this quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: Regionally, Dana, our largest markets, California was above the chain average. Texas and Florida were in line. And as we mentioned on the call, it was very broad-based across the country. 
Barbara Rentler: And then in terms of apparel, it's slightly trailed the chain average and the comps were relatively similar between Q2 and Q3, but they did exceed plan. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Aneesha Sherman with Bernstein. 
Aneesha Sherman: So Barbara, as retailers and brands have been talking about clearing excess stock. Are you seeing any change in your inventory mix and your percent of closeout? Like through the year, are you seeing more importing and more upfront buying? And I have a quick follow-up for Adam. You mentioned labor costs and wages stabilizing. Can you talk about some of the new labor cost saving models you've been piloting like self-checkout and any updates you can share on the rollout of those? 
Michael Hartshorn: On the self-checkout, we're in a very small number of stores. And as you can imagine, we're going very slowly to make sure we get it right. We're in about 100 stores right now, and we're going to continue to pilot the operating model that we have there, and we're very cognizant of the shrink environment, so we're going to go slow. 
Barbara Rentler: And then in terms of upfront versus closeouts, as the year progressed, I mean it's pretty similar. It can peak up and down a little bit in the fourth quarter. You have more home business, some of that's more DI, so that gets bigger versus the rest of the year. But I would say it's similar. I think closeouts have come across all year pretty much in most businesses. And so I think -- yes, I don't see a bigger shift. It could have gone up or down 2 or 3 points, but nothing major. 
Adam Orvos: And Aneesha, just building on those comments, within our CapEx, we're definitely investing in technology, more automation in our distribution centers. We're spending money in our stores just to automate. A lot of our noncustomer-facing tasks in more efficient ways to take markdowns and check inventory and also just investing in more analytics in the business. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Corey Tarlowe with Jefferies. 
Corey Tarlowe: Great. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you saw in footwear? I'm not sure if you did highlight it or if I missed it, but it would be great to get color there. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Shoes, again, was one of our best-performing businesses. And that was pretty -- that was broad-based across all the shoes. 
Corey Tarlowe: Got it. And then just as it relates to higher buying costs, I believe you highlighted. Could you discuss what drove that? 
Adam Orvos: The higher buying was all incentive cost related. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Loop Capital Markets. 
Laura Champine: It's really about California wage rates, not just with the minimum wage increase but also the fast-food wage increase slated for the new year. How much of that -- how much of a material impact do you think that might have on your expense lines for next year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Laura, obviously, we've been tracking up in California for some time with their minimum increases there. It's been a competitive market for us for a long time. I think in regards to the fast-food workers, we'll have to see how that spills over, but we believe we recruit from a different pool than the fast-food industry. 
Laura Champine: That's helpful. If I could get a clarification of a general sense of what percentage of your employees -- of your store-level employees are in California? Will that line up with your store count? 
Michael Hartshorn: It will be a little higher than our store count because those tend to be higher-volume stores but slightly above our store count, I would say. 
Operator: And the last question comes from the line of Bob Drbul with Guggenheim Securities. 
Arian Razai: This is Arian Razai on for Bob. It looks like inventories are up 5 -- on a 5% comp increase. Could you please expand on packaways, given the great brand availability, the reason of packaways have been trending down a couple of percentage points below last year and every quarter this year? Any changes in approach, a factor of higher deployment of product? Is it like better inventory productivity at stores? Any additional color would be super helpful. 
Barbara Rentler: Really no change to how we're running packaway. Sometimes when your business is very good, and we've been chasing a lot of business this year [indiscernible]. So we've been in a constant chase. And the thing about packaways, when you're buying goods that you're going to hold, you have to be absolutely sure that the values are correct. So the merchants are very discerning in what they buy when they put in packaway because when you're bringing it back out, we want to make sure that the value is right.
 So I don't think there's any way to look at packaway, there's a lot of goods out there. It could be packaway, just put more goods into our packaway we could. I think it's a merchant's job to really put the best product in there at the best possible values, and we're focused -- very focused on value. And so I don't think there's anything to read into it. But We feel -- actually, we feel very good about our content in the packaway that we own this shift because there's been a lot of very good deals and a lot of good products out there.
 So we have plenty of money to buy packaway if we'd like to buy some, but that is really comes to the merchant team. It's their call on what they believe is the right value. And then that's why, therefore, can fluctuate that plus the chase that we had in sales in the quarter. 
Arian Razai: Got it. Got it. So would you say that the product this year resonates better with the consumer like from the value perspective? 
Barbara Rentler: You mean the packaway product or just products in general? 
Arian Razai: Just products in general. 
Barbara Rentler: I think the customer is really responding to the better values. Clearly, she's financially pressed. And even though inflation is easing, she's still under pressure. And so whenever you can give the customer a better branded bargain at an unbelievable value, she's going to respond, which is why we're highly focused on that, and that would therefore take us through stronger market share. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to pass the call back over to Barbara Rentler for any closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Happy holidays. 
Operator: And this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-17 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores' First Quarter 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2022 Form 10-K and fiscal 2023 Form 8-Ks on the file with the SEC. 
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. 
 Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President, Chief Operating Officer; Adam Orvos, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations. 
 We'll begin our call today with a review of our first quarter 2023 performance, followed by our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 
 As noted in today's press release, despite continued inflationary pressures impacting our low to moderate income customers, first quarter sales were relatively in line with our expectations. Total sales of $4.5 billion, up from $4.3 billion last year, while comparable store sales rose 1%. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended April 29, 2023, are $1.09 on net income of $371 million. These results compare to $0.97 per share on net earnings of $338 million for the 13 weeks ended April 30, 2022. 
 Cosmetics and accessories were the strongest merchandise areas during the quarter, while the Midwest was the top-performing region. dd's DISCOUNTS performance in the first quarter continued to trail Ross, reflecting the aforementioned inflationary pressures that continues to have a larger impact on our lower income households. At quarter end, total consolidated inventories were down 16% versus last year. Average store inventories were up 2% at the end of the quarter. Packaway merchandise represented 42% of total inventories versus 43% last year.
 Turning to store growth. We opened 11 new Ross and 8 dd's DISCOUNTS locations in the first quarter. We continue to plan for approximately 100 new stores this year comprised of about 75 Ross and 25 dd's. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 stores. 
 Now, Adam will provide further details on our first quarter results and additional color on our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2023. 
Adam Orvos: Thank you, Barbara. 
 As previously mentioned, our comparable store sales were up 1% for the quarter, driven by an increase in transactions. First quarter operating margin of 10.1% was down from 10.8% in 2022. As expected, this decline primarily reflects higher incentive compensation versus last year when we underperformed our expectations. 
 Cost of goods sold improved by 50 basis points due to a combination of factors. Merchandise margin was up 120 basis points, primarily due to lower ocean freight costs, while domestic freight costs declined by 60 basis points. 
 Partially offsetting these 2 favorable items were higher distribution expenses of 65 basis points, driven primarily by unfavorable packaway-related costs and deleverage from the opening of our Houston distribution center. Buying increased by 60 basis points due to higher incentive compensation and occupancy deleveraged 5 basis points. 
 SG&A for the period rose 115 basis points, mainly due to higher incentive compensation and store wages versus last year. During the first quarter, we repurchased 2.2 million shares of common stock for an aggregate cost of $234 million. We remain on track to buy back a total of $950 million in stock for the year. 
 Now let's discuss our outlook for the remainder of 2023. 
 For the 13 weeks ending July 29, 2023, comparable sales are forecast to be relatively flat. Second quarter 2023 earnings per share are projected to be $1.07 to $1.14 versus $1.11 for the 13 weeks ended July 30, 2022. 
 Our guidance assumptions for the second quarter of 2023 include the following: total sales are forecast to increase 1% to 4% versus the prior year. We plan to open 27 locations in the second quarter, including 18 Ross and 9 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. Operating margin for the second quarter is planned to be in the 9.8% to 10.1% range, down from 11.3% in 2022 as higher merchandise margin from lower ocean freight cost is forecast to be offset by an increase in expenses, primarily related to incentive compensation and store wages. 
 We expect net interest income to be approximately $31 million. The tax rate is projected to be about 25%, and diluted shares outstanding are expected to be approximately 339 million. 
 Now turning to the full year. Based on our first quarter results and guidance for the second quarter, comparable store sales for the 52 weeks ending January 27, 2024, are still planned to be relatively flat. We now project earnings per share for the 53 weeks ending February 3, 2024, to be $4.77 to $4.99 compared to $4.38 for the 52 weeks ended January 28, 2023. This guidance includes an estimated benefit to full year 2023 earnings per share of approximately $0.15 from the 53rd week. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara Rentler for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Adam. 
 As noted on our last earnings call, we had expected fiscal 2023 to be another challenging year. This was especially true given the continued uncertainty in the macroeconomic, geopolitical and retail environment. As a result of today's uncertain external landscape, especially the prolonged inflationary pressures negatively impacting our customers' discretionary spend, shoppers are seeking even stronger values when visiting our stores. In response, we remain focused on delivering the most compelling bargains possible while diligently managing expenses and inventory to maximize our opportunities for growth. 
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So Barbara, maybe given the pressure on your low to middle income or low to moderate income customer base that you cited, how do you feel today about your merchandise assortments across categories from that value perspective? And then how are you managing buys in the marketplace just given the current level of disruption across the apparel landscape today? 
Barbara Rentler: The merchandise assortments from value perspective -- first, let me lead with, we weren't really satisfied with our results. So as I look across the different businesses, we had some businesses where the business didn't perform as well as we had expected, and we're addressing those issues. So let me start with that. As I look at value across the store, that has been a main focus for the merchants for the last few months. So I'd say that we've made progress across the board, but I still think that that is a major focus for us, offering the customer the best branded bargains possible at the best possible values we can put out there. 
 So I would say we're on a journey, and everyone is -- really, the merchant team is highly focused on this. And I really think that that's an important part, especially for our mid- to lower-income customers. 
 And then in terms of managing -- you're saying in terms of managing supply in the marketplace, is that how I interpret that question? 
Matthew Boss: Yes, just how you're managing buys given how much disruption there is in the overall apparel landscape? How much you're leaving, thinking about current open to buy and relative to maybe things opportunistic from a packaway perspective. 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. Well, we have enough open to buy for both packaway and to chase the business. So right now, the plan is postured that we would chase the business as we're coming across and we're monitoring the speed of spending. And the hotel, same scenario. Hotel inventories are basically at the same rate as they were last year. And so the merchants are out in the market seeking out deals and based on those deals, we make those decisions. So if a deal comes in one business and that wasn't really even planned for that business, we might take that plan up. 
 So we're really looking for with the overarching idea that what we want to do is get best possible values on the floor. So the merchants go to the market, and then there's discussions about what's out there. I know you know that there is pretty broad-based availability out there, maybe across most businesses anyway, in most brands in the market because as you know, supply fluctuates by type of product and vendor. But you have to kind of be out there and be in it to really see what's out there and then come back and then decide where do we want to take the deal. But that is our focus in both companies, delivering the best branded bargains that we possibly can. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: So you're holding your comp guide for the year, though, you noted the consumer is looking for a deeper value and your merchants are focused on that. So I guess I'm wondering how the expected makeup of that flat comp has changed versus your expectations at the start of the year? And to the extent that there's perhaps some lower ticket involved, are there any margin implications we should be aware of? 
Michael Hartshorn: Mark, it's Michael Hartshorn. Let me start by just talking a little bit about the first quarter. The comp in the first quarter was driven by a number of transactions, and that was -- for us, that's our proxy for traffic. It was up versus a year ago. So that's a good sign on customer traffic returning. The average basket was flat and it was flat on units per transaction, up on a lower AUR. 
 As far as how we're looking at the year, our outlook has not changed. We'll continue to manage the business with a conservative posture and be in a position to chase trends, chase the business and manage expense and inventory very conservatively. 
 On a stack basis as we move through the quarter, and as weather became more favorable, we did see trends improve on a multiyear basis. So what that says to us is, obviously, healthy traffic and a trend that, in our mind, hasn't changed and hasn't changed our outlook for the year. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez with Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: Curious about geographic dispersion, maybe if you could talk about some of your big states performance in those states, specifically California. How the trends look from the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter? And if maybe you could talk about apparel versus home performance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Paul. On trends during the quarter, as I just mentioned, on a stack basis, we did see -- and stack basis versus pre-COVID, we did see trends improve as we moved through the quarter with April being the strongest. Geographically, we mentioned the Midwest with the top-performing region for our larger markets. Texas was above the chain average. Florida was in line and California underperformed the chain average given the difficult weather throughout the quarter in the West. Merchandise-wise, accessories and cosmetics were the best-performing businesses as we said in the script. Overall, shoes performed above the chain average, while home was in line and apparel trailed. 
Paul Lejuez: Michael, can you just -- a little bit more on California. Any quantification of how much of it was below the chain? And did that gap close that between California and the rest of the chain by the end of the quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: It did close, it was -- we wouldn't get into the specifics, but it did underperform the chain average and it improved as weather improved. 
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: As you move through the quarter, did you see any signs of customers trading down into Ross or any other notable changes in consumer behavior? 
Michael Hartshorn: I'd say overall, Lorraine, it was -- it's hard -- there's so many factors that go into sales. Obviously, the low-end customer continues to be pressured, whether it's ongoing inflation, reduction in SNAP benefits, lower tax refunds, but it was hard to see whether there's a trade down customer in that data. 
Lorraine Maikis: And the lower AUR in the quarter, was that all moving towards sharper price points? Or is there a mix component to that that we should factor in? 
Barbara Rentler: That's really off of a sharper price point. It wasn't generated by mix. 
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: The merchandise margin had a nice uptick here in the first quarter relative to the last quarter. Can you talk about the drivers? I think you called out freight and then how you're thinking about that line item over the balance of the year? 
Adam Orvos: Yes. Chuck, this is Adam. So I mentioned the merchandise margin grew by 120 basis points in Q1. Ocean freight was clearly the most impactful component here driving the improvement. Our performance in merc margin was in line with what we embedded in our guidance for Q1. And assuming rates stay where they are, I expect that to continue as we move through the year. 
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Barbara, I want to ask you about packaway, the 42% this year versus 43%. First and foremost, it sounds like you believe that your assortment is on trend, and then typically, when there are these kind of late weather breaks to kind of warmer weather across retail, it gives you the opportunity to chase into sort of known winters. Do you feel better about the assortment heading into the second quarter? And then, Adam, or Barbara, with frontline still being very promotional, does that somehow impede the ability to drive maybe higher AURs because the value is not as evident as it may be when frontline is a little bit less promotional? 
Barbara Rentler: Okay, Adrienne. So let's start with packaway, I think the first question was about packaway, the content at packaway? So the content at packaway, we feel good about that content at packaway. Last year at this particular moment in time was when we started to bring in goods because of all the carrier issues that went on with whenever things speeded up, we took good and put them into packaway as we told all of you that we use later on in the year, really our direct imports. So the packaway that we have in there now is really closed out great deals that we feel very good about. So the percent might be the same, but the content is different. So that's the first one. 
 The second one, in terms of the late weather break, I'm not sure I 100% understand what you mean by that. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: So oftentimes when it's been cold in the Northeast and many people were sort of -- retailers were sort of missing plan for -- just because it was colder than for longer. And in the past, it seems like those types of poor weather transitions have given you the opportunity, but I think you just answered it in your first one. 
Barbara Rentler: Yes. Yes, you're saying were there additional great deals out there because weather is good. That's kind of ongoing. And the merchants, yes, are in the market, looking close out facing the business and all of that. So that's very different by type of business. Yes, there are -- so that's part of the supply availability that's out there. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: And the spread, the kind of wide the spread from frontline to your pricing? 
Barbara Rentler: I think you're just saying that they are promoting now, it's more promotional than it's been and then what's our relationship to the promotional environment? 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Yes. Does it make it harder to create that value notion when the frontline retailers are sort of every day sitting on the 50 half. 
Barbara Rentler: Yes. Listen, look, I think the promotional environment is still very -- is still competitive. It's still a competitive market. We watch people get more promotional in the last few months. I don't think that that's going away. I think what has to happen is and what is happening is that the buyers have to be in the market, constantly working with vendors to understand 2 things. One, not only just brand availability, but also pricing because they need -- they know that they need to get -- they need to have their values be sharper. So they're competitive shopping, seeing what's going on in stores and then they're in the market and vendors are giving them the lay of the land, availability, I have -- what you're talking about the excess goods close out and also kind of where the pricing is, they're keeping that in mind because they're studying that. 
 So for a while, the world's got very different and there was much more regular price selling, particularly in department stores. We're watching as you're watching that erode and it's becoming more promotional. So those have been best practices for the company for years. And so that's what the merchants are doing to ensure that if they're watching it and then making some assumptions about what they believe could happen in front of them, which would be -- but traditionally done enough price prior to all of the things that have gone on since COVID has started and more regular price selling and all of that. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Kate Fitzsimons: This is Kate on for Ike. I guess just to hone in on the gross margin piece, you guys had a decent amount of volatility in both distribution and buying buckets last year within COGS. Can you walk us through how you think those line items progress through the rest of the year, maybe direction or magnitude? 
Adam Orvos: Yes. Kate, this is Adam. So we'll take them individually. So ocean freight costs, a significant tailwind in Q1. Again, given all the volatility we've seen over time, don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves, but kind of what's embedded in the guidance is we'll continue to see that as a tailwind as we go through the balance of the year. Domestic freight, we called out the 60 basis points of improvement year-over-year. Again, highly dependent here on fuel prices. And obviously, there's wage increases embedded in those costs. But assuming those things stay stable, would continue to expect that to be a tailwind for us as we go forward. 
 The biggest piece that we've called out for some time, offsetting those benefits are incentive costs. So we gave you the details of that approximately in the call comments, I would also say in the second quarter, when we look at it, will probably be the most impactful quarter for us from an incentive cost increase this year versus last year. We also commented on distribution expenses. So again, driven by timing of packaway and then the planned deleverage from our newer distribution center in Houston. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. 
Alexandra Straton: Great. So it feels like this is kind of an ongoing narrative for the last year that you're not super happy with the value you're offering the customer. Though historically, I think you've proven super consistent and successful there. So I'm just wondering, has anything changed in the buying organization? Or what do you think the buying team is getting wrong now? And maybe how you're thinking about correcting this or putting initiatives in place to perhaps get this back on track? 
Barbara Rentler: Look, I think the value equation we've been working on for the last few months -- over the last year, moving towards getting to that value point, I think we're kind of at a different place now than where we were a few months ago, both in brands and in values on the floor. So I don't see it kind of the merchants aren't doing their job. I kind of see it as an evolution. And so we are very, very highly focused now on delivering compelling value as we watch our customers in both companies struggle with all the inflation and all the things that are going on around them, we've gotten pretty beary. 
 Let me put this way, we're very highly focused on delivering those values. So where we were, let's say, 6 months ago and how we're thinking about it now, continues to evolve. And so we want to make sure that we have a really wide assortment, fresh receipts, branded merchandise and where it's appropriate that we're sharpening our branded values to strengthen the offerings because of the competitive retail environment. So I don't feel like it's not necessarily working, I feel like it's evolving, and I think our business last year evolved as we went along, and it's important for us to make sure that we deliver really sharp value to our customers, particularly in this time frame. And now that the world is getting even more competitive and more promotional, we have to look through that lens also. 
 So I think that we need to stay focused on it and do a better job on this and making sure that we really understand where it's appropriate that we are sharpening out our branded values. And so I don't think it's not working. I think it's much more of an evolution in all of our businesses. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Simeon Siegel with BMO Capital Markets. 
Simeon Siegel: Any change in the percent of sales being driven by top vendors versus last year and then just versus a historical trend. Just wondering if concentration of the largest vendors has changed at all? And then just because it's coming up fairly frequently, any updated thoughts on shrink. 
Michael Hartshorn: I'll start. It's Michael, Simeon. On shrink, we -- the shrink was a little bit higher for us last year, wasn't meaningfully higher. We've assumed that it will stay at or slightly above those levels in our estimates, but no updates -- we typically update the financial impact of that when we take true up our physical inventory in the third quarter. 
Barbara Rentler: And the percentage of our top vendors versus historical, I mean, that moves based up of supply, right? So one year, we could have a great deal of merchandise from one vendor, top vendor and then the next year, a little bit less, but a little bit more from someone else. So I think that it kind of moves around. I don't think it's changed that much. I don't know if we're defining as top vendors, but it hasn't changed that much. It changes more by the vendor itself and the availability that's out there. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey with the Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about the performance of dd's and what's happening in the environment, was there any differential in dd's performance in the fourth quarter to the first quarter and what you saw? And then just lastly, on the Bed Bath & Beyond locations that are available, if you were to get any, would that be in addition to the current run rate of store openings this year? Or would it be part of it? 
Michael Hartshorn: Dana, on dd's, the sales trends continue to trail Ross' results during the first quarter. I wouldn't comment on the differential between fourth and first. Obviously, their customer faces even more macro headwinds relative to Ross', which is, I think, reflected in their underperformance. I would also say, though, similar to Ross, we are sharply focused on offering better values to help drive improved sales performance there. 
 On Bed Bath & Beyond, it will no doubt provide opportunities for new store locations. We'll have to review each potential new site on a case-by-case basis to see if it's appropriate for us. But I would say, it's not going to impact our 100 store opening plan for this year. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bob Drbul with Guggenheim. 
Robert Drbul: I guess just a question for me is as you think about what's happening in the macro, when you look at your good, better, best mix, are you migrating your offering to the lower end of the spectrum? I'm just curious just in terms of the buys or how you're thinking about the merchandising piece of it. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. So we have a good, better, best strategy, and that is really driven by the assortment that we put on the floor and the values we put out there. So we want a tiered strategy because we're going to track much more broader set of customers. But that can move based on supply, based on availability, based on our purchases. So it fluctuates as you go. 
Robert Drbul: And your -- as you think about the rest of the year, you're not really buying for sort of more of a good environment versus a better versus best in your offering? 
Barbara Rentler: I think that depends by business. I think that I can't tell you that that is a company-wide strategy. I think that moves by business based on what the business is. And clearly, the dd's customer, in particular, is very price-sensitive, so really paying attention to the values we're putting on the floor or the pricing we're putting on the floor, both. So -- but even at dd's, these things, it moves around. So we are obviously conscious there, particularly with that customer. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: Given the ongoing inflationary pressures in the macro, I'm wondering if you can provide updated thoughts on the longer-term path to recapturing pre-COVID operating margins? Are there any initiatives that you're contemplating to help drive that recovery outside of sharpening values and driving additional market share capture? 
Adam Orvos: Brooke, this is Adam. Thanks for the question. So our long-term operating margin improvements are to be highly dependent on us delivering strong sales over a sustained period of time. And then the question on how long do inflationary pressures persist, but -- over the longer term, we believe we can achieve gradual improvement in profitability. I think if you get into like, are there any structural questions related to that? We're seeing tangible benefit in freight cost, but we're still -- these costs still are not at pre-pandemic levels. And then we're seeing some wage pressures in the stores. 
 When you talk about -- we've guided to CapEx of $810 million. So a big component of that in addition to distribution center capacity, in addition to investing in the 100 new stores, a big chunk of that is technology investments that will drive further efficiencies within the stores and in our distribution centers. So more automation in our distribution centers and some store initiatives that we've touched on in the past. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: It's about the weather's impact on your comp in Q1. Is that something you can quantify or maybe if that's a tough one, maybe give us the discrepancy roughly between California and the rest of the chain? 
Michael Hartshorn: Laura, it's hard to calculate. I mean, I think it -- suffice it to say, it didn't help our business. I would say California was slightly under the -- trailed the chain average and did improve as weather improved is what we'd say. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: I just wanted to clarify. I think you said the 53rd week adds about $0.15. Could we expect between like $350 million to $400 million in sales? Is that a decent number to use for that week? Or is it a little less because it's a January week? Just curious. 
Adam Orvos: Probably a little bit less than that, Marni, given that it's, as you said, given that it's January, early February. 
Marni Shapiro: That's what I figured. And then this came up on other calls, it looks like your traffic is good that people are looking for sharper deals, but you obviously called out accessories and cosmetics beauty, which tends to have a lower AUR. Are people gravitating towards the lower-priced items? Or as you've seen the weather improve, have you seen apparel come back in slightly higher AUR, but they're looking for the apparel items that are on sale or just at the better prices. I'm curious sort of what the dynamic is there. 
Barbara Rentler: So apparel struggled in Q1. So I don't necessarily think it was driven off the prices. I think that the assortments were not necessarily where we wanted them to be. So depending upon what this discussion, that could have been the price, that could have been the product because there's a variety of factors in there. So I don't think I could take it down to a common denominator price or say, was it driven by markdowns or was it driven -- it really -- I would say, it was driven by the assortment when it's all said and done. Certainly, the weather didn't help, but I don't think the weather is a big enough impact, so I could sit here and say that. I think our assortments weren't necessarily where we wanted them to be. And so we're working on that, and we're going to continue to work on that. But it's not really based off of a price or one thing or -- we have our work cut out for us and the merchants are working on that now. 
Michael Hartshorn: It wasn't driven by mix. It was driven -- being sharper priced across the assortment. 
Marni Shapiro: So it was across -- you saw the softness across the assortment in apparel. It wasn't specific -- AUR? 
Michael Hartshorn: You asked that was AUR driven by mix in the business. It was not driven by mix. 
Marni Shapiro: But on the apparel side, was the softness across the board, whether it was men's Polo shirts or women's dresses or kids, every department across the board was soft? Or were there certain spots even without disclosing if you don't want to, were there certain spots that were -- that really need a lot of work and other spots that were okay. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, obviously, we're not going to get into details, but within all the apparel businesses, like common sense to tell you that some businesses are better than others, right? So with that, we wouldn't get into specifics, but there's no -- you're asking is there like you're [indiscernible]. In one particular area? I don't know. I know what you're referring [indiscernible] there. 
Marni Shapiro: I was kind of thinking on the positive. Was there something that you're saying -- dress were killer. 
Barbara Rentler: Couldn't decide where you were going with that. Every business has businesses that were performing, some businesses didn't and so we're not going to get into specifics on that. What I would say is that the merchants are very diligently working on the assortments, whether it's delivering the right products, whether it's the values, I mean they're really highly focused on that right now. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Corey Tarlowe with Jefferies. 
Corey Tarlowe: Barbara, just on the availability across your good, better, best spectrum that you have. Is there any better availability within any one of those 3 segments as you speak to your merchants? 
Barbara Rentler: You're just saying where does the supply -- the supply is pretty broad-based. I mean supply in most businesses, there's always more one vendor than the other, more on product than the other. I mean, it fluctuates overall, there's still a lot of supply. I wouldn't say it's bucketed in one of those 3 buckets. No, I would still say it's pretty broad-based. 
Corey Tarlowe: Got it. And then just on the lower AUR common being driven by sharper price points. I guess within the context of the guide for the full year for flat comps, is the expectation that the AUR is likely to be lower throughout the rest of the year as well? 
Barbara Rentler: The -- putting out better value doesn't necessarily mean that your AUR is going down. But what we're focused on is we're focused on delivering really sharp value. So depending upon what -- you're -- using your example of the good, better, best depending upon what that mix looks like, that doesn't necessarily mean the AUR is going down. What we're really trying to do is we're really trying to focus on sharpening our branded values for the customer. And so we think that's our path to driving sales, and we think that's our path ultimately to gaining market share. So those 2 don't necessarily go hand in hand. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jay Sole with UBS. 
Jay Sole: It looks like you beat the low end of your -- the guidance that you gave for EPS in the first quarter by about $0.10, but you're raising the low end of the full year guidance by about $0.12. Can you just tell us what the extra $0.02 is, where that's coming from? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I think the better way to look at it is what we did on the top end. We beat the top end by 4, you lose a quarter in that, and then we raised the full year by the $0.04. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Aneesha Sherman with Bernstein. 
Aneesha Sherman: So your guidance implies -- your 2-year stack comp for this quarter was minus 6%, and your guidance implies a deceleration of that stack to about minus 7% for Q2 and then a pickup in the back half to get kind of closer to 0 to your stack. Can you talk about how you're thinking about the progression through the year? And why are you more cautious about Q2 and then a little bit more optimistic for the back half of the year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Aneesha. I think it's hard to look at these on a 2-year stack with all the fiscal stimulus and COVID. So we're really looking at it, pre-COVID, what's changed on a 4-year stack and how that's progressed over time. And we went into the year and had a plan in the first quarter. What we saw is that 4-year stack improved as we move through the quarter and weather improved and exited in a place that would support that stack guidance for the year. 
Aneesha Sherman: Okay. So just to clarify, you are embedding an improvement in the 4-year stack through the course of the year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Correct, yes. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Krista Zuber with TD Cowen. 
Krista Zuber: It's Krista on for John. Just a quick question. On inventory, you've had several -- at least 2 quarters here of a fairly sizable declines. Just wondering how you're thinking about it through the balance of this year. And should we continue to expect declines on a quarterly basis through the end of the year? Or do you think at some point, you sort of pull in line with your sales growth expectations. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. It's -- if you look at the first quarter, for instance, we were down 16%, but we were up against elevated inventories last year when supply chain lead times eased, and we had a surplus of early receipts. So what you'd expect as we move through the year with the -- with that elevated inventory last year, it started to recede, in the third and fourth quarter and you get more comparable, but we should be lower given the excess inventory we had last year in the first half of the year. 
Operator: And at this time, I'm seeing no further questions. I'd like to pass it back over to Barbara Rentler for any closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thanks for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. 
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-27 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2021 Form 10-K and fiscal 2022 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler. Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President and Chief Operating Officer; Adam Orvos, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with a review of our fourth quarter and 2022 performance, followed by our outlook for 2023. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As noted in today's press release, during a very competitive holiday season, our fourth quarter sales and earnings results exceeded our guidance due to customers' positive response to our improved assortment and stronger value offerings. Earnings per share for the fourth quarter were $1.31 on net income of $447 million. These results compare to earnings per share of $1.04 on net earnings of $367 million for the  13 weeks ended January 29, 2022. Sales for the fourth quarter of 2022 were $5.2 billion with comparable store sales up 1% on top of a 9% increase for the same period in 2021. 
 For the 2022 fiscal year, earnings per share were $4.38 on net income of $1.5 billion compared to $4.87 per share on net earnings of $1.7 billion in 2021. Sales for 2022 were $18.7 billion, with comparable store sales down 4% versus a robust 13%  increase in the prior year. Fourth quarter operating margin was 10.7% compared to 9.8% in 2021. This improvement was mainly driven by lower freight and incentive costs that were partially offset by unfavorable timing of packaway-related expenses.
 Now let's turn to additional details on our fourth quarter results. For the holiday selling season, shoes was the best-performing merchandise area, while Florida was the strongest region. Similar to Ross, dd's DISCOUNTS sales trends improved compared to the prior quarter but continue to trail Ross' results primarily due to ongoing inflationary pressures that are continuing to have a larger impact on dd's lower-income customers. Inventory levels moderated significantly from the first half of 2022 with consolidated inventories down 11% versus last year. Average store inventories during the quarter were down slightly compared to 2021 holiday period, while packaway merchandise represented 40% of total inventories similar to last year. We also believe we are well positioned to take advantage of the numerous buying opportunities in the marketplace.
 As noted in today's release, the company repurchased a total of 2.1 million and 10.3 million shares of common stock, respectively, for an aggregate purchase price of $231 million in the quarter and $950 million for the fiscal year. These purchases were made pursuant to the 2-year $1.9 billion program announced in March of 2022. We expect to complete the $950 million remaining under this authorization in fiscal 2023. Our Board also recently increased our quarterly cash dividend by 8% and to $0.335 per share to be payable on March 31, 2023, to stockholders of record as of March 14, 2023. Our stock repurchase and increased dividend program reflects our continued commitment to enhancing stockholder value and returns as well as our confidence in the strength of our balance sheet and projected future cash flows.
 Now Adam will provide further details on our fourth quarter results and additional color on our outlook for fiscal 2023. 
Adam Orvos: Thank you, Barbara. As previously mentioned, comparable store sales rose 1% for the quarter on top of a 9% gain in the prior year. This slight increase was due to growth in the size of the average basket as traffic was relatively flat compared to last year. As Barbara discussed earlier, fourth quarter operating margin of 10.7% was up 90 basis points from 9.8% in 2021. Cost of goods sold grew 15 basis points versus last year due to a combination of factors. Distribution expenses rose 90 basis points primarily due to timing of packaway-related costs and deleverage from the opening of our Houston distribution center earlier in the year, while domestic freight and occupancy delevered by 20 and 5 basis points, respectively. Partially offsetting these costs with higher merchandise margin, which grew by 15 basis points as the benefit from lower ocean freight costs more than offset somewhat higher markdowns. Buying expenses also improved by 85 basis points due to lower incentive compensation. SG&A for the period levered by 105 basis points, again, primarily due to lower incentive expense.
 Now let's discuss our outlook for fiscal 2023. As Barbara noted in our press release, the macroeconomic and geopolitical environments remain highly uncertain. As a result, we believe it is prudent to remain conservative when planning our business. While we hope to do better for the 52 weeks ending January 27, 2024, we are planning comparable store sales to be relatively flat. If sales perform in line with this plan, we expect earnings per share for 2023 to be in the range of $4.65 to $4.95 compared to $4.38 in fiscal 2022. It is important to note that fiscal 2023 is a 53-week year. Incorporated in this guidance range is an estimated benefit to earnings per share of approximately $0.15 from the extra week.
 Our guidance assumptions for the 2023 year include the following: Total sales are planned to grow by 2% to 5% for the 53 weeks ending February 3, 2024. Comparable store sales for the 52 weeks ending January 27, 2024, are planned to be relatively flat. Based on these sales plans, Operating margin for the full year is expected to be in the range of 10.3% to 10.7%. This reflects the resetting of the baseline for incentive compensation, higher wages, the deleveraging effect on flattish same-store sales and lower freight costs. Also incorporated in this operating margin guidance is an estimated benefit of about 20 basis points from the 53rd week.
 For 2023, we expect to open approximately 100 new locations comprised of about 75 Ross and 25 dd's DISCOUNTS. As usual, these openings do not include our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores. Net interest income is estimated to be $115 million. Depreciation and amortization expense inclusive of stock-based amortization is forecast to be about $570 million for the year. The tax rate is projected to be about 24% to 25% and diluted shares outstanding are expected to be approximately $339 million. In addition, capital expenditures for 2023 are planned to be approximately $810 million as we make further investments in our stores, supply chain and merchant processes to support our long-term growth and to increase efficiencies throughout the business.
 Let's turn now to our guidance for the first quarter. Elevated inflation continues to impact our low to moderate income customer. As such, we are also planning comparable store sales to be relatively flat for the 13 weeks ending April 29, 2023. This compares to a 7% decrease and a 13% gain in the first quarter of 2022 and 2021, respectively. If sales perform in line with this plan, we expect earnings per share for the first quarter of 2023 to be $0.99 to $1.05 versus $0.97 last year. The operating statement assumptions that support our first quarter guidance include the following: Total sales are planned to be up 1% to 4% versus last year's first quarter. We would then expect first quarter operating margin to be 9.6% to 9.9% compared to 10.8% last year. The expected decline reflects the deleveraging effect of same-store sales perform in line with our plan, unfavorable timing of packaway-related costs and higher wages. Further, merchandise margin is forecast to benefit from lower freight costs. We plan to add 19 new stores consisting of 11 Ross and 8 dd's DISCOUNTS during the period. Net interest income is estimated to be $28 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 24% to 25% and diluted shares are forecast to be about $341 million.
 Now I will turn the call back to Barbara Rentler for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Adam. To sum up, over the past 3 years, we have faced a wide range of unprecedented challenges from the COVID pandemic, supply chain disruptions as well as ongoing inflationary headwinds. These factors have not only negatively impacted our own business, but also our customers' household budgets, their discretionary income and their shopping behaviors. As a result, our shoppers today are seeking even stronger values when visiting our stores. In response, our merchants are fine-tuning our assortments with an increased focus on delivering the most competitive bargains available while continuing to adjust our product mix based on our customers' evolving preferences. Looking ahead, we have significantly increased our focus on strictly controlling inventory and operating expenses throughout the company. We strongly believe that these measures will enable us to maximize our potential for both sales and profit growth in 2023 and beyond.
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I wanted to ask about freight, both of the components within gross margin. How much recovery do you have baked into your guidance for this year versus pre-COVID levels? And then how much opportunity remains for the next year and the year after? 
Adam Orvos: Yes. So Lorraine, this is Adam. Thanks for the question. related to merchandise margin, Q1 and fiscal 2023 will clearly benefit from lower ocean freight costs as we anniversary the significantly higher cost from last year. While these costs will drop, they'll likely still be higher than pre-pandemic levels in the short term. But on the ocean side, they've clearly dropped dramatically and we'll harvest a significant portion of the increase we've faced over the last 3 years. On the domestic side, because of wages -- elevated wages and still higher fuel cost than pre-pandemic, we'll harvest back some of the domestic freight, but not as tangible in 2023 as it will be on the ocean side. 
Lorraine Maikis: So you'd say some  opportunity will remain for fiscal '24? 
Adam Orvos: Probably not prudent to go that far ahead, but it clearly will be a tailwind on both sides for us in 2023. And depending on how much they move in 2023. That I'll kind of see what's left for 2024. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on a nice quarter. So Barbara, on fourth quarter same-store sales inflecting back to positive territory, maybe can you just speak to the cadence of traffic that you saw during the quarter? And then on the outlook for flat comps in both 1Q and for the year relative to historically a 1% to 2% starting plan. Have you seen a material change in customer behavior post-holiday? Or is this more just taking a prudent stance given the volatility that you cited? 
Michael Hartshorn: Matthew, it's Michael Hartshorn. On the guidance for the first quarter, as we said in our commentary, with the lasting inflation and highly uncertain macro economy ahead of us, we firmly believe it's prudent to be conservative in planning the business. Internally, this puts us in a chase mode to start the year, both from an inventory open-to-buy perspective and in managing the underlying cost in the business. It's a playbook that we're familiar with. We know well and believe it will allow us to, as we said in the commentary, maximize both the top line and the bottom line in an uncertain environment, and we'll have to see how it plays out for the year. In terms of traffic data, as we said in the commentary, traffic was relatively flat in the quarter, and that was relatively consistent across the fourth quarter. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then maybe just a follow-up on gross margin. So if we exclude the freight recovery, how are you thinking about underlying merchandise margins within this year's guide? Meaning, is there any impact we need to think about with some of the changes in mix that you cited? Maybe how best to think about price. I mean, what I'm really trying to get at is beyond this year, do you think there's any structural underlying change to double-digit earnings growth in this model if we can get back to that 3% to 4% comp algorithm? 
Michael Hartshorn: Let me talk a little bit about the long-term operating model. We certainly, with ocean freights coming down, we'd expect to see a big benefit this year. Longer term, the margin improvements will be highly dependent on sustained strong sales growth, but also, as we mentioned, to a large extent, the persistence and the inflationary costs in the business. We, again, expect to see ocean freight costs preceding this year, but they still remain above pre-pandemic levels and a number of transportation lanes. So that could be a benefit beyond 2023.
 We also expect to see lower domestic freight rates this year, and that's embedded in our guidance. But we see these pressures easing over a longer horizon and is somewhat dependent on fuel costs. Wage costs have risen, but are growing at a slower pace than they did during the pandemic. We expect from a wage perspective that it will be an ongoing pressure, but we are finding ways to be more efficient in the business that's offsetting some of those costs. So all of those taken together, we believe we can grow our EBIT margins and profitability over time, but it will be very important to drive top line sales growth in that equation. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: In terms of the competitive backdrop, some of the bigger general merchandise retailers look leaner on inventory, especially apparel and discretionary categories heading into the spring. Just curious how that's incorporating into your thinking on comps and potential for some recapture of market share cycling last year? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. I think -- then pulling back on general merchandise potentially gives sense gives us an opportunity to grow those businesses since it's such a big part of our business. But I really think regaining, capturing market share, however we want to say that, it really depends on driving sales, and we think that the best way to drive sales is for us to continue to focus on value for our customer. I mean that's really what helped us perform in the fourth quarter is really making sure that we're delivering the best brand of organ possible throughout the entire store. And that really is our focus. That compounded with the fact that there's a lot of merchandise in the marketplace, which will enable us to do that. I think that's really what will help us gain back that market share, whether it's coming from a big box or it's coming from other parts of retail departmental stores whatever it is. I think that's really the key for our success go forward to drive top line sales. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez with Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: Are you seeing any signs of a trade-down customers showing up in your stores? I know you said transactions traffic was flat, but curious if the customer base is changing at all or maybe you're seeing some higher income folks show up, maybe some of the lower income folks shop less. I'm also curious how you're thinking about the drivers of comp in F '23 from a traffic versus ticket perspective. 
Michael Hartshorn: Paul, on the trade-down customer, there isn't what we see in our data, a material shift in spending trends across the different income demographics. So at this point for us, we don't see any evidence that the trade down -- that there is the trade down customers impacting our business. On how we're thinking about the business going forward. We don't typically plan the business based on the components of the transaction. As Barbara said, our focus is on value and off-price value will lead to a better traffic, it will lead to a higher basket if you offer great deals to the customer, and that's how we're thinking about the business going forward. 
Paul Lejuez: Got it. And can you just share what your home versus apparel comps were in 4Q? Also curious about California, Florida, Texas performance. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. The home sales were slightly above the chain average. And then overall, apparel, non-apparel performance was relatively similar. And the thing that part of what's really drove home is that Home has the highest penetration of gifting and that part of our business performed well. 
Adam Orvos: And Paul, on the geography side, Florida, as we mentioned, it was the strongest market. Regarding our other large markets, California performed slightly above the chain average and Texas tracked in line with the change average. With all that said, we did not see a lot of deviation in the numbers by geographic area. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Could you unpack how you're thinking about the merch margin, excluding the freight here for the year, I guess, the product margin. Just trying to think -- just trying to marry up what you guys are seeing on inventory buys and how pricing can lead us to the product margin this year? And then I guess, pretty simple one, Michael, when you guys think about the puts and takes on -- or Michael or Adam, I should say, puts and takes on the margins and the buckets that you pointed to resetting the incentive comp, the higher wages, the flat same-store sales impact and the lower freight cost. Can you speak to how the upside would flow through on 1 point of comp this year? I know you always give us some -- the framework of about 15 basis points, I think, for memory, what's better in the composition of the model this year? What's worse than normal on a 1 point of upside in the comp? 
Michael Hartshorn: Michael, you got it exactly right. 1 point of comp is approximately 10 to 15 basis points of EBIT margin expansion. So that hasn't changed. 
Adam Orvos: And Michael, I'll jump in. So like on operating margin, the moving parts in 2023. So first of all, we're planning the flat comp, which will cause some amount of deleverage. As you mentioned, we have to reset our incentive cost at target levels. So 2022 was clearly an underperforming year for us, and that was on top of a 2021 where we significantly overperformed our plan. So for 2023, we will reset that baseline at target levels. Michael mentioned earlier, we've seen wage increases, both in our stores and our distribution centers. And while that's easing we've not been able to fully mitigate those increases within the stores by driving other efficiencies. And then my earlier comments on freight, we expect good news on both sides but more dramatic improvement on the ocean side. 
Barbara Rentler: And then in terms of buying, Michael, I know you know there's a lot of merchandise out in the marketplace. But the way we're way we're looking at that now is we are really highly focused on value and giving our customers the best value possible. And -- so that very much depends on our mix on the buys, what we're doing and really driving broad-based across the company. I can't emphasize this enough, the best value possible that we can because that really -- our customer is under such inflationary pressures that it definitely is impacting on her spend and so her discretionary spend. And so that's really how we're thinking about that, making sure that our values are correct and that we have a good, better, best strategy and that she really feels great about what she buys and that it's compelling to come to the store. And so those AUR since it would take us down the path of AUR is not a direct opening price point strategy. It really is good, better, best strategy based on brands that we have out there so that she can really get the value that she's come to expect from us. 
Michael Binetti: Barb, could I chase that with a question on how you think about what are the biggest opportunities that you see to go after some market share this year to help -- if there is an opportunity to drive comp above flat, maybe it's from the ability to compete better, anything that stands out to you early in the year? 
Barbara Rentler: I think -- well, I think there's a few things. Just internally, we had our own internal issues, obviously, last year within our assortments. So correcting those issues right now is important to us just from a balance and mix perspective. Based off of the carrier issues and the things that went wrong last year, I think that's probably first and foremost, getting that corrected and then really rightsizing again, our values that we're offering the customer and understanding what our pricing strategy really is and hitting all 3 customers.
 Then outside of that is if we execute better, history would tell us and we chase, which is what we do best, in a time where there's a lot of merchandise in the market, which there is, we should be able to drive sales and take market share. And that market share, as you know, can come from any bucket of merchandising now since everyone is -- whether it's big boxes or everyone is in the game now. So I think that's kind of the formula for us to correct our issues from last year to get our value straight and so that the customer really is getting a great deal maximizing those closeouts in the market. 
 And listen, remember, we have a very large merchant team. We have 900 merchants. And so -- and strong relationships in the market. So now is the time for us to maximize on that and to really give the customer what she's come to expect from us and to get ourselves set. And if we do those things, then I think we'll get ourselves on the track we want to be on and continue to grow and gain market share. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. 
Alexandra Straton: It sounds like sales recovery is key to returning to pre-COVID margin and the earnings algorithm, but are you exploring ways to kind of offset that while top line growth is underperforming that typical algorithm? Maybe put differently, what specific levers do you have in COGS or SG&A to offset some of the freight and wage headwinds you're seeing this year? I know you mentioned some efficiencies, but any examples there -- levers broadly would be helpful to hear. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. You'll see in our capital spend this year, we have about $810 million included in that and one of the biggest increases there are technology investments that we're making. And some examples of that would be automation in our distribution centers. It would be looking at store level activities and providing technology to make those more efficient in all of our stores, for instance, how our associates mark down goods, how they receive in the back room and making sure we can continue to have associates focusing on customer facing and activities. So those are a few of those examples. And we have -- as we have over the years, have a road map of efficiencies that will continue to work on as an organization and drive into the P&L. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Jesse Sobelson: This is Jesse Sobelson on for Ike. I believe at the beginning of last year's first quarter, the buying environment was just beginning to turn into a tailwind for you guys. So how does the environment look today versus this time last year and then versus maybe 6 months ago? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. The buying environment right now is very good. I mean there's a lot of merchandise. It's very broad-based. It's across all different classifications and types of products. So the buying environment is probably as good as it gets right now. I would say that, that environment has been there, though for the last few months and started at the beginning of last year, just timed perhaps differently depending upon what type of product it was and when it came in, all going back to the carrier issue, right? So everyone was kind of -- vendors were kind of late in receiving their goods because people couldn't really control the way the freight came in. So it's been here for a while. I would think at this point in time, a lot of stores have promoting to get their inventories in line in-store, but the vendor community still has a lot of merchandise that they'd like to move through and take them forward to newness to the next year. 
 So I think it's I think it's very good now. I think it's been good, and I think it will be good for a while as the vendors are trying to work through that and understand what that looks like and then understand what kind of inventory position they want to take go forward as opposed to having a result and that coming from the carrier issues that everybody kind of felt at the same time. So... 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Great. First, just a housekeeping. Is it fair to use $200 million to $250 million in sales for that 53rd week? And then Barbara, I think, maybe this for you. What is the issue with sort of the packaway timing. And I know packaway ended up at 40% but that's still below kind of run rate norm. And I'm just thinking if the environment is super conducive, would you not want to kind of have that short stay because I know you guys do it more on a 4-month or less or whatever shorter duration. 
 And then last one is for the shrink. I think you do it once a year, but what shrink as a percent of sales in a normal backdrop, where is it today? Sorry to interrupt. 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. No problem. So the packaway is 40%, overall deals that we feel very, very good about. And you have to remember that in the beginning of last year, and you'll see this as we go along, we had all those late goods that were home goods that we took into our  DCs,  which would have increased part of our packaway. The 40% that we have in there right now, we feel very good about. And buying packaway is an art, you can buy a lot of packaway time you want, right? But the packaway you put in there, you have to feel it's great product at great values. And right now, with the buying environment being very favorable with really, quite frankly, broad access to some really key brands, you're going to be very judicious about what you put in packaway and how you time that and what that looks like. So I'd say we feel good about the position we're in today. We have a tremendous amount of liquidity and we really feel like we're in a good place. 
Michael Hartshorn: Adrienne, on shrink. So our strength, we don't disclose what it is externally, but it is a place where we constantly invest, whether it's security tags or no equipment in the stores. If you've been in our stores, you see we have people in front of the store and our shrink was slightly higher this year as we closed out the year. 
Adam Orvos: And Adrienne... 
Barbara Rentler: Yes, go ahead. 
Adam Orvos: Well, I was just going to jump in on the 53rd week. So a little bit higher than what you said. You can think about it as an additional week, somewhat pro rata, but then downward calibrated a little bit that it's, call it, in January, February week and lighter than an average week. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Curious if stores in higher demographic markets performed better and store in lower income demographic markets. And a second follow-up, there's a lot of talk about SNAP cuts next month and lower tax refunds this year versus last. Curious how much of a potential headwind that could be for you guys over the next couple of months. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, we'll have to see. On the tax refunds, they just started to come out last week, and that does have an impact, especially for our dd's business, but we'll have to see how that plays out. We certainly where we're coming into it, the tax refunds could be lower. So we'll have to see how it plays out. But certainly, that is a customer that can be impacted by both the tax refunds and the SNAP benefits. On your other question, I think you asked a question around demographics. And I think I answered this earlier with Paul, we have not seen a material shift in spending across different income demographics. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: Barbara, it sounds like you continue to see opportunities to rightsize the value that you offer the consumer to go after that market share that's available to you and that you're still looking to optimize that value. Can you talk a little bit more about the actions that your buying team can take to ensure that you're offering that value? And can you contextualize that with the higher rate of markdowns that you also saw in the quarter? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Well, obviously, when there's a lot of merchandise in the marketplace, the buyers are out looking for really great deals. So it starts with being in the market, having good relationships and really getting the deals at the prices that the customer wants and then offering that value to the customer. So I think that's critical for what's going on in the world today. It's always been critical for us delivering branded bargains. And I think today it's even more important than it's been before. 
 In terms of just -- rightsizing the value just as a concept of rightsizing the value. I think that's really from putting things out there and watching things turn, watching things -- watching the customer vote and then making the adjustments based off of what she's telling us, whether it's in the assortment and the products that she want or whether it's in the retail that we put it in. And Brooke, what was the second question? 
Brooke Roach: The second question was just how to think about the time line of getting that from a markdown perspective. It sounds like making those adjustments does require some markdown. And so does the markdown have to increase year-on-year as you move through 2023? 
Barbara Rentler: We took -- okay, I understood. So we took somewhat slightly higher markdowns in the fourth quarter. And we made sure that when we came out of the fourth quarter that we really came out of everything clean that we took everything. And if the value wasn't right, we didn't wait, we took markdowns, they were somewhat higher, they weren't that much higher, they were somewhat higher. And so if you're rightsizing your values going forward, you wouldn't expect to be taking additional markdowns. The key is to drive receipts, which drives sales. So if we have the right values and return quick enough, we'll drive receipts, which will drive sales, which will put us in a healthy position. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey with the Telsey Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about the real estate portfolio in the stores, we obviously have heard about some of the space availabilities from the Bed Bath or a Party City. Is this an opportunity for you? And does it all change the cadence of store openings or the locations or regions for either 2023 or 2024 in your outlook? 
Michael Hartshorn: Dana, certainly, Bed Bath, Beyond and Party City, like they have been historically, any time there's retail bankruptcies that's provided us opportunities for new store locations. I would say at this point, it hasn't changed our outlook. We will review potential new site on a store-by-store basis. And if it's appropriate for Ross  and  dd's location, we can certainly add it to our portfolio. But as we think about 2023, as we said in the commentary, we think it's about 100 new locations, about 75 Ross and 25 dd's. 
Dana Telsey: Got it. And then, Barbara, just on the category mix, what was the weakest? And what do you see as opportunities on the category side as we go through 2023? 
Barbara Rentler: The business  pretty much performed at the same level. I mean, obviously, some things are better. I mean home and gifting was very good, shoes was very good. If I look at shoes from a 2-year basis, the year before we had carrier issues, which also helped us to drive some sales this year. I think the key is to get the category mix balance to what the customer wants. And I think last year with the carrier issues and with some of the things that went on in our assortments, that we didn't have that. So I think now it's really identifying what she wants, making those move to ensure that we are delivering the products that she's moving towards as things continue to evolve in her assortment and just being on target with that, making sure we're making moves quick enough, fast enough and the advantage when there's a lot of goods in the marketplace, it allows you to do more of these things and oftentimes, sometimes be able to make some bolder moves.
 So I think that's kind of how I'm thinking about it. I'm thinking about just getting our inventories and classifications in line and then more fine-tuning to what -- if we were talking about this a few months ago, we would be saying people now want career pants versus casual, right? But I'm thinking more broader that with all the carriers that went on and  delivery issues and everything else, that things were not exactly the way we would like them to have been even if we wanted them to be there. It just -- it wasn't balanced. 
 So I think that's our number 1 thing is getting ourselves back in line. We made a lot of those moves into the fourth quarter and getting ourselves repositioned to where we want to be. And then going again hand-in-hand with making sure we come in clean -- into the year clean from an inventory position and then giving ourselves the flexibility to go in the market and buy it the way the customer wants it and sees it. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Simeon Siegel with BMO Capital Markets. 
Simeon Siegel: Could you discuss what like-for-like AUR look like versus mix shift driven AUR maybe? And then a dumb question. I think interest income came in nicely higher this quarter. And if I heard correctly, I think you're expecting a pretty nice jump or a nice number this year as well. Is that just a function of higher rates? And does it impact your capital return strategy? And maybe just given how large the cash balance is, any broader thoughts on your use of cash with all the moving pieces? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. The interest income is entirely driven by our cash balances. That's invested in government-backed securities. So as interest rates have risen, we're getting a benefit there. In terms of how we're thinking about use of cash, and I guess just general capital allocation, we will, as we always do, first invest in the business to support profitable growth. We also plan to pay down COVID-related debt that begins to mature over the next few years in '24 and '25 as when those first tranches mature. And then we'd expect to grow our shareholder payouts as the business grows, as I said, deliberately over time, and we do that in a very deliberate and reliable manner over time. 
Barbara Rentler: And then in terms of our AUR, our AUR has been relatively flat despite all the different shifts and moving parts in the business. So some of that comes from valuing some areas differently or products differently in other businesses coming up because obviously, shoes has a higher AUR than some of our other businesses. So that's really where we stand today, how we're thinking about it. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jay Sole with UBS. 
Jay Sole: Great. I'm wondering if you can elaborate a little bit on some of the higher wages that you mentioned as a driver of the EBIT margin in the first quarter this year. Can you just talk about the impact on what you're seeing at the store level versus like, say, a warehousing level versus at a corporate level, that would be helpful. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. I mean it's been a competitive market across all 3 of those for some time. What we saw during COVID is the biggest pressure we had was in the distribution center, line item and that we've seen the pressure there slow down considerably. And for the stores, we continue to take a market-by-market approach to staffing them and increasing wages where appropriate. In addition, as you know, there's growing statutory minimum wages for us in almost half of our store base, and that includes both statewide and local municipality minimum wages. But overall, it's really driven at this point by those minimum wages -- wage increases. I would say we feel good about the workforce in totality and are confident about what we have in place for the year. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: Crossing my fingers, you'll answer this one, but are you currently trending in line with your first quarter guide? 
Michael Hartshorn: We wouldn't. Our practice is, Laura, to not comment on inter-quarter trends. 
Laura Champine: Understood. Is the guidance for the full year comp to be flat would that assume that traffic is roughly flat this year? 
Michael Hartshorn: We -- again, we don't plan the business around traffic or transaction. Our view has always been if we provide the great branded bargains to the customer, that will be a combination of, one, bringing more customers to the store and two, when they're in the store, increasing the size of the average basket. What's happened over the last several years is that basket has grown and even into last year, on top of the stimulus year the customer is buying more when they're coming to the store. 
Laura Champine: Let me see if I can get this one. The gross margin, and this is last -- the gross margin commentary that you've made, is that consistent with taking more markdowns this year for the year as a whole compared to last year? 
Adam Orvos: Laura, we don't guide really at that component level of merchandise margin, but obviously, our markdown levels will be highly dependent on if we deliver our sales plan and by the right goods. The biggest moving part as we said, in merchandise margin will be the ocean freight cost reductions that we're seeing in the marketplace. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Aneesha Sherman with Bernstein. 
Aneesha Sherman: So the comp guidance for the full year implies a 4-year stack of 10 a CAGR of just over  2%,  which is quite a bit lower than your historical pre-COVID performance. Are you still -- do you still believe in the medium term, algo being kind of a little bit higher than that around the 3% comp algo? Or is there something structural about the comps that you think will decelerate even beyond this year? 
 And then, Michael, you talked about the sensitivity of margins to comp, but with higher wages now embedded into your cost structure, has that sensitivity changed? Or is it still a similar sensitivity as what you've talked about in the past? 
Michael Hartshorn: Aneesha, on the guidance, it's hard to comment on structural in this environment. As we guide the year, it's really a function of us wanting to be very conservative in a blasting inflationary environment and a macro economy that we'll see how that plays out later in the year. So I don't think there's anything to read into that at this point. Obviously, we hope to beat the guidance. We think it's a good way to run our business in an uncertain environment. In terms of the long-term algorithm, it certainly doesn't change as I said earlier, that a beat to comp is 10 to 15 basis points upside. And then longer term, we think if we can grow the 3% to 4% comp as we did historically prior to COVID that we'll be able to leverage the P&L. 
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Corey Tarlowe with Jefferies. 
Corey Tarlowe: You mentioned that shoes had done pretty well a few times. Is there any way to parse out maybe whether it was in formal or casual, what did better? And then I know availability is quite robust, but across your good, better, best strategy, is there any particular segment within those 3 that's maybe you're seeing a little bit better availability. And then just lastly, on CapEx. Historically, you're usually around, I think, like $500 million or so in CapEx. And now I think in this year, you're expecting to do $800 million and in this coming year as well, another $800 million. So could you just parse out maybe what the incremental spend is really going to be? I know you talked a little bit about automation, but just curious what else there is in there. 
Barbara Rentler: So let me start with shoes. So the shoe business is pretty broad based. I would say that athletic performed slightly better than brand shoes, but the shoe business, again, the shoes industry had issues delivering, we remember that in 2021 with the whole carrier issue. So it is pretty broad-based and meeting customers' demands that they want not just athletic, but other brands shoes to wear. That's the first thing. In terms of a good, better, best, the availability is pretty broad-based in all 3 buckets. So I think that's a little unusual, but that is what -- that's kind of going on out there right at this moment. 
Adam Orvos: And Corey, on CapEx. So our $810 million will roughly be 40% new in existing stores, 40% distribution centers and about 20% technology and other investments. And I would say with our new store opening plan of 100 new stores, that's -- those levels are consistent with pre-pandemic levels from a mix standpoint, the distribution line, probably a little bit inflated as we ramp up capacity to support our long-term growth and then the technology side is a ramp-up as we're making investments not only from a customer convenience standpoint in the stores, but also building capabilities and additional tools in the merchandising organization. 
Operator: And at this time, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And now I would like to turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thanks joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. 
Operator: That concludes our conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-16 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business.
 These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2021 Form 10-K and fiscal 2022 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. Thank you, ma'am. Please go ahead. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President, Chief Operating Officer; Adam Orvos, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with a review of our third quarter performance, followed by an update on our outlook for the fourth quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As noted in today's press release, third quarter results were above our expectations as we delivered stronger values throughout our stores. Operating margin for the period was 9.8% versus 11.4% last year, reflecting the deleveraging effect from the comparable sales decline as well as pressure from higher markdowns and unfavorable timing of packaway-related costs.
 Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended October 29, 2022, were $1 on net income of $342 million. This compares to $1.09 per share or net earnings of $385 million for the 13 weeks ended October 30, 2021. Total sales for the quarter were $4.6 billion, in line with the prior year, with comparable sales down 3% on top of a robust 14% gain in the third quarter of 2021.
 For the first 9 months, earnings per share were $3.08 on net earnings of $1.1 billion compared to $3.82 per share on net income of $1.4 billion for the same period in 2021. Sales for the year-to-date period totaled $13.5 billion with comparable store sales down 5% versus a strong 14% increase last year.
 For the third quarter at Ross, shoes was the best-performing business, while Florida and Texas were the top-performing regions as they were bolstered by the outperformance of border and tourist locations.
 At dd's DISCOUNTS, sales trends improved versus the first half, but continued to trail Ross' results due to ongoing inflationary pressures that are having a larger impact on dd's lower-income customers. Inventory levels moderated significantly from the first half of the year, with total consolidated inventories at the end of the quarter up 12% compared to last year.
 Average store inventories during the quarter were up 4% versus 2021 and down compared to pre-pandemic levels. Packaway merchandise represented 41% of the total compared to 31% last year when we used packaway merchandise to fuel robust sales gains.
 Turning to store growth. We completed our expansion program for 2022 with the addition of 28 new Ross and 12 dd's DISCOUNTS in the third quarter. For the year, we added a total of 99 locations comprised of 71 Ross and 28 dd's DISCOUNTS. We now expect to end the year with 1,693 Ross stores and 322 dd's DISCOUNTS locations for a net increase of 92 stores.
 Now Adam will provide further details on our third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance. 
Adam Orvos: Thank you, Barbara. As previously stated, comparable store sales were down 3% in the quarter. Although traffic improved from the second quarter, it still declined versus the prior year. Partially offsetting these declines was a higher average basket size.
 Operating margin of 9.8% for the third quarter was down 160 basis points from last year. Cost of goods sold grew by 230 basis points in the quarter. Merchandise margin declined 165 basis points, primarily due to higher markdowns.
 Distribution costs were up 140 basis points, mainly due to unfavorable timing of packaway-related costs and deleverage from our new distribution center, while occupancy delevered by 20 basis points. These higher expenses were partially offset by a 75 basis point decrease in buying costs, mainly from lower incentives.
 Lastly, pressure from domestic freight expenses eased in the third quarter and improved 20 basis points as we anniversaried the freight headwinds that began in the second half of last year.
 SG&A for the period improved by 70 basis points as deleverage from the negative comparable sales was more than offset by lower incentives. During the third quarter, we repurchased 2.8 million shares of common stock for an aggregate cost of $244 million. We remain on track to buy back a total of $950 million in stock for the year.
 Now let's discuss our fourth quarter guidance. We continue to expect a very promotional holiday selling season and ongoing inflationary headwinds to pressure our low- to moderate-income customers. That said, we face our easiest sales and earnings comparisons in the fourth quarter and are raising our guidance, given our third quarter sales momentum and improved holiday assortments.
 For the 13 weeks ending January 28, 2023, we now expect comparable store sales to be flat to down 2% on top of a 9% gain in the prior year. As a result, earnings per share are forecasted to be in the range of $1.13 to $1.26. The operating statement assumptions that support our fourth quarter guidance include the following. Total sales are projected to be flat to up 3%. We expect operating margin to be in the range of 9.7% to 10.5% versus 9.8% last year.
 This mainly reflects the anniversarying of significant cost pressures from ocean freight and lower incentives, partially offset by the deleveraging effect from lower same-store sales, unfavorable timing of packaway-related costs and higher markdowns.
 Net interest income is estimated to be about $14 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 23%. And weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about 342 million. Based on our year-to-date results and fourth quarter guidance, earnings per share for fiscal 2022 are now projected to be in the range of $4.21 to $4.34 compared to $4.87 last year.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Adam. Despite the many challenges over the last few years, coupled with today's uncertain macroeconomic and geopolitical environment, we remain optimistic about our future growth prospects. Our top priority is and always will be delivering fresh and exciting named brand merchandise at compelling discounts every day in our growing store base of over 2,000 locations.
 With consumers' heightened focus on value and convenience, this bodes well for our ability to expand our market share and profitability in the future. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on a nice quarter. It's great to see the return to beat and raise. So Barbara, maybe relative to your internal expectations, what did you see from traffic? Or maybe could you speak to the cadence of comp trends as the third quarter progressed? And then could you just elaborate on the improved holiday assortments that you cited in the release? 
Michael Hartshorn: On the traffic trends, as we mentioned -- this is Michael Hartshorn, Matt. As we mentioned in the prepared comments, with the comp down 3%, as we mentioned, traffic did improve for the quarter, but it still declined versus the prior year. So offsetting the traffic decline was a higher average basket.
 The basket was driven by higher AURs, while UPTs were flattish. The increase in the average basket was more than offset by the decline in the number of transactions. As we move through the quarter, what we saw on a stacked basis, so compared to 2019, our trends improved as we progressed through the quarter. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just a follow-up. Maybe relative to the third quarter, could you just elaborate on maybe the macro or the competitive landscape assumptions that you embedded in your fourth quarter comp guide? It does embed a moderation? Is that prudence? Is it something that you've seen? Or are you embedding more competitive backdrop and maybe a deterioration in the macro in the fourth quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: I would say the -- from our point of view, the macroeconomic environment obviously remains uncertain, but we do think that the holiday period is going to be very promotional. So that's what we've embedded into the guidance. And then just as a reminder, last year, sales at the end of the quarter did trail off. It's our easiest quarterly compare. Trailed off for 2 main reasons. One was the spike in Omicron cases. And then at this point last year, the supply chain continued to be a real challenge for us and other retailers. 
Matthew Boss: Great color. Congrats again. Sorry. Go ahead, Barbara. 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. The holiday assortment, so look, we believe our holiday assortment this year, we really have an improved offering of both branded bargains based off of availability in the marketplace and also particularly our gift giving, because of the imbalances we had from the supply chain congestion, as Michael just alluded to. So we feel between the 2 of those, we'd be able to offer great brands, strong values and a broader assortment. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Alex Straton with Morgan Stanley. 
Alexandra Straton: Great. Just as it relates to the updated guidance, perhaps could you kind of talk about what the key swing factors are there that could drive you either to the higher or the lower end of that new range? 
Adam Orvos: Yes, sure. Alex, this is Adam. So given our guidance of flat to minus 2% comps, we'll have some deleverage impact from sales. Markdowns will be higher than last year in fourth quarter, but not as impactful as in third quarter. Domestic freight, we see as slightly neutral, seeing some benefit in rate, but offset by still elevated fuel prices. Ocean freight will probably be the most tangible tailwind for us.
 As you remember, last year, we were getting into the period where rates were escalating significantly, demand was high. So that will be a tailwind for us. And then given our outperformance last year and our underperformance this year, incentive costs will be lower in Q4 versus last year. And then finally, depending how the end of the year plays out, we'll likely see some pressure from packaway timing in fourth quarter also. 
Alexandra Straton: Great. That's super helpful. Maybe could I just follow up on your inventory levels? I think you said they were up low double digits year-over-year exiting the quarter, which seems like a pretty lean level. So maybe could you tell us, do you feel like you have enough heading into the fourth quarter? Or how are you feeling about the levels and then just the broader assortment? 
Michael Hartshorn: Overall, we feel really good about where we are at the end of the third quarter. As we said in the prepared remarks, we ended up about 12%, which was a big improvement when we -- from the second quarter when we were up 55%. And the increase over the last year is really packaway inventory. So we were at 41% versus 31% last year. And last year was relatively low versus our historical levels because we used a substantial amount of our packaway to chase sales that were well above our plan. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager with Robert W. Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: What do you view as the key drivers to the improving comp trends you saw this quarter? Are you seeing evidence that the trade-down is now occurring? Do you think this is a reflection of the AUR strategy you outlined last quarter? Just if you could expand on your overall assessments there, that would be great. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. From the second quarter to the third quarter, from an assortment perspective, we went in and reset our values and got them to where we believe they need to be in this very promotional environment. So we rightsized our values through some markdowns in some places. And in some places, we rightsized some of our inventory as we were watching shifts go on in the business.
 And the other big shift is apparel and home for us in the quarter performed relatively the same, but our shoe business, which was our best performing business, was really, really fueled by strong values on branded products and availability in the market. 
Michael Hartshorn: And in terms of the trade-down customer, with so many moving parts in the economy, it's difficult to parse out the individual drivers of the improvement. We have not seen a material shift with spending trends across different income demographics, but delivering better bargains to our consumer likely played the most significant role as it typically does. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I was just hoping you could square a couple of comments for us. You talked about resetting values and really focusing on the sharp price points, and your AUR was up. So can you talk about the drivers of AUR in the quarter and then your views on the pricing strategy on a go-forward basis? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. So Lorraine, value and price are 2 different things. So the merchants are out constantly assessing what's going on from pricing and competitive shopping and seeing what that is. So in some places, where we felt that our AUR was just too high, we went in and took markdowns. But in other places, based off of assortments and opportunities that we've gotten in the marketplace, the AUR might be higher, but the value is different.
 And then the last component would be some of the shift in the mix of some of the businesses themselves. So for example, our shoe business has been strong. And shoes, obviously, runs a much higher AUR. So there's a variety of things.
 But what I would say in total is that, with back to being such a highly promotional environment that we're in, the merchants will be in the market, really assessing where the values are moving and what that looks like and trying to stay ahead of that. So with -- again, back to the AUR question, that could depend on mix, and that can depend on brand. So there's a variety of issues involved there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: You called out Florida and Texas as being strong regions, but you didn't call out California, which is a little bit surprising, given the checks that were sent out in the month of October. So I just wonder if you could just give us a little bit more color on geographic performance in the quarter. 
Adam Orvos: Yes. This is Adam, Chuck. Yes, Florida and Texas clearly outperformed for us. We're seeing the benefit in border locations. We're seeing the benefit in tourism locations. And those were clearly the outperformers. On the flip side, California underperformed in the quarter. 
Michael Hartshorn: And on California, the checks didn't come out till the end of the quarter, so it didn't have a material impact on Q3. In California, fuel prices have remained significantly more elevated than the rest of the country. That is, we believe, squeezing the lower- to moderate-income customer. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez with Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: Curious on what's going on from a shrink perspective. We've had a couple of companies call out, I think, a drag from shrink. I think you guys usually do a physical count in 3Q. So curious what you're seeing on that front.
 And then also just on inventory. Typically, third quarter inventory is a few hundred million bucks above 2Q. Now that's a few hundred million below. So I'm just kind of curious about what your thinking is in terms of quantity and quality and how you're thinking about inventory levels relative to sales going forward. 
Michael Hartshorn: Well, on physical inventory, we did take a physical inventory during the third quarter, and it was slightly higher than last year. And then on inventory levels in Q2, we were -- we believe we had too much inventory, which is why it's down versus the second quarter. 
Paul Lejuez: And then go forward, Michael? 
Michael Hartshorn: I wouldn't comment on the -- on year-end, but it's going to be dependent on packaway opportunities in the marketplace. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: Barbara, I was wondering if you could contemplate and reflect on -- based on the availability of branded goods in the market today, can you talk to the outlook that you see for merch margins for the next few quarters? How are you thinking about taking that mark on and passing that along through the P&L versus passing that value on to the consumer and competing for additional comp opportunity over the next few quarters? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. As you know, there's a lot of availability in the market, and it's really broad-based. And all categories, all brands, it's really broad. In terms of margin, I think the way we think about it now is the customer, our customer, especially the moderate- to low-income customer, is really focused on value. So we'll look at every brand based off of how that brand sits in the world and the competitive nature of the pricing of that brand, and then we'll value it appropriately.
 Because that's really what the customer told us when we went in and we rightsized some of our values that we weren't as competitive as we would have been historically. So I would look at it more from the opportunity of getting great brands on the floor, putting better values out there to make -- to please the customer and then, ultimately, to drive sales. 
Brooke Roach: Great. And then just one quick follow-up. I think in the prepared remarks, you mentioned a sequential improvement at dd's. Can you talk to the drivers of that and any change that you're seeing in the behavior of your low-income customer versus maybe more of a middle- to high-income customer within your portfolio? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On dd's, the improvement from Q2 to Q3 was similar than Ross, although it continued to trail. As a reminder, the dd's customers' average household income is $40,000 to $45,000 versus $60,000 to $65,000 for Ross. So very similar improvement between Q2 and Q3. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Congrats on a great quarter. You guys are typically really conservative when it comes to the forward guidance. And others today and yesterday have spoken to a softer start to fourth quarter. Michael, I know you won't speak specifically about intra-quarter, but you mentioned maybe that fuel is going to neutralize some of the stimulus benefit in your biggest market, [ a few of your ] macro thoughts there. But what gives you the confidence to raise in the fourth quarter, knowing what we know about the industry here, a little different than how you approached a couple of the most recent quarters?
 And then, I guess, Michael, you've also saw spoken to us in the past about what your view is of a normal algorithm for this business, what flow-through looks like on your normal sales target. Any initial thoughts on how flow-through could look next year, if we're lucky enough to be back to a conducive market for a normal comp? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On what gives us confidence on the guidance, so the multiyear stack in the Q4 is lower than what we actually achieved in the third quarter. We're confident about the assortment that we have for the holidays. And any conservatism would be based on the macroeconomic environment and what we think is going to be a very, very promotional holiday.
 In terms of the flow-through for next year, as you would expect, operating margin improvements will be highly dependent on sustained strong sales growth over time and then how quickly some of the inflationary cost pressures subside. But I'd say, over the longer term, we think we can achieve gradual improvement in profitability.
 As for 2023 specifically, we're in the midst of our budgeting process for next year currently. And we'll be able to provide an update on our year-end call when we'll have a better sense of the macro economy entering the year and to the opportunities we have in places like ocean and domestic freight.
 I would say also, keep in mind, with lower incentive costs that had benefited our profitability this year, will reset the baseline next year. And thus, incentives will be a headwind in SG&A. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Barbara, can you talk about the buying environment and how much better it has gotten perhaps in the past 60 to 90 days since last quarter? And then how long does it take from, say, a contract negotiation to being able to get that product ready and available for sale in your stores? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Yes, the buying environment has gotten even better, broader, more brands, [ more ] classification. So it has -- absolutely, in the last 60 to 90 days, more vendors want to move more merchandise and also some new resources that perhaps we weren't doing business with before also want us to purchase the merchandise. So yes, there's a lot of supply out there. Adrienne, just say the second part of your question again. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Yes. I was wondering from the time that you actually negotiated... 
Barbara Rentler: Well, it depends how quickly a vendor can ship, right? So assuming I buy the goods on Monday and the vendor could ship in a week, probably takes about 3 to 4 weeks, depending upon what -- there's a lot of variables here, Adrienne, where they're shipping from, what DC, but basically as a general rule, I would say, somewhere between 3 to 4 weeks. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Okay. Fantastic. Best of luck for holiday. Congrats. 
Operator: And Our next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: I'm interested in the contrast between what looks like more promotional department stores this year versus last and the off-price kind of effort to raise the ring a bit. How is your pricing umbrella holding up versus those mall-based stores this year? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, Laura, we went in and actually went in and rightsized some of our values, and we'll continue to do that in the fourth quarter, which is why we're saying, built into our guidance, we have some additional markdowns in there. The promotional calendar, I mean, you know what's going on out there, you can see it as everyone is trying to move through inventory.
 And some places, that -- the promotional calendar looks as sharp as '19, as deep as '19. A couple of businesses, you say to yourself, it's a little deeper than '19. But -- so the merchants are out there assessing that. And then we're either buying to the values that we think we need to be based off of all the supply that's out there, or we are going in and revaluing some of the things that we have that we think we need to get to the right price value.
 But it is just as promotional as it's been historically. And so that's kind of the heads-up the merchants have as they're out there now making purchases in the outside world. And then, of course, the logic of every value is dependent upon the brand and how that fits in the outside world. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Congratulations on a great quarter, and best of luck for holiday. If you could just -- I know you're not giving guidance yet for '23, but is it fair to assume that store openings will be about the same for next year? Or is there any change to your thinking on dd's, given the environment?
 And then I think, Barbara, just wanted to chase a little bit more into the improved mix you said for the holiday season. Clearly, there's a lot of product out there. But were you referring to improved mix versus '21, versus the first half, versus the third quarter or just in general, there's so much inventory and we're having a good time? 
Michael Hartshorn: Marni, on the real estate front, we remain very confident in both chains and currently have no changes to our expansion plans. Certainly, we'll provide more details for '23 when we report year-end earnings. 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. And in terms of the mix, Marni, I would say, going back to Q4, we missed a lot of gifting opportunity last year because of the whole supply chain carrier issues. So specifically to Q4, that's one piece of it. In terms of versus the entire year, there's just a lot more brands out there. So I think it's a combination of both, being able to get really great closeouts and better pricing and better brands and the other piece of where there are just holes -- literally holes in our assortment. So it's both. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Kernan with Cowen. 
John Kernan: Congrats on the momentum into holiday. So Michael, if we look at your sales productivity just simply through sales per square foot, sales per store, it's above pre-COVID levels. The operating margin obviously is below, but it seems like there's momentum into the fourth quarter and next year, and you might have line of sight in terms of how to get back to pre-COVID levels of operating margin.
 What do you think is -- where do you have the clearest line of sight in terms of -- is it freight? Is it merchandise margin? Is it SG&A leverage? What do you think creates the clearest path back to pre-COVID levels of profitability? 
Michael Hartshorn: Well, sales, number one. There are structural changes in wages across the U.S., but I don't think you're going to get that back to the labor that you had pre-COVID. Certainly, ocean freight is going to be a tailwind for us going into 2023. I would say domestic freight should be a tailwind as well, but that will be partly dependent on diesel fuel prices that are above $5 now. And so it will be partly dependent on what happens with fuel. But most importantly, it will depend on top line sales. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jay Sole with UBS. 
Jay Sole: My question is just, with all the inventory out there, not just in terms of apparel and footwear, but many categories, are you seeing any opportunities to expand the business into some new areas and new categories that maybe you have it before just because the buys are so good? 
Barbara Rentler: Look, I would say, the merchants are out there looking for all kinds of buys. And yes, that does happen. Often you wind up opening up some new resources, which we have, as there's availability and the vendors are looking to partner with people. So it's both. I mean we're absolutely doing that, and that's a piece of it. 
Jay Sole: And Barbara, do you think that can continue? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, I think once you open up a resource or even start shopping a resource, even if the resource doesn't have merchandise that minute, usually, things over time, if you keep going back, you'll open the resource up. I think after this supply double really, really died down, and we do expect it to go into next year because there is so much merchandise, then I think there's a lot of -- we don't really have full line of sight to what will be full product set that's in front of us since this November.
 Yes. I just -- I think there's just -- yes, I don't know if -- I think there's opportunities and there are some businesses we could go into in some different categories, not whole businesses, but categories within businesses that we could expand upon. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Jesse Sobelson: This is Jesse Sobelson on for Ike. We were just wondering, as we look to pre-COVID margins, I think it was mentioned a little bit earlier in the Q&A, you're hovering around 13% pre-COVID. But you mentioned some higher structural costs such as wages. This pre-COVID margin is still attainable sometime over the next few years? Or should we be thinking about a recovery, but maybe landing somewhere below those pre-COVID levels? How are you guys thinking about it? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Jesse. I wouldn't predict where it's going to land other than any return would happen over a number of years and wouldn't happen overnight. We would expect it to have improved profitability over time is the way I'd answer that question. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Aneesha Sherman with Bernstein. 
Aneesha Sherman: Barbara, on your point about resetting the value proposition, have you seen turns pick up sequentially through the quarter? And is that what drove the in-store inventories to be so lean as you continued to lean in on markdowns?
 And then, Adam, you mentioned earlier on an expectation of an easing of markdowns in Q4. Should we interpret that you're now reaching the level of turns that continue to be strong through the quarter and now you're happy with where your value proposition is? Have you seen the turns stay strong kind of exiting the quarter and into Q4? 
Michael Hartshorn: Aneesha, on absolute inventory levels, these are the inventory levels we've been running throughout the year. We always prefer to be in the chase. And this is the way we'll -- we typically run the model and will continue to do so going forward. But the inventory levels, again, in-store, in front of the customer were up over last year, but down versus pre-pandemic level. 
Adam Orvos: Yes. And, Aneesha, building on that a little bit. Your question about the markdowns, we've layered some additional markdowns versus last year into our fourth quarter guidance. And that's really largely driven. We know this is going to be a highly promotional environment, and we'll see how highly promotional it is, but just want to be prepared for that. 
Aneesha Sherman: But can I clarify, Adam, so it's up versus last year, but is it right to say that it's easing sequentially versus where you were this quarter? 
Adam Orvos: Yes, absolutely. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Corey Tarlowe with Jefferies. 
Corey Tarlowe: Congrats on the quarter. So on new stores, I was wondering if you -- I know you talked about completing your 2022 store growth plans. I was wondering if you could discuss a little bit about new store productivity, how that's looking versus what your benchmarks are and any additional color that you can add specifically on just the new store performance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. So for us, a new store overall in the fleet of stores will typically come out of the box at 60% to 65% of the chain average. And that continues to be the case, even on the new store openings over the last couple of years. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bob Drbul with Guggenheim Securities. 
Robert Drbul: Just 2 quick questions. On, I guess, dd's versus Ross, are the state performances, Texas, Florida versus California, what you said, is that holding true for both formats in terms of the sales performance? And then just on the other side of it, in terms of your mix or your opportunity in categories, what do you think in terms of where you outperformed your expectation in the third quarter, like which categories surprised you the most, I would say? Could you share that with us? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On the dd's question, we typically -- the state performance is really on a consolidated basis, which is what we discussed. We don't get into the dd's -- again, I would just reiterate that overall, dd's improvement, I would say, across the board was very similar to Ross, but continued to trail. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of merchandise mix of performance, it outperformed -- I mean shoes really outperformed. The other businesses that outperformed would be some of the standard core businesses. From a term perspective, [ that would be ] the plan. 
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Simeon Siegel with BMO Capital Markets. 
Daniel Stroller: This is Dan Stroller on for Simeon. On the topic of margin recapture, I think in the past, you've talked about leveraging added technology in-store or at the DCs for efficiency and cost reductions. Just wondering where you stand in that regard, or if there's more to come, basically what inning you're in, in that chapter. 
Michael Hartshorn: I would answer that by saying we're constantly in the third or fourth inning. So we always have new investments we're making. Those include automation in the DCs, in stores. They're ranging from automated robotics in the DCs. We're piloting self-checkout in the stores, and also in the stores, more efficient ways to check inventory and take markdowns for our store associates. And we constantly have investments where we're trying to be more productive and efficient in the business. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. And now I would like to turn the floor back over to Barbara Rentler for any closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-17 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management, followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2021 Form 10-K and fiscal 2022 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on file with the SEC. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President and Chief Operating Officer; Adam Orvos, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations. 
 We'll begin our call today with a review of our second quarter 2022 performance, followed by our updated outlook for the second half and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 
 As noted in today's press release, we are disappointed with our sales results, which were impacted by the mounting inflationary pressures our customers faced as well as an increasingly promotional retail environment. Earnings came in above our guidance range, primarily due to lower incentive costs resulting from the below-plan top line performance. 
 Total sales for the period were $4.6 billion versus $4.8 billion in the prior year period. Comparable store sales were down 7% compared to a robust 15% increase in last year's second quarter, which was our strongest period of 2021. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended July 30, 2022, were $1.11 on net income of $385 million. These results compared to $1.39 per share on net earnings of $494 million for last year's second quarter. 
 For the first 6 months, earnings per share were $2.08 on net income of $723 million. These results compared to earnings per share of $2.73 on net earnings of $971 million in the first half of 2021. 
 Sales for the 2022 year-to-date period were $8.9 billion with comparable sales down 7% versus a strong 14% gain in the first half of 2021. Shoes and men's were the strongest merchandise areas during the quarter. Both Florida and Texas were the top-performing regions, mainly due to the outperformance of our border and tourist locations. We are making merchandising adjustments to meet changing customer demand. That said, the actions we have taken thus far were unable to offset the mounting financial pressures on our low- to moderate-income consumers and the impact on our business from an increasingly promotional retail environment. 
 Similar to the first quarter, dd's DISCOUNTS performance in the second quarter continued to be well below Ross's, mainly due to today's escalating inflationary pressures that are having a larger impact on dd's lower-income customers. At quarter end, total consolidated inventories were up 55% versus the same period in 2021. While average store inventory during the quarter were up 15% versus last year, we operated with very similar levels when compared to pre-pandemic. 
 Packaway merchandise represented 41% of total inventory versus 30% in the same period of the prior year when we used a substantial amount of packaways to meet robust consumer demand. Additionally, supply chain congestion continued to ease during the second quarter, resulting in above-plan early receipts of merchandise that we stored in packaway and will flow to stores throughout the fall season.  Looking ahead, we expect these early receipts to wane and to have the appropriate inventory levels in the fourth quarter. 
 Turning to store growth. Our 2022 expansion program is on schedule with the addition of 21 new Ross and 8 dd’s DISCOUNTS locations in the second quarter. We remain on track to open a total of approximately 100 locations this year comprised of about 75 Ross and 25 dd. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 stores. Now Adam will provide further details on our second quarter results and additional color on our updated outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2022. 
Adam Orvos: Thank you, Barbara. As previously mentioned, our comparable store sales were down 7% for the quarter as a decline in the number of transactions versus the prior year was partially offset by an increase in the size of the average basket. Second quarter operating margin was 11.3% compared to 14.1% in 2021. This decline was due to a combination of deleveraging effect on expenses from the decrease in same-store sales, higher markdowns and ongoing headwinds from higher freight costs that did not begin to escalate until the second half of 2021. 
 These expense pressures were partially offset by lower incentive costs that were much higher last year when we significantly outperformed our plans. We also saw a decline in COVID expenses versus last year's second quarter. Cost of goods sold during the period increased by 320 basis points. Merchandise margin declined 205 basis points due to both higher ocean freight costs and markdowns. Distribution costs increased 85 basis points due to a combination of unfavorable timing of packaway-related expenses and deleverage from our new distribution center, while occupancy and domestic freight rose by 55 and 35 basis points, respectively. 
 Partially offsetting these higher costs were buying expenses that improved by 60 basis points, again due to lower incentives. SG&A for the period levered by 40 basis points as deleverage from the lower comparable sales was more than offset by lower incentive and COVID costs. 
 During the second quarter, we repurchased 2.9 million shares of common stock for an aggregate cost of $235 million. As previously announced, we expect to buy back $950 million of common stock during fiscal 2022 under our 2-year $1.9 billion repurchase program that extends through fiscal 2023. 
 Now let's discuss our outlook for the remainder of 2022. As Barbara noted in today's press release, given our recent results as well as the increasingly unpredictable macroeconomic landscape in today's more promotional retail environment, we believe it is prudent to adopt a more conservative outlook for the balance of the year. We are now forecasting comparable sales for the 13 weeks ending October 29, 2022, to decline 7% to 9% on top of a strong 14% gain last year. 
 For the fourth quarter, same-store sales are planned to be down 4% to 7% versus a 9% increase in the last quarter of 2021. As noted in our press release, if the second half performs in line with these updated sales assumptions, earnings per share for the third quarter is projected to be $0.72 to $0.83 versus $1.09 last year and $1.04 to $1.21 for the fourth quarter compared to $1.04 in 2021. Based on our first half results and second half guidance, earnings per share for fiscal 2022 are now planned to be in the range of $3.84 to $4.12 versus $4.87 last year. 
 Now let's turn to our guidance assumptions for the third quarter of 2022. Total sales are forecasted to decline 4% to 7% versus the prior year. We expect to open 41 locations during the quarter, including 29 Ross and 12 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. Operating margin for the third quarter is planned to be in the 7.8% to 8.7% range versus 11.4% in 2021, primarily reflecting the deleverage on the same-store sales decline. In addition, merchandise margin is forecast to be pressured by ongoing increases in ocean freight costs. We are also projecting higher markdowns to right-size our inventory levels given the lower revenue forecast and adjust pricing as we expect an increasingly promotional retail environment. 
 Lastly, third quarter operating margin also reflects unfavorable timing of packaway-related costs. Interest expense is estimated to be approximately $400,000. The tax rate is projected to be about 24% to 25% and diluted shares outstanding are expected to be approximately 345 million. 
 Finally, I want to emphasize that Ross continues to be in a strong financial position with significant resources to manage through today's challenging economic and retail landscape. Our healthy balance sheet includes $5.2 billion in total liquidity with $3.9 billion in cash and $1.3 billion in untapped borrowing capacity. We also continue to return large amounts of cash to stockholders with a cumulative total of $1.4 billion expected to be paid out under our stock repurchase and dividend programs in 2022. Now I will turn the call over to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Adam. We are facing a very difficult and uncertain macroeconomic environment that we expect will continue to strain our customers' discretionary spending. Though 2022 will likely remain a challenging year for our company, we believe our value-focused business model and our strong financial position will enable us to manage through these economic pressures and rebound over time. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: So you've included a better fourth quarter comp versus 3Q in your guidance. Can you talk about the areas of opportunity that you see in the fourth quarter? And also, what gives you confidence that things will improve? 
Michael Hartshorn: It's Michael Hartshorn. First, on the fourth quarter guidance alone, if you look at the multiyear compare, we did a 9% last year. So it's one of the easiest compares, which is really the driver of the 4% to 7% comp this year in guidance. 
Barbara Rentler: So Lorraine, in terms of opportunities in terms of the fourth quarter, I think that would be around gifting -- that we didn't maximize some of our gifting areas last year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez with Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: Sorry if I missed it, but curious about the performance of home versus apparel and if there were any notable trends in those categories, how they trend throughout the quarter, get worse, get better. And I'm also curious if you think the comp shortfall was all macro driven or if you attribute any sort of execution issues that might have also factored in. 
Barbara Rentler: Home sales are relatively in line with the chain average and the performance of home and apparel was pretty similar for the quarter. Both businesses had areas of business that were strong and areas of business that were weaker, so they were relatively in line. 
Michael Hartshorn: Paul, on the macro, I mean, of course, there are things that we know we could have done better in the business. In terms of trends during the quarter, we outperformed earlier in the quarter, both on a single-year and a multiyear basis.  
 And I think if you looked across retail, I think people weakened in the back half of the quarter. Obviously, fuel prices peaked in June so a portion of the performance is certainly driven by the macroeconomic environment. 
Paul Lejuez: I think some have also seen a little bit of an improvement at the end of July into August. Anything you can share on that front? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. We wouldn't comment on trends within this next quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. Great. Barbara, on the last call, you talked about the very significant shift you were seeing in the kinds of categories and the types of products that Ross shoppers were buying and how much that had changed by April and May compared to when we started the year.  
 I know you were working here through the second quarter to reposition inventory and sort of pivot toward those categories. I'm wondering if you can just talk about where you are on that journey, the progress you made in the second quarter and what -- where you sit today, what's your evaluation of the progress? And is there still more to go in the second half of the year? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. The pivot was to take us out of casual product into more things that the customer wanted. So more wear-to-work in men's and ladies, more social, more going out-type products, whether that would have been in shoes or ready-to-wear.  
 That's really where the main shift was on the apparel side. We've made some progress there, but we certainly have a longer way to go. But I feel much better about where we were -- from where we were in Q1 to where we are now because we've really been able to expand some of those assortments when I felt like we were a little bit behind.  
 So -- and then in terms of go forward, we're going to meet whatever the customer demand is. So with everything that is so difficult out there, a highly promotional environment, we're going to see where the customer tells us, where and when what she wants, and then we'll make the shift from there. But we feel like we're in a better state of balance between, let's say, casual and more wear-to-work products in men's and ladies. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Fantastic. That's really helpful, Barbara. And just one follow-up on the product. Are you starting to see new vendors come to Ross? Maybe vendors that you didn't work with last year or in 2020?  I'm just wondering if the more robust buying environment is yielding an opportunity to maybe work with additional vendors that you haven't seen for the last year or 2. 
Barbara Rentler: The answer to that is yes. Both new vendors or vendors that perhaps, we hadn't seen availability from for an extended period of time, the availability out there is pretty broad-based right now in all products and a good -- better basket. There's just a lot of merchandise in the country.  
 And so I think vendors themselves are looking to expand their business. And if they haven't been doing business with us, at least it was an opportunity. So yes, I think that -- and I think that probably will continue based on the amount of inventory that's in the country. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Terrific. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Barbara, how do you balance taking advantage of the great deals in the marketplace today versus waiting for better deals down the road?  Because I imagine the deals today look a lot better than they did a few months ago than those you're getting today. And I guess as a follow-up, when should we expect those to start showing up in the P&L for you, guys? Is that a third and fourth quarter phenomenon? Or do we start to see that in '23? 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. Just first, in terms of the deals, it was a good deal today just to get better as we go. The merchants are really out there in the market shopping to see what's out there, shopping to see what the availability is. And to assess where the product is the best product is [ going to happen ]. There is a lot of product out there. What you really want to do is get the best product at the best price, so the merchants are out there assessing what that looks like. And then you really want to get the most desirable product, right?  
 So if it's the best product and you think that's a really sharp price and something you haven't been able to really get or [ deploy ], you're going to pull the trigger and buy it. If there's a lot of -- if there's products where there's lots and lots of availability, you might buy some metered in, you might pack some away for the following year.  
 I mean, it's not just one kind of cookie-cutter answer here. I think that the key thing now for the merchants is really to be out there understanding the promotional environment, right? So when you're buying goods now, what you really have to be attuned to is what is the right value.  
 So the buyers have to be very strategic in terms of buying the right merchandise at the appropriate value for customers, given the current inflationary environment. So I think it's supply, and it's really studying what's going on in the outside world with so much inventory sitting in retail stores, with the inflated inventory and a more promotional environment, which I think we all believe is probably going to get more heightened in the fourth quarter.  
 So there's a variety of things that need to happen there, so I don't think it's quite the cookie-cutter. So to get to, I think we'll see some for this year. I think there'll be some packaway for spring, and there may even potentially be some packaway for fall. But we have to wait and see what that looks like. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Great. Barbara, so larger picture, on the mounting inflationary pressure that you cited on your customer, how does this affect the value and convenience elements of your model? Or is there anything that you're seeing today that's different than past times of consumer disruption where your model actually outperforms over time?  
 And then Adam, while sales are below your target model today, are there any structural underlying changes to the models margin as we think about multiyear in your view? 
Barbara Rentler: So Matthew, in terms of mounting inflation, I think over the last few months, we had initially made strategic price increases. And I think with the slowing consumer demand and the escalating inflationary pressures, it all comes down to value. And so for us to be successful, we really need to make sure that we understand the value of what's going on around us and get ourselves really highly focused on that because that really, in the end, is what will make us successful.  
 Our customer is looking for branded bargains, great values every day. That's what she's come to expect for 40 years, and that's what she expects from us now. So I think that really comes down to the merchants being in the market, understanding the availability, understanding what's going on and then knowing when to pull the trigger and to drive it because that's what helped us from 2008 to 2009. 
 And I think that, that will help -- what will help us here also in getting ourselves in the right value when the customer is under so much pressure with all the macroeconomic issues that are out there. 
Adam Orvos: And Matthew, this is Adam. So we don't see anything structurally different in our model, still feel bullish about the environment, the retail environment in our model going forward. When we talk about multiyear and think about 2023, specifically, I think the key is we're going to have to see how the inflationary aspects play out in the second half.  That's obviously a critical variable. How we plan sales next year, profitability will be highly dependent on that kind of top line assumption. 
Michael Hartshorn: Matthew, just to add to that, obviously, since the pre-pandemic, the changes have been really around the cost in the business, and those are acutely in 2 different places with wages and transportation, whether domestically or on imports. I think what we expect to see is both the domestic and import costs to come down over time.  
 We're already starting to see some break in those costs here in the back half, especially on the import costs. So I think those will come down, which will be a benefit to us. On the wage front, I think the increases we saw during COVID are structural at the current levels and are at least at this level.  
 What I'd say about the wage market right now is it's still tight, but it is stable, which is much different from where we were last year when we were getting people back to work and there was frenzied demand in the U.S.  
 So I think there is going to be some opportunity in cost as the transportation comes down with the lower demand in the U.S. 
Matthew Boss: Great color. Best of luck. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Great. Barbara,  this is sort of more of an opinion question for you. I'm wondering if you believe that the aggressive discretionary promotions at Walmart and Target are maybe temporarily taking some market share away.  
 And I guess in the past, when they aren't as promotional, might that alleviate kind of some of the kind of market share shifts that are going on? So that's my first question. 
 And then for Michael, can you talk about any price pass-through attempts, if any?  And I know that you guys have been very, very careful about that. And what does your average unit cost look like at this point kind of heading into holiday? 
Barbara Rentler: Adrienne, as it pertains to Walmart, look, I think we look at everyone as a competitor, whether it's Walmart, whether it's the other off-pricers, whether it's Macy's. I think there's a lot of opportunities for the consumer to buy bargains now and whether it's Walmart or Target, whoever it is, and so it's hard for us to measure that.  
 I think the most important thing that we can do now is really, we need to understand value. And we need to understand where we need to be on the value equation with the customer. And that is a shift from where we were. So I think it's very -- it's hard for us to measure that.  
 But again, it's more competition. And they have both been very aggressive in their pricing, as we all know, to move through some goods. So that's our job to understand it. 
Michael Hartshorn: On pricing, what we saw during the quarter on AUR, so AURs were up during the quarter. As we said in the commentary, the minus 7% comp was a function of lower traffic and higher basket. The basket was really driven by a higher AUR.  
 What we'd expect for the fall season with us really trying to drive value and with our additional markdowns, we'd expect AURs to moderate versus the first half over the balance of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: I guess for Michael or Adam, the sales outlook is slightly better in Q4 versus Q3, though the magnitude of the implied margin inflection, I think, is fairly significant if I'm reading it all correctly.  
 Is that primarily markdowns in Q3 that are expected to be kind of cleared through by Q4? Or are there kind of other things that are going on there? 
Michael Hartshorn: Just on Q4, as I mentioned in Lorraine's question, that was our lowest comp last year, and that was a function of, one, with supply chain congestion, we didn't get all the goods we wanted to in the stores before the holiday, and there was also an Omicron spike leading up to Christmas that dampened traffic a bit.  So that should be a benefit versus last year. 
 And then the fourth quarter was the peak of our cost increases, including incentives, and cost in the business, whether it was ocean freight or wage increases to staff in the store and the DCs for holiday. So we're up against that, and that will be a benefit versus last year. 
Adam Orvos: And Mark, this is Adam. Just to build on that, I think when you look at timing in third quarter versus fourth quarter, ocean freight probably is still headwinds as we move into third quarter just based on the comparison to LY and then probably some favorability, specifically in ocean freight in fourth quarter, and then probably a little bit more timing impact from our packaway cost in third quarter versus fourth quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: Barbara, I'd like to ask you if you're seeing any evidence of trade-down in your business. Are you seeing any new customer acquisition above and beyond traditional levels from customers that typically don't shop Ross Stores?  
 And then maybe as a follow-up, you commented on plans to adjust pricing and markdowns in the third quarter. Can you comment on the magnitude and the time line to achieve a more normalized markdown level and when you might be a little bit more clean? 
Michael Hartshorn: On the consumer, we're not seeing any change, certainly. Since -- if I take the first to the second quarter with our comps, they've been relatively consistent. The composition of comps have been relatively consistent. If I compare it to when we started to lap the stimulus from last year, and our customer surveys and our own performance would suggest that where we're really seeing pressure is the lower-end consumer.  But on the trade-down customer, there's no indication that is in our data that would suggest that that's happening. 
Barbara Rentler: But we do serve a wide range of customers. Today, we serve a wide range of customers. So we're going to watch trends closely and then we'll make merchandising adjustments accordingly. So it would probably take us some time to see because our range of customers is so broad. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: I just want to make sure I have -- I understand. I'm thinking alongside you guys on the model. I think that as we look at like the 3-year growth rate in third quarter -- in the fourth quarter, take like a 2- to 3-point step down in the way that you're guiding fourth quarter is -- but you're expecting markdowns to ramp, which I would assume are going to give you a good shot of bringing in a new customer.  
 Is that deceleration? I'm curious what the deceleration is based on. Is that based on your insights for the industry slowing? Or Barb, you just mentioned you're hopeful that trade-down can start to happen after some period of time. Do you not bake that in, in fourth quarter? Maybe some help on how you're thinking about that deceleration. 
Michael Hartshorn: Michael, it's really a function -- it's our biggest quarter. It bodes -- serves us well to be very cautious, especially after missing 2 quarters in a row on top line, so we are being cautious in the fourth quarter. And we do think it's going to be a very promotional environment, so that's what it's based on. 
Barbara Rentler: Right. And also, based off the supply lines in the world, if, in fact, the trends line turns out to be better than we think it is, we're going to be able to chase some of that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: I just want to talk about the packaway inventory, up in year-over-year as a percent of inventory and in dollars, up pretty meaningfully. I know you're not going to go into specifics. But just curiously, maybe at a high level, can you talk about the buying margins, the closeout margins you guys are basically seeing today versus, I don't know, 12 months ago, 18 months ago? Are they starting to ramp up?  
 Where -- how does that look maybe versus, again, like I said, 12 months ago or maybe versus history? Just any kind of color at a high level would be interesting. 
Michael Hartshorn: Ike, first, on the -- on what we have in packaway. We are up as a percentage of total inventory, but that is up against last year when we were using a lot of our packaway in the frenzied demand in the second quarter, which was our top comp for 2021.  
 And then also, packaway right now includes early receipts of merchandise, and that's mainly home product. And what happened there is that last year, we're experiencing longer lead times. We were having difficulty getting products on time and on plan. So what we did this year is extended our lead times coming into the first quarter in our ordering cycle.  
 What we saw in the first quarter is those -- surprisingly, lead times improved, but we kept the longer lead times in the second quarter because we were concerned about port labor negotiations in L.A. and also COVID -- continuing COVID shutdowns in China.  
 Neither of those risks played out and with lower demand in the U.S., lead times actually improved. So we have stored in packaway early receipts of home that will flow in the back half of the year. 
Barbara Rentler: In terms of margins on closeouts and upfront, it's hard to compare 1 year to another based on -- it's hard to compare what I bought this year versus what I had historically, so it's not necessarily quite as simple as just as going, here's the pitch on it.
 So I think it remains to be seen on the closeout rates. We've seen what kind of values we need to put on the floor and what availability, when people want to move it. It's a measured balance. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Sole with UBS. 
Jay Sole: Great. I just want to dig into the AUR strategy for the back half of the year. Are you saying that you're going to use AUR as a lever to try to take share and alleviate some of the traffic issue that you've had recently? 
Barbara Rentler: Yes. Listen, we're in the value business. And in the last couple of quarters, we've really -- we've made some strategic price increases. And the customer, based on slowing demand and inflationary pressures, has voted that she doesn't necessarily think the value is where it needs to be.  
 So yes, if we could get -- we want to get our AUR more in line, and we want to offer the customer more value. And the AUR can move around based off of mix, right, because it doesn't necessarily mean depending upon what types of products you have on the floor, the AUR can move.  
 I think the word we're looking here is for value. And clearly, the more value we offer the customer, history would tell us that we would perform better. So that is our strategy. I mean based off of where she is and the pressure that the customer is under, that's really what we need to do. We need to understand what the outside world is doing and we need to offer better value. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Good afternoon, everyone. As you see the differences between the Ross and the dd's chain, what are the differences between the 2? And whether it's traffic or whether it's product sell-through and what you're saying? And is your AUR strategy at all different with dd's and Ross in terms of magnitude for the back half of the year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Dana on dd's, so similar to Q1, dd's performance in Q2 continued to be well below Ross, although up against very robust comps last year. The inflationary pressure here has even a larger impact on the dd's low-income customer.  
 dd's average household income is $40,000 to $45,000. Therefore, this customer is obviously more sensitive to the pressures in fuel and food costs and other inflationary purchases. I would say like Ross, our focus is on delivering the best bargains, but we need to even provide greater value to the dd's customer. And like Ross, we built in higher markdowns in the back half of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: I've got a couple. So when do you think that logistics costs will start to ease? And then secondly, you mentioned more clearance activity in Q3. When do you think that inventories come more in line with sales trends, assuming that's a goal given the packaway opportunities you see? 
Michael Hartshorn: Laura, it's Mike. On logistics cost, we're already seeing them. They already seemed to have peaked and have started to come down. I think it's different between domestic and ocean freight. I think ocean freight, there are a lot of long-term contracts that it may take some time to come down. But certainly, the current noncontract market is below the contract rate. So we're starting to see some movement even on contract rates. 
 Domestic, at least for us, we expect domestic costs to be relatively neutral in the back half because we started seeing them rising in the back half of last year. But I suspect over time, both of them will come down and maybe not to the levels that we saw pre-pandemic though. 
Barbara Rentler: And then in terms of the inventory level coming down, we see that moving as it goes throughout the fall. But with that, we have liquidity, and we're comfortable with our liquidity. And so we have -- open to buy to take advantage of opportunities. So it's kind of 2 things going on at the same time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aneesha Sherman with Bernstein. 
Aneesha Sherman: So if I heard it right, the in-store inventory levels at the moment are about in line with what you saw pre-pandemic. So just trying to understand the rationale for the higher markdowns you're doing now as well as into the second half. Is it about your product mix and you're seeing slowing trends in certain categories in the rebalancing?  Or is it more about benchmarking to the external environment that's becoming more promotional? What's the bigger driver of the markdowns you expect? 
Barbara Rentler: I think it's a combination of both. But I think the promotional environment has gotten so aggressive in such a short period of time that we need to make the move on the goods. Otherwise, we're not offering the customer the value that she wants and needs, and so that's played a big part of it.  
 And then there's always -- there always is. There's always businesses that aren't good or they need to take markdowns more aggressively. But that's really -- it's the promotional cadence and just really watching where the AUR is in the outside world and being very, very conscious of that and understanding that.  So getting -- the faster we get to the value equation that she really wants, the better our performance will be. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Corey Tarlowe with Jefferies. 
Corey Tarlowe: Barbara, you mentioned realigning the value equation to where you think it needs to be. And with that, are there any cost savings initiatives that you have in place to help to kind of underpin the profitability and the profit goals that you have for the remainder of this year? 
Michael Hartshorn: I would say from an expense structure standpoint, we absolutely have put in places, whether using technology in the stores or automation in our distribution centers, which is our big pockets of expense, we've continued to add new capabilities in stores and in the distribution centers to increase efficiency and reduce costs. 
Corey Tarlowe: Great. And then as it relates to the store opportunity and real estate and the rent structures and your lease renewals, are you seeing anything incrementally helpful on the expense side there as well? 
Michael Hartshorn: I wouldn't say there's anything material in that renewal process, but we will continue to open stores. As we said in the comment, we'll open 100 stores this year.  
 And at this point, don't see any changes in our expansion plans. But I would say overall on the renewals and the new rents, there's nothing that I'd call out specifically. 
Corey Tarlowe: Great. Very helpful. Best of luck. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Simeon Siegel with BMO Capital Markets. 
Simeon Siegel: Did you or could you, I guess, qualify like-for-like AUR versus maybe the mix shifts-driven AUR? Just trying to align the AUR with the markdown color. And then sorry for what's probably a dumb question, but just can you help parse out the comment, that earnings beat, because of the lower incentive cost on the lower sales?
 I guess -- just trying to understand what it means that you made more money on the bottom line because sales missed plan and how to think about maybe what levers you have at your disposal if top line pressures get worse. 
Michael Hartshorn: On the comment on incentive costs, it was a function of lower earnings. If we would have been at this comp level, we would have been fairly close to the low end of the earnings range. 
 In terms of cost structure, certainly, there are other things we can do in the cost structure if we saw a greater decline in sales. They probably wouldn't be great decisions for the long term or going into 2023, but we could certainly get more stark with our expense structure. 
Barbara Rentler: And could you just repeat the first question about the AUR markdowns? Could you just say that again? 
Simeon Siegel: Yes, sure. So just within AUR, I guess, any way to think through like-for-like is tough given your product offering. But just if AUR -- how much may have been driven by mix shift versus like-for-like? 
Barbara Rentler: Part of it was driven by mix shift because there were businesses that we didn't maximize last year because of supply lines or, for example, things like shoes, which runs a higher AUR. So part of it comes from mix, where we couldn't get the supply we needed last year fast enough to drive the sales higher.  
 But the other part of it just comes from -- strategically, we strategically increased some prices where we have other, potentially, assortment shifts within the mix. And so it's kind of hard to really quantify that in saying because we're comparing casual product to wear-to-work product now. Wear-to-work product has higher AURs than active wear. So I would -- all I could tell you really is it's a mix. It's really a mix of both.  
 Certainly, apparel raises the AUR compared to casual. And definitely, shoes helped to raise the AUR because it's just a different product base, and we couldn't get the supply we needed last year. So those would be my 2 main call-outs on that. 
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Can you just give a quick update? Are there any changes on the store openings for this year? And then, Barbara, I have a bigger picture question just about the use of packaways in back-to-school. As kids are going back to school, do you think you are well set up in uniform and what they need for back-to-school?
 And are you seeing a difference in the way she's shopping? Meaning is she buying what she needs and holding off on what she wants? Maybe the new fashion top, but her kids are getting her back-to-school clothing. 
Michael Hartshorn: Marni, on real estate, no change. We expect to open 100 locations, and that's 41 stores over the balance of the year. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of back-to-school, I would -- she bought -- she's buying definitely the necessities. She is buying uniforms and backpacks and all of those products. I also think that part of what she bought for back-to-school was she might have bought her child shorts when people started taking markdowns on, let's say, denim shorts earlier.  
 So I think it's kind of a mixed bag. But I think if we were historically talking about back-to-school over time, the customer has bought merchandise much closer to the time they go to school or immediately after they get in school. It's hard to tell now with the pandemic, right? So that would also [indiscernible] and so I think it's a combination of both. But it's been very hard to read without having 2 or 3 years of any real history on it. So... 
Marni Shapiro: Right. I guess that makes sense. It feels like it's going to be a later back-to-school this year anyway with pressure on her. And so it feels like she's buying what she needs, and everything else could kind of take a pause. And so maybe there's a break in weather or whatever it is. 
 And then just one last. On holiday traffic, last year, you had -- your inventories were clean. But also, we had Omicron hit at some point in December. And so it feels like there's a real opportunity even in just driving traffic to the stores for gifting and -- during that period of time, assuming there's not some, I don't know, new variant, the gamma 5 variant or whatever it is. 
Michael Hartshorn: You're right, Marni. Last year, we were impacted, especially approaching Christmas with Omicron. And then within our own performance, we had difficulty getting good  holiday goods through the supply chain. 
Marni Shapiro: Okay. I just wanted to confirm. Great. Best of luck, guys, with the rest of back-to-school and fall. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-18 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores First Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's call is being recorded.  
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2021 Form 10-K and fiscal 2022 8-Ks on file with the SEC.  
 Now I would like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President and Chief Operating Officer; Adam Orvos, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations.  
 We'll begin our call today with a review of our first quarter 2022 performance, followed by our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.  
 As noted in today's press release, we are disappointed with our lower-than-expected first quarter results. We knew 2022 would be a difficult year to predict, especially the first half when we were facing last year's record levels of government stimulus and significant customer pent-up demand as COVID restrictions eased. The external environment has also proven extremely challenging as the Russia-Ukraine conflict has exacerbated inflationary pressures on the consumer not seen in 40 years. As a result of these factors, our first quarter results underperformed our expectations.  
 Total sales for the first quarter were $4.3 billion with comparable store sales down 7% on top of a robust 13% gain in the first quarter of 2021 that were versus 2019. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended April 30, 2022, were $0.97 on net income of $338 million.  
 The quarter includes an approximate benefit of $0.06 per share from the favorable timing of expenses that are expected to reverse in subsequent quarters. These results compared to $1.34 per share on net earnings of $476 million for the 13 weeks ended May 1, 2021.  
 Men's was the strongest merchandise area during the quarter, while Florida was the top-performing region. dd's DISCOUNTS performance in the first quarter trailed that of Ross, as the significant benefit of last year's stimulus and escalating inflationary pressures had a larger impact on lower income households. At quarter end, total consolidated inventories were up 57% versus the same period in 2021, mainly from higher packaway inventory.  
 Packaway merchandise represented 43% of total inventories versus 34% last year when we used a substantial amount of packaway to meet robust consumer demand. Additionally, supply chain congestion eased somewhat during the first quarter, resulting in the early receipt of merchandise that we stored in packaway and will flow to stores later in the year. Average store inventories during the quarter were up, though we still operated with significantly less inventory in store than we did pre-pandemic.  
 Turning to store growth. Our 2022 expansion program is on schedule with the addition of 22 new Ross and 8 dd's DISCOUNT locations in the first quarter. We remain on track to open a total of approximately 100 locations this year, comprised of about 75 Ross and 25 dd's. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 stores.  
 Now Adam will provide further details on our first quarter results and additional color on our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2022. 
Adam Orvos: Thank you, Barbara. As previously mentioned, our comparable store sales were down 7% for the quarter as average basket growth was more than offset by the decline in transactions versus the prior year. First quarter operating margin of 10.8% was down from 14.2% in 2021, mainly due to the deleveraging effect of the same-store sales decline, along with ongoing cost pressures from higher freight and wages that began to escalate in the second half of 2021.  
 As Barbara commented earlier, the quarter benefited from the favorable timing of expenses, most of which were in gross margin. Cost of goods sold in the first quarter increased by 295 basis points due to a combination of factors. Merchandise margin declined 170 basis points, primarily due to higher ocean freight costs. Domestic freight rose 80 basis points while occupancy delevered 40 basis points on the same-store sales decline. Distribution costs increased 25 basis points, mainly due to wage actions taken last year. These unfavorable items were partially offset by buying expenses that improved by 20 basis points. SG&A for the period rose 50 basis points due to higher wages and the deleveraging effect of lower comparable sales. 
 During the first quarter, we repurchased 2.5 million shares of common stock for an aggregate cost of $240 million. We remain on track to buy back a total of $950 million in stock for the year.  
 Now let's discuss our outlook for the remainder of 2022. As Barbara noted in today's press release, given our first quarter results and today's increasingly uncertain macroeconomic and geopolitical environment, we believe it is prudent to adopt a more conservative outlook for the balance of the year. We are now forecasting comparable sales for the 13 weeks ending July 30, 2022, to decrease 4% to 6% on top of a very strong 15% gain in the prior year period. Second quarter earnings per share are projected to be $0.99 to $1.07 versus $1.39 last year.  
 Our guidance assumptions for the second quarter of 2022 include the following: Total sales are forecast to decline 1% to 4% versus the prior year. We plan to open 29 locations in the second quarter, including 21 Ross and 8 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. Operating margin for the second quarter is planned to be in the 10.4% to 10.8% range, down from 2021 due to deleverage on lower same-store sales and ongoing expense headwinds that are expected to continue through the first half of 2022. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $15 million. The tax rate is projected to be about 25%, and diluted shares outstanding are expected to be approximately 348 million.  
 For the full year, we are now planning comparable store sales to decline 2% to 4% and earnings per share in the range of $4.34 to $4.58. As Barbara mentioned, this reflects our continued expectation for sales and profitability to improve as we move through the balance of the year.  
 Now I will turn the call back to Barbara Rentler for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Adam. Looking ahead, while the landscape in early 2022 has been tougher than expected and the year may prove to be more difficult than initially anticipated, we remain confident in our ability to successfully navigate through this period. We have shown in the past that our value-focused business model has served us well in both healthy and more uncertain external climates and believe the current challenging conditions will be no different. Despite the slower-than-expected start to 2022, we operate in an attractive sector of retailing. Our mission continues to be delivering the best bargains possible to leverage our favorable market position. As demonstrated by our long successful track record, we believe our steadfast focus on the execution of this core strategy will be the key driver of our success.  
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Barbara, I wanted to ask about product and merchandise execution. Could you just comment on how you feel the team is executing in merchandising? And how did merchandise margin perform here in the quarter, if you exclude, let's say, inbound freight and domestic transportation costs? Are there any pockets of inventory where you wish you had a little bit more and how in aggregate are you feeling about your overall inventory position? 
Adam Orvos: And Barbara, this is Adam. I can jump in on the merchandise margin question, and then throw it back to you.  So Kimberly merchandise margin, as stated in the comments, has dropped 170 basis points versus last year. But we would have been flat versus last year's significant gain without the impact of ocean freight. 
Barbara Rentler: In terms of -- let's start with the pockets of inventory in aggregate. At this stage, Kimberly, in the market, there's a lot of availability. And it's very broad based, whether it's in home or whether it's in apparel, there's a lot of supply out there. So I wouldn't really say that there are problems in any pockets of inventory that we have.  
 In terms of execution in products -- in merchandise, here's what I would say. I would say that we didn't execute at the level that we're capable of. We're digging into the business now and we feel that we can improve the assortments and we can improve our execution. So at this point, it's really about us. It's about us taking different actions in some of our assortments overall, I would say. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: Obviously, a very tough environment out there, especially for lower-income consumers. We've heard from other retailers that the initial shock of inflation following Russia and Ukraine led to a pause. Curious if you've seen any notable change in trend, a positive change in trend as you move through April and into May.
 And then bigger picture, Ross has navigated weaker economic environments in the past, benefited from the trade down to value. Just how do you view the potential for that as the year unfolds? 
Michael Hartshorn: Mark,  it's Michael Hartshorn. On our trend during the quarter, ours was, we -- following a fairly strong start to the period -- the start to the quarter, for us, sales underperformed over the balance of the quarter. And I think, most importantly, there was us anniversarying the government stimulus and customer pent-up demand last year. We also didn't see a pickup during Easter that we had planned into the business. And we wouldn't comment on inter-quarter trends at this point.  
 On the trade-down customer, it's hard to say. Obviously, with higher fuel and food prices, discretionary spending for the lower-end customer is being squeezed. We saw customers at both chains pull back on spending in the first quarter.  
 In terms of trade down, the best proxy we would have, although every recession is different, would be 2008, when the fall of 2008 was very difficult and we started to see some improvement in the first half of 2009. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I wanted to follow up on your comment, Barbara, that sales and profitability -- within your guidance, sales and profitability will improve as the year progresses. Can you just provide us with just some context on what gets you comfortable, especially on the top line, that things will improve as the year goes on? 
Michael Hartshorn: Lorraine, on the top line, the guidance assumes a fairly steady pace. In the fourth quarter, we know -- for instance, we have opportunity because we're up against Omicron, and we had supply chain congestion that we know we lost business in the fourth quarter last year.  
 In terms of profitability, as we said, when we started the year, we do have -- we did make wage increases in the back half of 2021. And we also -- that is also where we started to see the freight increases. So the guidance assumes that we lap those increases from last year.  
 Overall, what you see in our changed guidance is really just sales. We haven't changed our expense assumptions. When we came into the year, we thought we had a good grasp on freight, ocean freight, wages. And the only thing that's slightly changed there is fuel, but we've been able to offset those in other costs in the business. So the updated guidance really is a sales flow-through. 
Barbara Rentler: And Lorraine, in terms of the assortment, what happened last year is that merchandise slid, as I'm sure it did for all retailers. Different product categories created real gaps in the assortment. So as you get into fall and the inventories catch up with where those gaps were gives you the confidence in certain businesses that the performance should be better. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So Barbara, on the magnitude of the comp slowdown as the quarter progressed, I guess, were there any notable changes by category or specific geographical call-outs as you dissect the first quarter? And then just looking back, if we take maybe a broader picture thought process, are there any time frames that you'd compare the magnitude of this sharp slowdown? How many quarters or how long did it take for your model to respond? Just kind of thinking about the duration in the past, and then the subsequent improvement that you're baking in as the year progresses? 
Barbara Rentler: In terms of a slowdown, Michael, from one quarter to another, I can't really think of a period of time were we baked in that other than in 2016, where we had difficulty in the ladies business, where we had a slowdown... 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I mean, Matthew, we knew there was going to be a slowdown, at least on a comp level with all the government stimulus that came out last year. So we had actually planned that in the business and also with the customer pent-up demand as COVID restrictions ease. 
 So even in our initial guidance, the low end of the range was a minus 4, so we missed that by about 3 points. In terms of where in the business has slowed down, it was pretty broad-based. We did see pockets of opportunity. If you look at our larger markets, Texas and Florida outperformed. We had expected, as the border opened up, that we'd see improvement there. We, in fact, did in Florida as tourism and travel started to increase. We had planned increases there, and we saw improvement. 
Barbara Rentler: And then in terms of the assortment, apparel outperformed home. We were up against very large comps in home in Q1. And so that's really where we saw a large difference in performance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: So I guess as we look at the quarter on paper, this is -- it looks pretty far from where we were on the narrative in early April. I think there's been a pretty consistent narrative that you felt good on inventory. And I think you felt like it came into spring with the right mix of goods for the categories. The consumer is clearly drawing the line between wanting back-office apparel dresses for women, those kinds of things. So it does sound like demand was the issue. 
 I think you did, however, talk about, in the initial guidance, an acceleration through the year. And I think at the time, one of the inputs was, by 2Q last year, once stimulus kind of cleaned out some of the inventory, you were in chase mode on some real meat and potatoes items that were just stocked out. And I think that fueled a lot of your optimism baked into the acceleration through the year. 
 So it seems like the demand line has changed quite a bit here and that just having inventory may not be sufficient at this point. But how do you true that up and bring that forward and say, "Look, we were missing some categories a year ago in 2Q versus the expectation for sales to continue to be very, very slow here in the second quarter?" 
Michael Hartshorn: Michael, I would just say overall, I mean, it serves us well to be given our underperformance in Q1 to be cautious with the rest of the year. And that's why you saw us bring down the guidance. And that's true from buying inventory to running the company with lower expenses. So we'll see how it plays out. I mean it's very uncertain out there. The inflationary environment was much more than we expected when we entered the year, and we're going to put ourselves in a position to chase business and to chase trends, and we think that will allow us to maximize our potential in this environment. 
Barbara Rentler: And as we dig into the opportunities of the businesses that we did miss and that we didn't have last year, that would be part of what we're looking at to improve the business. So making the shift in your example into more dress versus casual and making the appropriate move. So we're digging into that piece now. 
Michael Binetti: Okay. And can I -- if I could follow that. Is it safe to say the AUR strategy you might have rolled it back a little bit given some of the commentary we've heard across the space at this point? And it sounds like a sharper focus on value versus what you were thinking from the consumer. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. The AUR strategy, we strategically increased prices. So we didn't do it just straight across the board. So what we really did was make sure that there was appropriate price separation from traditional retailers. And so we monitor that very, very closely. 
 And so the merchants can see on the term line every single week whether something is working or not. And so that piece will continue to do in both companies really with a high focus on value, right? So that a slightly higher AUR might be a very strong value based on what's going on in the rest of the world. So I think the value equation, to your point, is really what our customer looks for and comes to expect from us. And so we are highly focused on the value equation. But that doesn't mean that potentially an AUR could be higher. So they're not mutually exclusive. It could be both ways. You really have to know where and what. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: It seems like the buying environment is about to turn from just okay to potentially extremely good given where retail inventory levels are going to exit the first quarter, particularly in home. So I'm curious how quickly the merchant buying teams can take advantage of this? And have you baked any of that into the guide for 2Q and beyond? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, the merchants can take advantage of the closeout opportunities as they become available. And there are closeouts in home, and that's more unusual than it is in apparel. Supply lines right now are very broad-based based of all the things that you know. Goods coming in early. People bringing in fall early. So it's kind of all collided at the same time into the marketplace. But the merchants can take advantage of that as quickly as possible, if it's the right merchandise and right product. So there's nothing in their way to keep them from doing that. 
Michael Hartshorn: And we -- on your question on the guidance, we have not built any upside on that into our guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Just 2 quick ones. Just on the merchandise margin in the quarter, so 170 was fully ocean freight. Can you -- based on the contracts and the visibility you have, what should that headwind kind of look like big picture or specific as you guys can get as we move into Q2 and beyond? 
 And then to Michael's question on AUR, can you kind of help us with the inventory? I mean it looks heavy, but it's hard to kind of read between the lines sometimes. Are you guys comfortable with your inventory position? Do you see a need to maybe need to clear more product in Q2? Just kind of trying to make -- trying to understand where exactly your comfort is on the inventory right now? 
Michael Hartshorn: I'll start with the -- your last question first on inventory there. So overall, the growth in inventories was really packaway. We ended with 43% of the total inventories versus 34% last year. And if you can remember from last year, we used a substantial amount of that packaway to backstop the demand we saw at the end of the first quarter when the stimulus came out. So the 34% was lower than our historical levels. 
 The second piece relates to supply chain congestion. When we came into the year, we planned longer lead times based on what we saw in the fourth quarter. So what that meant for us, for businesses where we directly import mainly in home, what happened in Q1 is the supply chain eased somewhat and we received early second quarter goods in home, and we stored them in packaway and will flow them later in the year. 
 As far as in-store inventories, we operated up from last year, but remember, again, they were lower than we had anticipated with the frenzied demand, but well below pre-pandemic levels. And so I would say, overall, we're happy with our overall inventory levels. 
Adam Orvos: Yes. And touching on the ocean freight question, they will remain elevated throughout the balance of 2022. But as we anniversary that spike that we had in the second half last year, they remain elevated but improved through the balance of the year. 
 And on the domestic freight side, as Michael commented, fuel costs are higher than our expectations at the beginning of the year, but we've offset that in the guidance that we've provided to you. And by the second half, we don't really -- we don't see any pressure on domestic freight. 
Barbara Rentler: In terms of packaway, we're very comfortable with the content of packaway also. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simeon Siegel with BMO Capital Markets. 
Simeon Siegel: A few quick ones, if possible. Do you know inventory growth in units versus dollars? And then what percent of the freight costs generally are ocean versus domestic? 
Michael Hartshorn: We wouldn't give you the unit growth. That's not something we disclose. 
Simeon Siegel: Okay. And freight costs, just ocean versus domestic in general? 
Michael Hartshorn: Can you repeat the question? 
Simeon Siegel: When you think about your total freight costs, just roughly what is the ocean versus domestic breakdown? So what percentage of your freight costs tend to be ocean versus domestic? 
Michael Hartshorn: We don't disclose that externally. 
Simeon Siegel: Okay. All right. I'll try one last one then. I think you talked about deleverage. What do you -- can you -- what do you expect for SG&A dollar growth to look like for the year, built into that or embedded in the comments you gave? 
Michael Hartshorn: Could you repeat that question? 
Simeon Siegel: Embedded -- yes, sure. So embedded in the full year guide, just how are you thinking about SG&A dollar growth? 
Michael Hartshorn: I don't know. Can we -- why don't we call you after the call and get specific modeling questions for you? 
Simeon Siegel: Sounds good. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Barbara, I wanted to dig into the comment on kind of redirecting or reallocating some of the penetration. What is or was home penetration during the quarter maybe versus ladies apparel? Because I'm assuming that, that apparel piece was the stronger piece of it. And then secondly, how are store traffic trends over the -- pacing over the quarter? If you can help us with those 2, that would be great. 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of overall home apparel, I think Barbara mentioned earlier that apparel outperformed home, although home was up against very strong comps last year. Adrienne, we also talked a little bit about the trend, and that was similar for traffic in that we had a strong start to the year, so year-over-year growth. And then that dropped in later in the quarter as we started to anniversary the stimulus and also customer pent-up demand. 
Barbara Rentler: And home penetration is around 25% of the company's... 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Similar to pre-pandemic, in that range. And then I guess on packaway, so there's a portion of the packaway -- so the number, I think, if I got it correctly, was 43% at the end of this quarter. Some of that is obviously the early receipts in home goods. Were you able to take advantage of any of the unfavorable kind of transition to spring? 
 And I know you don't have a large exposure to the Northeast, but picking up some of those goods off of Northeast retailers. We've seen this happen in the past for you, where that short really does work to your benefit as you redeploy it in 2Q? Is that an opportunity? 
Barbara Rentler: I think that doesn't just come from Northeast retailers. I think there's a lot of spring goods that came into the country and spring -- last fall, plus early spring kind of all collided and came into the country pretty much at the same time. So part of it, I'm sure, comes from Northeast retailers. And part of it just comes in from the supply that came into the country as the congestion eased all at the same time. And we've been able to buy appropriately the things we want in spring products. So yes, there will be spring products that we can use from Q1 into Q2. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: One clarification. I think someone on the call mentioned you did not see the lift around Easter that you normally do. And I was curious if that was related to traffic or assortment? I'm just trying to think it through to other holidays that are coming up and the more traditional cadence of retail business getting back to where it was. 
 And then if you could just talk a little bit about any excess you have going into the second quarter? Will it be liquidated in the second quarter? Or is it current enough that it doesn't have to be marked down? And is this contemplated in the operating margin guidance? 
Michael Hartshorn: Marni, on the inventory, we actually ended with store inventory where we wanted them. So there isn't any liquidation past the first quarter. 
 And then on Easter -- I commented earlier on Easter, and that was versus our expectations. Typically, when there's a later Easter, you have less weather. So we missed our own expectations there in our plan. 
Marni Shapiro: Well, I'm just curious, do you think -- was that -- because overall traffic was lower? Or was it the assortments? Do you think it was more specific to just traffic in general and the late Easter or the assortments that you had in place for Easter? 
Barbara Rentler: What you would define as the Easter assortments, Marni, dresses, dress shoes, children's dresses, those just were fine. 
Marni Shapiro: So that was fine. So you had the lift for that, but the overall traffic lift, as people kind of have a little bit of time off or holidays coming up, that you didn't see? 
Michael Hartshorn: I would say, overall, the traffic is probably a large function of the consumer being squeezed with inflation. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aneesha Sherman with Bernstein. 
Aneesha Sherman: I have two, please. So I'm trying to square the model of your FY guide versus the Q2 guide, implies that you're modeling about flat comps in the second half of the year. And I'm trying to square that with your view of you're lapping assortment gaps last year, so you should be able to pick up more in the back half of the year. So how does that square with the view of flat comps? 
 And then my next question is around packaway. So you picked up a lot of packaway in Q4. When does that start to flow through? Is that fall/winter assortment that we should start to see that margin benefit from that flowing through in the second half? 
Michael Hartshorn: On the back half, that it does include our easiest compare in the fourth quarter. So fourth quarter would be the stronger comp. On packaway, on average, packaway, we hold it for about 4 months. So that's the way you should think about the timing on when we typically flow goods. 
Aneesha Sherman: But so just to follow up on the packaway. So if you -- the packaway that you're picking up in Q4, most of that will have already flowed through. Is that right? 
Barbara Rentler: It depends on the product. So the packaway that we picked up in Q4, so you're thinking it's like outerwear. So if it was outwear, it's seasonal. That packaway would obviously ship from the vendor when -- at the end of December, let's say, and would release in the fall season. But if you get -- there are other classifications of products like denim, like fleece, like knits or parts of home that are seasonless that can flow all along. So that can flow in Q1, can flow in Q2. A lot of packaway products are seasonless. So depending on the product itself. 
Operator: Your next comes from the line of Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory. 
Dana Telsey: Last quarter, we had talked about taking price. Where are we in that journey given the slowdown? Is that being adjusted at all? What are you seeing? And how does it differ for dd's versus the Ross brand? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. So as we've talked about before, we started to increase some of our AURs. Keeping in mind that it has to be the appropriate value separation from traditional retailers and in both companies. And we're strategically doing it. It's not just straight across the board and obviously examining that very closely, does it make sense or not. And you can do that simply by how quickly the goods turn and the markdown rate. 
 So the merchants are managing that every week while they're going through their selling. And then we're reviewing it, obviously, at a higher level to make sure that, that hasn't been an issue. But in both companies and particularly in dd's where the customer is very price sensitive, we really look at that at a pretty low level. 
Dana Telsey: Got it. And then just the health of your consumer, what are you seeing there? And how do you define the household income of dd's and Ross customers? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On the -- first of all, our overall customer is very broad, age-wise, ethnicity, and income-wise. On average, the Ross customer makes between 60 -- household income, $60,000 to $65,000. And the dd's customer is south of that, in the $40,000, $45,000 range. But I would say the health of our customer, they're being squeezed. Food and fuel prices with inflation there means they have less to spend on discretionary items. 
Dana Telsey: And then just lastly, as you think about the real estate portfolio, so then keep maintaining the same level of new store openings. Is there anything that would make you adjust your rate of new store openings? Or given that's a glide path for the future, no adjustment in the strong balance sheet that you have? How do you think of that real estate portfolio? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. At this point, Dana, we wouldn't change our glide path. We're planning to open 100 this year, and we will execute to that. And then we'll revisit our long-term plans. But we think there's market share available. We think there's market share opportunities. 
 We think value will becoming increasingly important for the customer as it has over the last number of years. And we think we have a great opportunity ahead of us. So we would continue with our store opening plan. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: I'm wondering if weather had an impact on your comp this quarter. The strength of Florida would seem to point to that, but the comment that the comp decelerated as the quarter progressed sort of fights against that theory. 
Michael Hartshorn: Laura, the weather did not have a material impact on the business in the quarter. 
Laura Champine: How are your more mature markets, like some of the California markets holding up relative to the whole? 
Michael Hartshorn: California was relatively in line with the chain and then -- of our bigger markets, which you mentioned, Texas and Florida. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mauricio Serna with UBS. 
Mauricio Serna Vega: I was wondering if you could comment on the divergence and performance between Ross stores and the dd's DISCOUNTS? Curious one on one began slowing down earlier than the other? 
 And then maybe about a question on the second half. I'm looking into the numbers, it implies roughly second half of the year flat comp sales, but I think it also implies double-digit EPS growth. So I'm wondering like what are the puts and takes there to drive the EPS growth in the second half of the year? 
Michael Hartshorn: On dd's, dd's did trail Ross, but they were up against stronger gains last year, especially with the government stimulus that has an outsized impact on that consumer and also last year's stimulus, with -- at their income levels, they were also more impacted by inflation than the Ross customer. 
Adam Orvos: Yes. And later in the year, profitability improvement really on that flattish sales. We're going to go up against the anniversary of not only the wage side of it, but also domestic and ocean freight costs. So we'll anniversary those significant increases versus last year. So that's really providing the lift that you're seeing in the model. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Corey Tarlowe with Jefferies. 
Corey Tarlowe: I believe in the prepared remarks, you talked about supply chain congestion easing somewhat. I was wondering if you could provide some incremental details about what you meant by that, what you witnessed in the quarter and then perhaps maybe what you're expecting going forward. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. We -- it's best to start from last year. So last year, the lead times degradated as we move through the year, so they got longer. So we planned the year based on what we saw in the fourth quarter. And what we saw in the first quarter is it did ease somewhat, which meant we received goods early. 
 Expectations for going forward, I think, will be highly dependent on how China comes back from their shutdown. So we're watching that very closely. We're going to be very cautious with our lead times, but I think it's going to be dependent on whether when they open back up and the timing of when it opens back up, what type of congestion that causes. 
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Daniel Hofkin with William Blair. 
Daniel Hofkin: You may have addressed this earlier, so I apologize if this has already been asked. But when you talked about execution issues, is that strictly a matter of kind of not enough of -- better selling products, too much of slower selling product? Or are there other issues you would point to? And then second would be, how would you break down sales shortfall between execution and consumer slowing down? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, I think what we're saying is we know we can do better. So in this environment -- inflationary environment, I mean, none of us have been in this for 40 years. So we know we can offer our customer better bargains, and we'll do that. So it's -- we wouldn't be able to break out execution versus the impact on inflation in the consumer. 
Daniel Hofkin: And then in terms of just the nature of the missed execution, was it all related to heaviness or how much of the better selling product you had are held or light on it or was it also pricing in some cases, just so we -- it would helpful understand that? 
Barbara Rentler: I think it goes back to what Michael was saying. It's not -- we had one major mistake or one major business that's really underperforming. We don't feel that we executed at the level that we're capable of. And so that might be something as simple as we should have bought more career versus casual, a shift of penetration of a few points, Filling up the delivery of something. It's just not quite as crisp as we normally are. There's no -- if the real question is, are there any real assortment issues in select businesses, there aren't. We need to execute at a higher level, and we need to -- to the level that we're capable of doing and that we have been doing. And so that's really what we need to do as an organization. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I will now turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for final remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-28 23:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's call is being recorded. 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings, COVID-related costs and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2020 Form 10-K and fiscal 2021 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 Now I would like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President and Chief Operating Officer; Adam Orvos, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Betty Chen, Vice President, Investor Relations. We will begin our call today with a review of our fourth quarter and 2021 performance, followed by our outlook for '22 and the longer term. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 
 As noted in today's press release, we achieved strong sales results in the fourth quarter despite the negative impact from both the surge in Omicron cases during the peak holiday selling period and continued supply chain congestion. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended January 29, 2022, were $1.04 on net income of $367 million. This compared to $1.28 per share on net earnings of $456 million for the 13 weeks ended February 1, 2020. 
 Total sales for the fourth quarter were $5 billion with comparable store sales up 9% versus the same period in 2019. For the 2021 fiscal year, earnings per share were $4.87 on net income of $1.723 billion, up from $4.60 per share on net earnings of $1.661 billion in 2019. Total sales for 2021 rose 18% to $18.9 billion with comparable store sales up 13%. 
 Now let's turn to additional details on our fourth quarter results. For the holiday selling period, the best performing larger merchandise areas were children's and men's, while the Midwest and Southeast were the strongest regions. Similar to Ross, dd's DISCOUNTS trends remained solid during the period. However, their profitability was also negatively impacted by cost pressures related to freight, wages and COVID. 
 At quarter end, total consolidated inventories were up 23% versus 2019, mainly from an increase in in-transit merchandise due to longer lead times from the industry-wide supply chain bottlenecks. Average store inventories were down slightly versus 2019, while packaway merchandise represented 40% of total inventories versus 46% 2 years ago. 
 As noted in today's release, we are pleased to report that our Board recently authorized a new 2-year program to repurchase up to $1.9 billion of our common stock through fiscal 2023. This authorization replaces the $850 million remaining under the prior buyback we announced in May of last year. A total of $650 million of common stock was repurchased under the previous program in fiscal 2021. 
 The Board also increased our quarterly cash dividend by 9% to $0.31 per share to be payable on March 31, 2022, to stockholders of record as of March 15, 2022. The increases to our stock repurchase and dividend program reflects our ongoing commitment to enhancing stockholder value and returns as well as our confidence in the strength of our balance sheet and projected future cash flows. 
 Now Adam will provide further details on our fourth quarter results and additional color on our outlook for fiscal 2022. 
Adam Orvos: Thank you, Barbara. As previously mentioned, our comparable store sales increased 9% for the quarter. This gain was driven by growth in the size of the average basket, partially offset by a decline in transactions. Fourth quarter operating margin of 9.8% was down 350 basis points from 13.3% in 2019, mainly due to ongoing expense headwinds. Cost of goods sold increased 210 basis points due to a combination of factors. Domestic freight rose 100 basis points, and distribution costs increased 70 basis points, primarily due to the previously mentioned supply chain challenges, in addition to higher wages. Merchandise margin declined 50 basis points due to higher ocean freight costs, while buying expenses grew 20 basis points. Occupancy levered 30 basis points on higher sales volume. SG&A for the period rose 140 basis points, again, due to pressure from the holiday-related pay incentives, plus higher wages and COVID costs. Total net COVID-related expenses for the quarter were approximately 35 basis points with a higher impact to SG&A than cost of goods sold. 
 Now let's discuss our outlook for fiscal 2022. As Barbara noted in our press release, 2022 is a difficult year to predict for numerous reasons. We are up against last year's record government stimulus and the lifting of COVID restrictions that led to unprecedented consumer demand, which fueled extraordinary sales gains in the spring of 2021. In addition, we continue to face industry-wide supply chain headwinds as well as external risks from the effects of inflation, both on consumer demand and on costs within our business. As a result, comparable store sales for the 52 weeks ending January 28, 2023, are planned to be flat to up 3% versus a 13% gain in 2021. 
 Earnings per share for 2022 are projected to be $4.71 to $5.12 compared to $4.87 in 2021. This reflects our expectation for sales and profitability to improve as we move through the year given the substantial cost increases we incurred in the fall of 2021. Our guidance assumptions for the 2022 year include total sales are forecast to grow by 2% to 6%. We plan to return to our more normal opening cadence of 100 new locations in 2022 comprised of about 75 Ross and 25 dd's DISCOUNTS. As usual, we expect to close about 10 older stores. 
 Operating margin for the full year is planned to be in the 11.6% to 12.1% range, down slightly from 2021 due to deleveraging on lower same-store sales gains, and again, ongoing expense headwinds, especially in the first half of 2022. Net interest expense is estimated to be $70 million. Depreciation and amortization expense, inclusive of stock-based amortization, is forecast to be about $560 million for the year. The tax rate is projected to be about 24% to 25%, and diluted shares outstanding are expected to be approximately 348 million. 
 In addition, capital expenditures for 2022 are planned to be approximately $800 million. This outlay will fund further investments in our supply chain to support long-term growth and in technology to increase efficiencies throughout the business in order to maximize our prospects to capture profitable market share going forward. 
 Let's now turn to our guidance for the first quarter. In addition to the aforementioned stimulus benefits and strong pent-up demand early last year, we also faced larger headwinds from higher freight and wage costs early in the year. As a result, we are forecasting comparable store sales for the 13 weeks ending April 30, 2022, to be down 2% to down 4% on top of a 13% gain for the 13 weeks ended May 1, 2021. Earnings per share for the 2022 first quarter are projected to be $0.93 to $0.99 versus $1.34 in the prior year period. 
 The operating statement assumptions that support our first quarter guidance includes the following: Total sales are forecast to be down 2% to up 1% versus last year's first quarter. We plan to add 30 new stores, consisting of 22 Ross and 8 dd's DISCOUNTS during the period. We project first quarter operating margin to be 10.2% to 10.6% compared to 14.2% last year. The expected decline reflects the deleveraging effect from the negative same-store sales assumption as well as ongoing expense pressure from freight and wage costs early in the year. Net interest expense is estimated to be $19 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 25%, and diluted shares are forecast to be about $350 million. 
 Now I will turn the call back to Barbara Rentler for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Adam. As mentioned in our press release, given consumers' increased focus on value and convenience, we have seen favorable sales trends in both our new and infill market stores. As a result, along with the large number of retail closures and bankruptcies over the last several years, we now believe that Ross Dress for Less can expand to about 2,900 locations, up from our prior target of 2,400 and that dd's DISCOUNTS can eventually become a chain of approximately 700 stores versus our previous projection of 600. This represents an overall 20% increase in our forecasted potential to 3,600 stores, providing substantial runway for expansion relative to our year-end store count of 1,923 locations. 
 We operate in attractive sector of retail, and our mission continues to be delivering the best bargains possible to leverage our favorable market position. Looking at 2023 and beyond, we are targeting a return to double-digit earnings per growth driven by a combination of same-store sales gains, operating margin, improvement accelerated new store openings and our ongoing stock repurchase program. 
 In closing, we especially want to thank our approximately 100,000 talented associates throughout the company whose dedication has enabled us to successfully navigate through the unprecedented challenges of the past 2 years. We believe their continued efforts will enable us to capitalize on our opportunities for future sales and earnings growth while also delivering strong returns to stockholders over the coming years. 
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. Great. I wanted to just ask about the guidance here for Q1 and if you have seen perhaps a better start to the quarter, better -- expecting deceleration as we get through the stimulus lap. I'm just wondering how you're planning the quarter. 
 And then if I could just sneak one more in, I just wanted to ask Barbara about what you're seeing in terms of inventory availability in the market and whether you have been able to capitalize on perhaps some of the supply chain volatility that's causing late deliveries elsewhere. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, I'll start with the first quarter guidance, it's Michael Hartshorn. The first quarter last year, we saw a significant acceleration in March and April last year. As a reminder, the government stimulus hit in the -- started being disbursed to taxpayers in the third week. So that -- we're planning around that with our guidance. We had a slower start to the year last year and then had a significant acceleration as we move through the quarter. 
Barbara Rentler: And then as it pertains, Kimberly, to availability, there is definitely availability. But what I would say is it's not consistent across all merchandise departments and classifications. As goods come in from the supply chain congestion and there's issues, it's not always as broad-based in every business. But with that, yes, I would say we've been able to capitalize on the volatility in the supply chain, just given our increase in packaway, how much it's gone up in the last few months. And we see more potential opportunities in front of us from closeout -- there's a lot of that merchandise that vendors are still moving is not necessarily even in the country. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: So with the inflationary backdrop getting tougher, I was hoping you could give us some perspective on how your customer has responded to the inflation in the past. And as you're planning for the spring season, how are you thinking about the share gain opportunity as consumers seek value versus the risk of a near-term pullback in spending as consumers digest some of the price hikes in Essentials categories? 
Michael Hartshorn: Obviously, we don't have -- it's been 40 years since the U.S. has seen this type of inflation, so we don't have a ton of experience on how the customer will react. So I'd be speculating as inflation appears at this point to be with us for a while, in general, I'd say the consumer seems to be healthy coming into the year, given higher wages and savings. But obviously, with this level of inflation throughout the economy, they're going to have to make choices how and where they spend their money, and it's highly likely the consumer will be seeking value, and that would be positive for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Great, and congrats on the next quarter. So Barbara, maybe could you elaborate on the behavioral changes that you cited tied to value and convenience, when you saw this potentially accelerate, how you think the model is positioned? And then just on the profitability front, as you cited in 2023 and moving forward, operating margin improvement, help us to think about the drivers of that as we think about the return to double-digit earnings growth annually going forward? 
Michael Hartshorn: Let me -- on the way we're thinking about this year, I'll just go through the components of expenses and then talk through the long-term model. Overall, like everyone in the U.S. economy, we're seeing cost inflation throughout the business. For us, it's most acutely felt in transportation, both domestic and ocean freight markets and also on the wage front. In those 3 areas, we have a very good line of sight on ocean freight and we know that they will remain elevated through 2022. 
 On the domestic freight, we don't expect the same type of headwinds on core domestic freight, although we do expect, especially with the current geopolitics, we do expect volatility in fuel-related costs. And then on wages with low unemployment rates, the overall labor market continues to be very tight, although the warehousing labor market has been the most competitive over the last year. All that said, we believe we're well positioned to start the year, especially given the wage actions we took in the back half of 2021. 
 On the long-term model, given our market share opportunity with the consumers' heightened focus on value and convenience and given the fact that we're facing less brick-and-mortar competition, we believe we have a market share opportunity going forward. So looking into 2023, we're -- as you mentioned, we're targeting double-digit earnings per share growth. And the model or the formula looks very similar to what it looked like prior to the pandemic, and that's a combination of new store growth around 5%, comp sales of 3% to 4% with EBIT margin expansion at the high end of that range. And with the stock repurchase program, that adds up to the double-digit EPS growth. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Earlier today, Cole spoke to an improving traffic picture in the month of February and also noted that they've begun to see some trade down in certain categories, suggesting that the focus on value that you guys are suggesting has actually already started to begun. So I'm just curious if you've seen that thus far and how it bodes for the balance of the year. 
Michael Hartshorn: We wouldn't comment on inter-quarter trends for us. Obviously, the latest information we can talk about is in January, what we did see during the quarter, as Omicron spiked, surged right before Christmas, we did see a falloff on traffic, but the customer with their fewer trips bought more per transaction as we progressed through the remainder of the quarter. 
Barbara Rentler: And the focus on value, our customer has always been focused on value. But as the world is evolving and the inflation, we actually feel we have an opportunity to gain a trade-down customer at the same time. So value has always been critical for us, and it's something the merchants are constantly watching and evaluating, especially as retails have gone up in the outside world, understanding where our price value relationship is with everything. So value is critical to us always, and it'll just be more important go forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Just following up on that. You had discussed last quarter some limited pricing actions in certain categories. Can you update us on the success of that and if you plan to continue to broaden that out through more of the store? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. We have put in a strategic process where we actually go in and the buyers are constantly assessing the market to understand pricing and where there were there potentially opportunities to increase that pricing. And we started that last quarter, and it continued through this quarter. And the average price per SKU was up somewhat during the quarter. The way we're looking at it is we've had successes in many areas now compared to where we were, and we are watching it and evaluating it and I would say being cautious about moving the needle based off of where we sit in the food chain. So we're evolving and testing in certain commodities -- not even testing, buying it in certain commodities where it's been successful. 
 But I think the most important thing for us to remember is that value to our customer, the real definition for her is the appropriate separation of price between ourselves and mainstream retail. So we'll continue to do that, and we'll watch things as they evolve and move on from there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Just to follow that a little bit, I mean, it does seem like -- I know, at first, you're fairly resistant to talking about AUR increases. But I guess, 2 quarters has gone by now, and the rest of the world is going to be taking some pretty meaningful price increases. I mean, do you see the opportunity improving versus where you were 1 and 2 quarters ago as far as the ability to take price? And I guess also, as you look through the store, are you starting to see any evidence of a new customer coming in that would point to evidence to you of a trade down? 
 I know during the great recession, it was a long time ago now, but I know you guys benefited from a lot of customers coming in from channels like department store and specialty apparel. Wondering if you're seeing any evidence like that of -- among the new customers coming in. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, Michael, first, let's talk about the pricing. So right, for the last 2 quarters, we've really been watching it. We've got a process in place. We are watching the retails move in our competition and all types of competition because the merchants are studying that and where we think we have that opportunity, and we can still offer unbelievable value to the customer, we're taking it. If we don't feel like we can offer that value to her at this point, we're not taking it. 
 What I would also say is, it's kind of hard to predict where mainstream retailers will be in the future and what they're going to do because prices can go up and go up and go up, and they might go up until they don't work at some point. And a traditional retailer can POS in any moment in time. 
 So we are trying to really manage our way through giving the customer great value, increasing the AUR where it's appropriate and really making sure that we balance through where the future could go in terms of potential POS-ing at some point in time. So -- there's a lot of variables, which is why we have processes in place, and we're doing it strategically. But where we have done it strategically and continue to offer value to the customer, great values, it is working. 
 And in terms of understanding of the trade-down customer, I think it's kind of hard to see if you're asking from specific types of products or retails. I wouldn't say we've seen anything specific along those lines to say that we're getting a trade-down customer at this point. But with inflation continuing, one would think that, that would be a logical conclusion that over time that we could potentially pick up additional market share. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: I have just a quick follow-up on the pricing question again, I'm sorry. But are you able to take prices up at dd's? I know those prices tend to be a little bit lower and the customer a little bit more sensitive. 
 And then if you could also just talk about past this year kind of longer term, you said there's a change out there in bricks-and-mortar, fewer competitors, potentially meaning a healthier retail environment in general. So is there an opportunity for you guys to push up the food chain a little bit with some better brands and some changes to the assortment just a little bit, especially at Ross Stores? 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. So 2 things. So at dd's, we have -- the customer is absolutely price sensitive and has lower price points -- but in duties, we're running the same process we're doing at Ross, we're studying it. The merchants are understanding it, they're understanding values because a lot of the competition for dd's is mass market, and a lot of those retails have gone up. And so we're running the same process in both companies to make sure that we have real sizes around it, we can understand it and make the right decisions. And dd's also had success in some areas where they have tried it. So I would say both companies, it's kind of -- it's an ongoing process, and it will be the same process that will continue. 
 In terms of longer, you're saying an assortment strategy, could we trade up into more better brands? Look, I think our better brand strategy that we have, we're comfortable with. We continue to test and try a set of brands to what the customers respond to -- so I would think we would continue to do that and then give her and offer her what she wants. But as it stands today, when it comes to brands and supply, as you know, -- it can also pick it out, right? So especially on better brands, they can be a lot and then it can temper they can come back up. So I think we're always looking to try to increase our brand strategy and try to offer the customer the best possible products and values that we can. And so that process would continue with over time, there were more opportunities and the customer was responding. We would continue to shift the assortment based on the customers' response. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Beth Reed with Truist Securities. 
Beth Reed Pricoli: I want to ask about the lower income consumer. Do you see any changes in purchasing patterns related to this specific customer cohort? Or any color on trends at Ross versus dd's? 
Michael Hartshorn: I wouldn't make any call-outs, Ross versus dd. dd's performance has been in line to both actually performed better with government stimulus earlier in the year but has maintained levels that are similar. 
 And then -- in terms of changes, there are just so many factors that are happening with the consumer, whether it's COVID related, whether it's inflation, whether it's -- all the other things we're seeing, it would be hard to parse that specifically out on their behavior related to income factors. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about the expanded opportunity for new store openings at both businesses, any adjustments in the size that you're making, how are you thinking about the regions where you're going to and expanding into and any framework this past fourth quarter of what you saw by region and how it was different by brand? 
Michael Hartshorn: On region performance, what we saw in the fourth quarter, as we said in the commentary, the top-performing regions included the Southeast and the Midwest. And then our largest regions, California, Florida and Texas. Texas was above the chain average, and California and Florida were slightly below. 
 But in terms of how we're thinking about long-term store potential, where we -- what gives us confidence in that is we -- as we do every year, we look at research on the store potential. And there's a couple of factors that are important. First of all, more broadly, the consumers focus on value and convenience and then the brick-and-mortar retail closures but also the changing traffic patterns for evolving customer behavior post-COVID, our ability to cluster stores together in high-density and high-volume trade areas. We've had success in our smaller markets. And then last but not least, we have a favorable growth trends in our targeted demographics. So those are the changes that gives us confidence to increase the store count potential to 3,600 locations. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: It's about the long-term growth algorithm that you're laying out today, and it's more philosophical. Like why is now -- we're going into our third year where the comparables aren't exactly likely to live up to their name. Why is now the right time to lay out this long-term growth algorithm? And what gives you the confidence that you can put up sustainable comp growth? What kind of a macro do you need to hit your goals? 
Michael Hartshorn: Well, I'd say, number one, Laura, is what we've talked about is given the customers' continued focus on value and convenience, we're in the right sector of retail -- and we think we have a large market share opportunity ahead of us. I think this is the first time, 2022 is a difficult year to predict. But -- we think we can grow market share, and we think we have the strategies in place to be able to do that. 
Laura Champine: If I can get a quick follow-on, Will the growth -- I think what I heard was store growth of about 5%. Would that push your CapEx in the out-years up to more like 4% or 5% of sales compared to the 3%, 3.5% you have been running historically? 
Michael Hartshorn: It's -- there's a couple of factors that go into the CapEx. Certainly, one of the most important is new store growth. But it can get choppy with our distribution center capital as we're -- as last year, we added a new distribution center that is opening early this year. So it can get a bit choppy. But going forward, I think it remains at these levels, maybe slightly up in future years based on distribution center capacity growth. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kernan with Cowen. 
John Kernan: Freight inflation and wage inflation isn't the only cost inflation out there. Product costs are higher. What's the outlook for merchandise margin this year and long term? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. John, I'll jump in on that. Consistent with the prior quarters and 2021, merchandise margin was strong. Without ocean freight, it improved every quarter versus 2019. So while we expect ocean freight costs to remain elevated through 2022, we're going to anniversary that initial spike in ocean freight costs in the fall. So as we look forward into 2022, again, without the impact of ocean freight, we feel like it's healthy and will continue to be strong and grow in 2022, obviously, dependent on sales and inventory turns but feel strong about that. 
John Kernan: Got it. Just maybe one quick follow-up. Where are we in the wage inflation cycle at Ross stores, you seem to imply that you've taken wages up both in stores and DCs. We've heard quite a bit from some of your big-box competitors out there about where they're taking wages. Where are we in the wage inflation cycle here? Do you feel comfortable where you are now in both DCs and stores. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I would say, into the year, we feel good about the changes we made last year, but we -- our approach has been to look at wages on a market-by-market basis versus a blanket approach. But I would also add there are statutory increases. There's minimum wage increases. California has large bumps year to year, and there's other large states for us that have minimum wage increases. So we're keeping up with those, and then we're making decisions on a market-by-market basis to make sure we can hire great talent across the chain. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Just on freight, I think you gave on a LLY basis, it was a 100 basis point headwind in Q4. Can you just say what that was year-over-year, just to give some context. And then if there's any way you could explain what's embedded. I think you said the cost should get much better as you move through next fiscal year. But what is the year-over-year headwind that you're currently anticipating, whether it's first half, full year? Anything that would be helpful would be great. 
Michael Hartshorn: Ike, we wouldn't give specifics on the deleverage. We usually would do that after the fact. But as I explained the back half of last year is when we started seeing significant increases in ocean freight as lead times extended, and we had to pay more in the spot rate market, so we're up against that. We'll be up against that next year, so it will be less of a headwind this year. 
 Overall, we expect, though, that ocean freights will stay elevated all the way through the year and perhaps a bit higher, but the vast headwind will be in the first half of the year versus the second half of the year, if that makes sense. 
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over back to Barbara Rentler for closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. 
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-17 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management, followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings, COVID-related costs and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business.  
 These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2020 Form 10-K and fiscal 2021 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President, Chief Operating Officer; and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations. And I'd also like to welcome Adam Orvos, our recently appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We'll begin our call today with a review of our third quarter performance, followed by an update on our outlook for the fourth quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.  
 As noted in today's press release, third quarter sales and profitability significantly exceeded our expectations as consumers continued to respond favorably to our broad assortment of great bargains. We achieved these results despite waning government stimulus and uncertainties related to the spread of COVID variants. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended October 30, 2021, were $1.09 on net income of $385 million. This compares to $1.03 per share on net earnings of $371 million for the 13 weeks ended November 2, 2019.  
 Total sales for the quarter rose 19% to $4.6 billion with strong comparable store sales increase of 14%. For the first 9 months, earnings per share were $3.82 on net earnings of $1.4 billion, up from $3.32 per share on net income of $1.2 billion for the same period in 2019. Sales for the first 9 months of this year rose 20% to $13.9 billion with comparable store sales up 14%.  
 For the third quarter at Ross, children and men's were the best-performing businesses while the Midwest and Southeast were the top-performing regions. dd's DISCOUNTS trends remained strong during the period as their sales performance also significantly exceeded our expectations. However, like Ross, dd's profitability was negatively impacted by cost pressures related to freight, wages and COVID.  
 At quarter end, total consolidated inventories were up 3%, while average selling store inventories were down 1% versus 2019. Packaway levels ended at 31% of the total compared to 39% for the same period in 2019 as we continued to use a substantial amount of packaway merchandise to support ahead of planned sales. In addition, there were receipt delays due to supply chain congestion.  
 Turning to store growth. We completed our expansion program for 2021 with the addition of 18 new Ross and 10 dd's DISCOUNTS in the third quarter. For the full year, we added 65 locations comprised of 44 Ross and 21 dd's DISCOUNTS. Additionally, we plan to close 1 store by year-end. As previously mentioned, we expect to return to our normal annual opening program of approximately 100 stores in 2022. Now Adam Orvos will provide further details on our third quarter results, fourth quarter guidance and updated outlook for the year. 
Adam Orvos: Thank you, Barbara. As previously stated, comparable store sales were up 14% in the quarter. The increase was mainly driven by a larger average basket with traffic down slightly versus 2019. Operating margin of 11.4% was well above our guidance range. As expected, the decline in overall profitability versus 2019 was mainly due to ongoing headwinds from higher freight, wage and COVID-related costs.  
 Cost of goods sold grew by 85 basis points in the quarter. Domestic freight expenses increased 125 basis points, while higher ocean freight costs negatively impacted merchandise margin, which declined by 40 basis points. Buying also rose by 10 basis points. These higher expenses were partially offset by occupancy and distribution leverage of 65 and 25 basis points, respectively.  
 SG&A for the period grew 15 basis points as leverage from the strong sales gain was offset by COVID expenses and higher incentive costs given our better-than-expected third quarter results. Total net COVID-related costs for the period were approximately 35 basis points, the vast majority of which impacted SG&A.  
 During the third quarter, we repurchased 2.1 million shares of common stock for an aggregate cost of $241 million. We remain on track to buy back a total of $650 million in stock for the year.  
 Now let's discuss our fourth quarter guidance. As a reminder, our projections compare to the same period in 2019. Looking ahead, while we are encouraged by the ongoing strength of consumer demand, there remains significant uncertainty related to the worsening industry-wide supply chain congestion as we enter the important holiday season. As a result and while we hope to do better, we are forecasting comparable store sales to be up 7% to 9% with earnings per share projected in the range of $0.83 to $0.93 for the 13 weeks ending January 29, 2022.  
 The operating statement assumptions that support our fourth quarter guidance include the following: total sales are projected to grow 10% to 13%. We expect operating margin to be 8.1% to 8.8%. This forecast primarily reflects ongoing pressure from the previously mentioned supply chain headwinds as well as holiday pay incentives in our stores and distribution centers. In addition, COVID-related costs are projected to negatively impact EBIT margin by approximately 30 basis points in the period.  
 Net interest expense is estimated to be about $18 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 22% to 23%, and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about 352 million. Based on our year-to-date results and fourth quarter guidance, we are now forecasting full year comparable store sales gains of 12% to 13% and earnings per share in the range of $4.65 to $4.75 compared to $4.60 in 2019. Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Adam. We're encouraged by our above-plan sales year-to-date. As Adam noted, uncertainty remains on how industry-wide supply chain congestion may negatively affect our business in the fourth quarter. That said, we believe we are well positioned as a value retailer and are confident customers will find broad assortments of great branded bargains in our stores for the holiday season.  
 Moving forward, consumers' increasing focus on value and convenience, along with a large number of retail -- recent retail closures and bankruptcies, make us confident about our prospects for continued market share gains in the future. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  We have our first question coming from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on a nice quarter. So Barbara, with 3 straight quarters, 13% to 15% 2-year comps, could you elaborate on market share gains tied to value and convenience that you're seeing? And then given the closures and bankruptcies that you cited, how would you best characterize product availability in the marketplace today? 
Michael Hartshorn: Matthew, it's Michael Hartshorn. On market share gains, longer term, we're very excited about the market share opportunity ahead of us. We're in a very healthy sector of retail with the consumer even more focused, as you mentioned, on value and convenience. We've clearly gained market share during the pandemic and are confident about our future prospects for further gains, given the significant number of retail closures and bankruptcies. 
Barbara Rentler: And Matthew, in terms of product availability, I have a [ good feeling ], it's a good time to be a buyer, maybe not in every category but some areas are very good. Others are inconsistent but overall, it's favorable. Even with store closures, one would expect that over time, as -- after COVID as retail settles, that the market will get more bullish on creating more goods. But right now, we really feel good about market availability. 
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: Welcome, Adam. I'm curious, just with the more inflationary backdrop, are you seeing more opportunities to raise ticket while still maintaining the strong value proposition? Or how are you thinking about this lever to offset some of the ongoing freight and expense pressures? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Look, our pricing model is really built off of other mainstream retailers and then we provide a discount. So we're very aware of pricing at different levels of distribution and we watch it closely. With that, we've continued to experiment with higher retail in all areas in the new organization. In some cases, it's been absolutely fine, and in some cases, not quite as fine. And I wouldn't elaborate more on that in this forum. But what I would say is we would adjust pricing over time once we understand it. We don't know where it's really all going at this point, but we are definitely experimenting with different retails. 
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Paul Lejuez with Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: You referenced ongoing strength of consumer demand. I was curious if that was a comment on the fourth quarter to date, if you're seeing that continue. You also referenced worsening industry-wide supply chain congestion, and I'm curious if that's hurting you thus far in 4Q to a greater degree than what you saw in 3Q. And big picture, I'm wondering if you think that congestion will ultimately be good for your business, either in fourth quarter or into '22. 
Michael Hartshorn: Paul, we are seeing a very healthy consumer. When we came into the quarter, we were worried about the Delta variant and also the receding government stimulus. But we've continued to see a very healthy consumer with strong demand for us across geographies, merchandise areas, and you can see relatively across retail, one that is increasingly focused on price value.  
 On the freight front, we've taken a number of actions to ready ourselves for the holiday selling period, including adjusting our ordering times. We chartered our own ocean vessel, and we've been purchasing at market rate capacity to make sure we have enough ocean freight to move goods. You can see that certainly in our margins for the quarter. Our merchant margin was impacted by ocean freight that we weren't able to offset, with merchant margin down about 40 basis points. I wouldn't comment on the impact in the third quarter. The congestion right now is squarely focused on the port and getting goods out of the port. 
Paul Lejuez: And the merchandise margin, you said it was down 40 basis points. What -- you said that was impacted by ocean. Can you separate the pure merch margin versus the ocean piece? 
Michael Hartshorn: We wouldn't break that out separately. Ocean freight is actually included in our merchant margin. Merchant margin ended up better than we expected for the quarter as we had more full-price selling and faster turns with the inventory ahead of plan -- our sales ahead of plan. 
Barbara Rentler: And then I would say, as it pertains to the supply chain congestion, it should create more closeout opportunities for us in the future. 
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Barbara, I know you said it's a good time to be a buyer, but I just wanted to focus in on any risk around receipt timing ahead of holiday. And then what are you hearing from your vendors going into the spring of next year vis-à-vis product availability and the categories you really want to focus on? 
Barbara Rentler: On receipt timing ahead of holiday, I think we've taken all the appropriate actions as it pertains to receipt timing, whether Michael just said chartering the vessel, building in longer lead times, everything to get goods through the port. But with that, we have concerns, not a given but we have some concerns. As we think about product for spring, I think vendors have gotten very aggressive in terms of pricing goods. I think there are some vendors that are really looking to gain some market share in this time frame and have taken bigger risk in terms of making commitments. So I think it's very much on who the vendor is and what their strategy is. But in terms of -- again, in terms of timing for holiday, we've taken the assets we think we need to take. But again, we have some concerns but it's not a given. 
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay, great. I just wanted to follow up on Lorraine's question just about holiday, Barbara, and just want to make sure I understand you clearly. So how are you feeling about your in-stock levels currently here, call it, middle of November? And how do you feel about your inventory position here for the next sort of 6 weeks of holiday selling? If you could just give us a little bit of color just on the short term. And then I wanted to ask a couple of other questions, if I could. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, on inventory position currently, we're in a good shape. We ended the quarter with average in-store inventories down about 1%, which is where we wanted them to be, and we continue to have a fresh flow of product. There are a lot of receipts between now and the next 6 weeks. And there could be some risk in areas like home that, as Barbara mentioned, they're not a given but we reflected that risk in our guidance at 7% to 9%. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay, got it. And is it -- are the receipts risk concentrated in home because that's where you would have, call it, more of a direct import or more of the direct imports would be impacting that area and those would be the items that would be either stuck in ports or on ocean-going vessels? 
Michael Hartshorn: Correct, right. Mainly -- we have 6 weeks left mainly stuck in ports. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay, mainly stuck in ports. Okay, perfect. That is great, okay. And then on the quarter, Michael or Adam, whoever wants to address this, you talked about larger basket size. I'm wondering if you can talk about the average unit retail versus the units per transaction, what's driving that? And then just longer term, following up on the question with regard to pricing. I'm not sure if you have taken a look at where you're sitting competitively versus peers. But is there -- I know there are some of your peers looking at some surgical price increases in some categories. I'm just wondering if you've taken a look at your pricing and re-benchmarked it recently, if you have any thoughts on that. 
Adam Orvos: Yes, this is Adam. Let me jump in on the first part of that question. So our strong comps were driven by size of basket, which was primarily driven by a number of units per transaction. We did have a slight increase in AUR, driven by the better full-price selling, given the above-plan sales. And then as we mentioned, there was a slight decline in traffic in the quarter. 
Barbara Rentler: And then as it pertains to the pricing issue, we are definitely experimenting with higher retails. And I said in some areas, it's working, it's fine. In some areas, it's not fine. I think we'll continue to do that, Kimberly, and fine-tune what the customer is willing to accept as we watch what goes on in mainstream retailers and where their AURs sit. And after we get comfortable, over time, we would consider adjusting the pricing once we really understand it. 
 But as we get ready to enter into Q4, we're not expecting mainstream retailers to promote but we don't really know that as you get into Q4, and there's really this compressed period of time. So with that, again, merchants are out there trying new things, trying retail, seeing what the customer is willing to accept. But we kind of need to see both of those things to take, I would say, a larger step. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Perfect. Makes perfect sense. 
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: I was wondering if you guys could speak to the trend of your comp there in the quarter. And if you think weather had any impact, adverse impact, particularly in September and October? And any early thoughts on the first couple of weeks of November? It sounds like the trend has stayed strong but just wanted to confirm that. 
Adam Orvos: This is Adam, I can take that. So comps were strong throughout the quarter and really no -- weather impact was very immaterial in the quarter. 
Michael Hartshorn: And we wouldn't comment on intra-quarter trends. 
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: I'm just curious, as you look at the guidance, what you guys are seeing in the business that helped you build to a 7% to 9% guidance for fourth quarter. I think the last prior 2 quarters, it was 5% to 7%. Just any change on how you built up with it. But then, I guess Michael, when you -- can you help -- I know you won't give us a number to Paul's question earlier, but when you think about what you baked into freight in the fourth quarter, maybe just some directional idea of how that looks relative to third quarter. 
 And then as you look out, maybe just -- thinking about when your contracts roll, how much visibility you have into the first half of next year and help us understand if it's -- if we should think that, that's still going to be an incremental headwind into the first half based on what you guys know today. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Michael. Let me generally talk about the fourth quarter guidance. Obviously, in these uncertain times, we believe it's prudent to be conservative, as we always have with our guidance, and hope to exceed these estimates. Obviously, the large difference between Q3 is a cautious comp estimate, given the potential impact of unpredictable supply chain congestion. 
 The guidance also includes ongoing freight pressure related to the congestion. I would say it's not significantly worse than it was in Q3. It also includes elevated wage-related costs due to holiday incentives in both our stores and distribution centers to acknowledge our associates' extraordinary dedication throughout the pandemic. What we'd expect on that is above -- sales above the estimates, we'd expect 15 to 20 basis points of leverage. 
 On freight congestion, I think our view at this point is we would not expect freight to subside probably through the first half of next year. And then we'll have to see how it trends after that. In terms of what impact that could have, we'll have more to say in our year-end call as we finish up wrapping up our budget cycle. 
Michael Binetti: Okay. If I could follow that. Just as you look at some of the AUR initiatives that you are seeing success with, Barb, do you feel like you have enough at this point to combat that freight pressure in the first half as needed? 
Barbara Rentler: No. I think where we are now is that we will continue to test the AUR and then make probably slower moves so we really understand what that looks like in mainstream retailers. 
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Jay Sole with UBS. 
Jay Sole: Great. I just want to know if you can share with us, high level, I'm not looking for any specific guidance, but going into first quarter next year, lapping the stimulus. How much of a benefit do you think you got from the stimulus in the first quarter of this year? And how do you think it might play out next year as you lap that, what kind of impact would it have on sales? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. At this point, we wouldn't comment on next year. As I said, we'll have more to say after we wrap up the fourth quarter and provide guidance in our year-end call in early March. 
Jay Sole: Okay. And maybe if I can just ask one more then. There's a lot of talk about how the pandemic has changed shopping and consumers may be adopting more of an omni-channel method. If you look at the operating income growth for your department store competitors over the last 3 quarters, it's up over 100%. Versus off-price, it's up more like 10%. Do you feel at all like something has changed where maybe the department stores are catching up a little bit? And if not, why not? 
Michael Hartshorn: Catching up in what regard? 
Jay Sole: Just catching up in a way that like you've outgrown them in terms of sales. You mentioned the market share gains that you've taken, outgrown them in terms of profit, but maybe they're getting closer to competing and being able, maybe not necessarily maintain the same level of sales, but maybe getting more profitable, which ultimately could be an advantage they could use to sort of catch up in other ways as well. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I think overall, we'll have to see how it plays out. I mean, we're still in this burst of economic activity where demand is exceeding supply. I think we have to understand what happens when it's a more -- a greater balance between supply and demand, which we'll see if that's first quarter or second quarter of next year. So it's hard to say at this point. 
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Congratulations. Could we just talk a little bit about 2 things? As the consumer's back out and about, working events, parties, have you seen a shift in what she's buying or are you continuing to see strength across the board? And then if you can also just touch on, with all of the late deliveries in the market, have you been able to still get in the very holiday-rich type of items, Christmas-themed items? Or were you able to tap into packaways from last year's holiday to make sure that, that was on the floor in time? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure, Marni. We have seen a shift with the customers. Look, we've always had a big casual business, let me tell you that. That's always been a big business for us. And certainly during the pandemic, that business got even bigger and stronger for us. But what we have seen is we have seen the customer make a shift back into what you're looking for as holiday, glitz, dress-up, specials [ ongoing there ]. We have seen the customer make that shift into holiday product and also just more into more mainstream sports brands. So a little bit of both. So casual is still very good, still a business that we believe and it will expand and get greater, but she is making a shift, whether it's back to work or she's going out for easing, whatever she's doing, we have seen that, yes. 
Marni Shapiro: What about like in the home and like bags, like those kinds of bags to go back to work or the home area, if she's going back to work and not thinking about her home as much? I don't know. 
Barbara Rentler: You're saying like in handbags? 
Marni Shapiro: Yes. Has she shifted into handbags as she's going out again or out of home and into apparel more? Those kinds of bigger shifts as well? 
Barbara Rentler: I think anything where she is leaving her house in -- on the apparel side has taken a shift, whether it's in footwear, whether it's in handbags. She hasn't replenished, replaced a lot of those products in a long time. So yes, we are seeing a shift back into some of those businesses as she goes out. She wants new stuff. So whether it's home or apparel though, Marni, I would say both businesses have been relatively similar in sales gain. So she's kind of traveling between both worlds now. I think the surge in apparel is because she just doesn't own it. 
Marni Shapiro: Yes, that makes sense. And then just on the packaway? 
Barbara Rentler: And then on packaway, we -- and how it's just -- just do me a favor, just remind me that piece again on packaway because I think I might have interpreted it as the holiday piece. Hit me back with that question again. Marni? 
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Laura Champine with Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: Should we hold up and try to get Marni back or would you prefer I fire ahead? 
Michael Hartshorn: Fire ahead. We'll call Marni later. 
Barbara Rentler: Go ahead. We'll find Marni later. 
Laura Champine: Okay, here goes. I thought the SG&A expense level was really impressive, given that I think you're saying that COVID is still an incremental hit. Are we -- is this kind of a base level that we can look at as we start to model for next year? What are kind of some of the puts and takes that are keeping, despite really strong top line, that SG&A expense is staying fairly flat? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes -- go ahead. 
Adam Orvos: Yes. No, I was just going to jump in and say, COVID's been a pretty consistent impact throughout the year and will be in fourth quarter. We talked about the actions we've taken from a wage standpoint and from an incentive standpoint in our DCs and our stores. Those are clearly kind of the biggest movers within SG&A. 
Michael Hartshorn: And then obviously, I would say the 14% comp helps us leverage the SG&A significantly. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have our next question coming from the line of Bob Drbul with Guggenheim. 
Robert Drbul: Just wondering if you could maybe spend a little bit more time on the labor component and just sort of the wage pressures that you're seeing in labor availability. Maybe just give us some insights on that. That would be helpful. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Bob. It's a very competitive market for talent, and we've seen the most competition in our distribution centers. We made some permanent wage increases early this year. We also have some retention and incentives to get us through the peak. We're in really good shape. We've been able to staff up the peak. The distribution centers are where they need to be in the stores. Obviously, we have holiday selling ahead of us. We also have incentive -- hiring incentives there to make sure we can staff up for peak, and we're confident that we're in a good place there as well. Given the competition, we'll remain competitive to make sure that we can -- we'll remain competitive with our pay to make sure we can attract talent, and we feel really good about the workforce right now. 
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Congratulations on the progress on the top line in the quarter. Barbara, you made a comment during the prepared remarks. You said you should see improvement in kind of closeout buying. And I'm wondering, are you seeing any incrementality in that, in increased supply flow from either canceled orders or stranded inventory that could be used for short-stay buys and redeploy it earlier next year? And then just a clarification question on the, Adam, on the freight. The 160 basis points of freight pressure this quarter, fourth quarter is similar and then carrying that same level through the first half of '22? Is that the implication that you were intending? 
Adam Orvos: I'll start with the freight. I was making no commentary on what the freight cost level will be next year. I was really answering that in terms of what congestion could look like. Obviously, we'll have some other different options first quarter versus the fourth. 
Barbara Rentler: And then in terms of the content of the closeout buying, certainly, our expectation is that there will be full product as retailers have canceled goods because they're late and they can't get to the selling floor. So that would be real packaway for fall for Q3, Q4 of next year. But we do see opportunities on, I would guess what you're thinking of as kind of seasonless apparel that we could flow now through Q1. I believe it's a combination of both. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Okay, fantastic. Last question, if you would. Where is the average hourly rate? I seem to recall a few years ago, maybe 2018 or '19, you had sort of committed to this $12 number, and that was typically almost $1 higher than the average across the nation. I know you're at the better end of pay. I'm just wondering where that number sits today maybe relative to where Walmart, Target and some others are in that mid-teen range. 
Adam Orvos: Yes. We don't disclose the specific wage. We do have a base level at $11, but a significant portion of the chain is under minimum wage. California, for instance, is at $15, so the average wage is well above that baseline. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Fair enough. Thank you very much and best of luck for holiday. 
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Simeon Siegel with BMO Capital Markets. 
Simeon Siegel: Sorry if I missed it, did you say where you expect inventory to end 4Q and then over the next few quarters? And then to the earlier point about outperforming despite waning stimulus, have you guys quantified what you think the benefit was from stimulus? And just how you're thinking about the potential impacts as we cycle through that early next year. 
Michael Hartshorn: On next year, we wouldn't comment. We'll comment again at year-end. On inventory, we typically don't guide ahead on inventory levels. 
Simeon Siegel: So I guess for the stimulus, have you quantified what it was this year, how you think about the benefit this year? 
Michael Hartshorn: It's really hard because there's a lot of moving parts because it's not only stimulus, it's customer pent-up demand. We'll end up developing plans around it as we move into next year but we haven't quantified that. 
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Jesse Sobelson: Hi, everyone. This is Jesse Sobelson on for Ike. And I was just wondering, as we look forward and begin to model next year, would you guys be able to quantify timing of when COVID costs might be able to revert? Or are you expecting that to sustain and these costs to just kind of be a part of the business going forward? 
Michael Hartshorn: We wouldn't comment specifically on next year, but we would expect -- I would say generally, we would expect COVID costs to come down. They are not wholly permanently part of the cost. 
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of John Kernan with Cowen. 
John Kernan: Just curious on the margin picture. You obviously outperformed your comp guidance, and the EBIT margin was down roughly 100 basis points from the pre-COVID base in '19. You're guiding it much lower than that, albeit on lower comp guidance for the fourth quarter. Just curious, what do you think the biggest levers are to recapture that low teens operating margin that you generated in 2019? There's a lot of inflation across retail, the factories, your vendors, supply chain. Just curious how you think you're going to recapture that pre-COVID level of profitability? Is it really just through more comp store sales gains? How do we quantify that? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, John. As I said, obviously, we're in a very healthy sector of retail and are confident in our prospects for further market share gains. As we sit here today, it's difficult to predict how much of the inflationary cost headwinds we're experiencing from the burst of economic activity are transitory versus permanent. So margin recovery will be dependent on where and when those costs stabilize. 
 And of course, our sales volume, where we once again, we believe we have a long-range, large market share opportunity ahead of us. Over time, we would expect to return to double-digit EPS growth on the 3% to 4% comp. We do have initiatives in the company to try to increase efficiencies in our big areas of expense, including our stores and distribution centers, but it's going to be largely dependent on the transitory nature of the inflation that we're seeing today. 
Operator: We have our last question coming from the line of Tim Vierengel with Northcoast Research. 
Timothy Vierengel: Can you guys remind us of how you're thinking about store footprint and unit growth? And then maybe highlight for us if that environment or setup is getting easier or more difficult as you look forward? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On the real estate front, as we said in our comments, we ended up -- we wrapped up our program for this year. We opened 65 stores. We also said that we expect to return to historical annual program in 2022 of opening 100 stores annually. Overall, the real estate market is good. And we would expect there to be increased supply of available sites, given the level of store closures. 
Timothy Vierengel: Good. Sorry I missed that. 
Operator: There are no further questions on queue. I would now like to turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for any closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Happy holidays. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-18 23:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management, followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings, COVID-related costs and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2020 Form 10-K and fiscal 2021 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.  
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President, Chief Operating Officer; and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with a review of our second quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the third quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.  
 As noted in today's press release, we are pleased that both second quarter sales and earnings substantially exceeded our expectations. Sales benefited from customers' positive response to our broad assortment of great bargains. In addition, our results were bolstered by a number of external factors, including ongoing government stimulus, increasing vaccination rates and diminishing COVID restrictions.  
 Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended July 31, 2021, grew 22% and to $1.39 on net income of $494 million. This compares to $1.14 per share on net earnings of $413 million for the 13 weeks ended August 3, 2019. Total sales for the quarter rose 21% to $4.8 billion with comparable store sales up a robust 15%.  
 For the first 6 months, earnings per share were $2.73, on net earnings of $971 million, up from  $2.29 per share on net income of $834 million for the same period in 2019. Sales for the first half of 2021 rose 20% to $9.3 billion with comparable store sales up 14%. For the second quarter, Ross' sales trends across merchandise areas and regions were fairly broad-based with children's and the Midwest performing the best. Additionally, dd's DISCOUNTS trends remained robust during the period as both sales and operating profit gains significantly exceeded our expectations.  
 At quarter end, total consolidated inventories were down 5%, while average selling store inventories were up 3% versus 2019. Packaway levels ended at 30% of the total compared to 43% for the same period in 2019 as we use a substantial amount of packaway merchandise to support ahead-of-planned sales. In addition, there were receipt delays due to supply chain congestion.  
 Turning to store growth. We now expect to open approximately 65 total locations this year, comprised of about 45 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 stores. As mentioned in last quarter's call, in 2022, we expect to return to our normal annual opening program of approximately 100 new stores.  
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further details on our second quarter results, third quarter guidance and updated outlook for the year. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. As we previously stated, comparable store sales increased 15% in the quarter, mainly driven by a larger average basket with traffic up slightly versus 2019. Operating margin was well above plan and up versus 2019 at 14.1%. Cost of goods sold decreased by 45 basis points in the quarter. Merchandise margin and occupancy improved by 80 basis points each, while buying costs declined by 10 basis points. Partially offsetting these items were higher distribution expenses which grew 40 basis points, primarily from wage increases, while worsening industry-wide supply chain congestion drove higher freight costs of 85 basis points.  
 SG&A for the period rose 5 basis points as leverage from strong sales gains was offset by COVID expenses and higher incentives given our better-than-expected second quarter results. Total net COVID-related expenses for the period were approximately 45 basis points, the vast majority of which impacted SG&A.  
 During the quarter, we repurchased 1.4 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $176 million.  We remain on track to buy back a total of $650 million in stock for the year. Now let's discuss our third quarter guidance. As a reminder, our projections compare to the same period in 2019. 
 Looking ahead, there remains much uncertainty on the sustainability of the positive external factors that benefited our first half results as well as the potential risk we could face from the spread of COVID variants and worsening industry-wide supply chain congestion. As a result, we are forecasting comparable store sales to be up 5% to 7% for the third quarter, with earnings per share projected to be in the range of $0.61 to $0.69. 
 The operating statement assumptions that support our third quarter guidance include the following. Total sales are projected to grow 9% to 12%. We expect operating margins to be 7.3% to 7.9%. This forecast reflects significant escalation of freight costs as well as higher distribution expenses. In addition, ongoing COVID-related costs are projected to negatively impact EBIT margin by approximately 45 basis points in the period. 
 We plan to open 28 stores during the third quarter, consisting of 18 Ross and 10 dd's DISCOUNTS. Net interest expense is estimated to be about $19 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 24% to 25%, and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about 354 million. Based on our first half results and third quarter guidance, we now project full year comparable store sales gains of 10% to 11% and earnings per share to be in the range of $4.20 to $4.38 compared to $4.60 in 2019. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. While we're pleased by the better-than-expected results we reported today, as Michael noted, there's a high level of uncertainty on a number of external factors and how they may affect our business over the balance of the year. That said, we believe we are well positioned as a value retailer and remain confident in our ability to continue to deliver great branded bargains. 
 Moving forward, we remain optimistic about our prospects for continued growth in both sales and profitability over the longer term, especially given consumers' increasing focus on value and convenience. Moreover, the significant number of retail closures and bankruptcies in recent years further enhances our ability to gain additional market share in the future. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: It's quite a different tone with the 2Q beat versus the 3Q guidance. I was just curious, how much of these sales and margin pressures are you seeing today versus how much you're baking in just in case things get worse? 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly (sic) [ Lorraine ], it's Michael. On the sales front, the guidance is really based on the high level of uncertainty and risk that could happen in the third and fourth quarter, and it's really based on the risk that the external factors that benefited the first half, how sustainable those are. And then also with the Delta variant and supply chain congestion, what other risks exist. That said, we hope to do better than the guidance as we have year-to-date thus far. 
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Altschwager from Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: So a lot of focus out there on kind of the cost side of the current kind of supply chain backdrop. I was hoping you could speak to some of the opportunities this is creating or expected to create in the months and quarters ahead just with canceled orders, late deliveries, inventory trapped in nodes throughout the system. Just how do you see this really playing out from an inventory availability standpoint in the coming quarters? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, listen, obviously, the supply chain congestion is causing all kinds of receipt delays right now, and we expect those actually to worsen as the year goes on. So at some point in time, those goods will back up, and we will see those as potentially an opportunity, either for packaway or to flow, depending upon business or what the types of products are. So at this moment, you would think that, that would happen probably either late in the year or the beginning of next year, if I had to pick a time frame. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Lejuez from Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: Can you maybe talk about performance by state? Curious, your 3 big states, how different the performance was in the second quarter? And also curious if there are any states in particular where you might be seeing some sort of change in trend in the third quarter to date that's kind of guiding how you are thinking about comps in 3Q. And I was also curious if you could just talk about home versus apparel performance in the quarter. 
Michael Hartshorn: On the regional performance, so Texas, Florida, California, they make up about 50% of our sales, what we saw during the quarter. Texas and California were relatively in line with the chain. Florida, which trailed in the first quarter, saw a significant improvement as tourism increased, though still a bit below the chain in the second quarter. And we wouldn't comment on current quarter trends at this point. 
Barbara Rentler: And home versus apparel, home continues to be one of our top-performing merchandise areas similar to trends that we've seen throughout the entire pandemic. Apparel, however, continue to accelerate from Q1 to Q2. So I think what we're seeing in apparel is pre-COVID, there was already a shift towards casual wear and then active wear. And what's happening now is that more traditional sportswear classifications have also improved. So that's starting to make -- to build the sales from one quarter to the other. 
Paul Lejuez: Barbara, are you seeing the supply chain disruption impact certain categories more than others? Anything you can share there? 
Barbara Rentler: Look, overall, there's plenty of supply. It's not consistent, to your point, across merchandise departments. But in reality, what's happening is that merchandise deliveries are sliding. So it could slide 2 weeks, 30 days, they're sliding. And so what the merchants are really doing is they are constantly flexing based off of what they're seeing in the market, the availability. And they're chasing into classifications that they need. So it's a little bit of a moving target. But overall, there's plenty of supply. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from the line of Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay, great. I wanted to hear if you've given any further thought to potentially some price actions just to help absorb some of the higher costs, even if it's just a little bit here or there or sort of surgically done based on what comparison prices you're seeing in the marketplace? I just wanted to see if you had thought about that any differently as compared to your comments back in May. And then could I just get a clarification on the full year 10% to 11% comp guidance and what does that embed for the fourth quarter? 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. In terms of pricing, Kimberly, we still strongly believe that price value is critical to our customers. So as you know, we, over the years, talked about how the merchants comp shop regularly. And really, they really understand that our target shopper is really price-savvy. So she's not getting the best deal out there, she knows it. The higher prices at traditional retailers could increase the pricing gap that we offer and strengthen the values that we provide to our shoppers. And quite frankly, the merchants are constantly making those price value assessments of their assortments all the time. They're prioritizing, as we'll always prioritize, really having sharply priced assortments for our entire store. So at this point, I wouldn't talk anything more about it for competitive reasons. But the one comment that I would say is we won't be the leader in terms of raising prices. The merchants will do their job and they'll assess it and they'll price it the way they see it. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, on comp guidance. The fourth quarter looks very similar to the Q3 at the 5% to 7%. 
Operator: Your next question is from Chuck Grom from Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Just wondering if you guys could speak to the magnitude of the DC and freight costs that you're anticipating in the third quarter. It looks like over the past couple of quarters, it's been about a 100 to 125 basis point drag. Just wondering if you could speak to how big of a drag you're expecting here in this quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: We didn't give specific guidance. In the second quarter, obviously, DCs were 40 basis points of drag and freight was 85 basis points. So we would expect both the DCs and the freight costs to worsen in the back half. Some of that is driven by the leverage on comp. But we would expect -- we've raised wages further in the DCs, and we're seeing specifically ocean freight costs significantly escalate in the back half. So those expectations for worsening are built into the guidance that we gave. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on the nice quarter. So Barbara, any early thoughts on overall back-to-school trends, maybe what you've seen so far in August in some of the states that have gone back earlier? And then, Michael, on gross margin, have you embedded any change in the external promotional or pricing backdrop for the third quarter relative to what we saw in the front half of the year just in your merchandise margin outlook? 
Barbara Rentler: So Matt, the back-to-school trends. Look, we're -- we've been pleased with our younger businesses' performances for a while. And so that obviously bodes well for back to school. In terms of classifications, I would say the customer is still buying wear now but has started to make that conversion to go forward in a more traditional back-to-school fashion that we might have seen from a product perspective in, let's say, 2019. But we feel good about those businesses because, obviously, our younger businesses are doing well. Therefore, back-to-school, we feel pretty good about. 
Michael Hartshorn: And Matt, on margin, obviously, we have built in what we can see today with our current on order. I think our big opportunity as it was in the second quarter is if we can exceed the sales plans there, there should be a benefit as we turn faster and take lower margins. 
Operator: Your next question is from Janine Stichter from Jefferies. 
Janine Stichter: I wanted to ask about the COVID costs, if you had any thoughts about the time line for potentially starting to moderate the expense you're putting into the cleaning and sanitation aspect in the stores? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. I think that's changed over time. Obviously, if you would have asked me that 2 months ago, it would have been sooner than later. But right now, we have the cleaning aspects built in throughout the rest of the year, which we think is appropriate given the variant spread. 
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Binetti from Credit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Michael, I'm curious, what you think are the biggest opportunities to get the business -- if we try to look beyond a lot of the noise in the margin right now, to get the business back to that kind of 14% plus operating margin that you guys saw a few years back? It sounds like you -- I guess when you look at the pricing commentary in the soft lines group, you seem to think that there's no real urgency here to move towards it. So maybe that implies your thinking that some of these costs we're seeing are quite transitory. Do you -- within that -- if that's right, what do you think are the best ways for this business to get back to that 14-plus operating margin in the past from here? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Michael. As you mentioned, obviously, we have transitory costs in the business right now, whether it's COVID. At some point, there will be some equilibrium in the freight world, especially with ocean freight that we expect to be an opportunity going forward. And then I would say the return to 2019 margin levels will be highly dependent on strong sales performance over time. And given we're in a very vibrant sector of retail, there's market share up for grabs with store closures and bankruptcies and the customer who's focused on value and convenience, we feel good about our opportunities. Now that is not to say that we don't have a lot of work going on in the business to find places to be more efficient to offset some of these costs. But I think it's dependent on how long some of this inflation lasts and then certainly on top line growth. 
Operator: Your next question is from John Kernan from Cowen. 
John Kernan: Just curious on the quantification of freight and distribution headwinds into next year. Is this -- the impact that you're guiding to in the back half of the year, is that -- ballpark just how we should think about it for the first half of next year? 
Michael Hartshorn: I wouldn't comment on next year at this point. In the DCs, the wages that we've made are permanent. And that said, we do have productivity initiatives that we'll build into our budgets and plans for next year. On the freight cost, I'd say, it's hard to say at this point. If I gave you my view at this point, I think some of the ocean and congestion will bleed into the first part of next year. 
John Kernan: Got it. One quick follow-up. Just as we stay on the theme of supply chain here, are you concerned at all about deliveries into holiday in the early part of next year, given some of the things we're seeing at ports, et cetera? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, I think we all know the supply chain problems and it's backed up and all the issues with COVID overseas, which kind of made all of the -- not all, but a large majority of goods coming out of China slide. I think the issues are real, and I think they'll continue for a while. And so what we have to do is really make sure that we're paying attention to what it is and that the merchants are adjusting and flexing based off of what they're seeing and what's happening around them. I mean, the majority of our business is closeout. 
 So a lot of these things are a timing issue of how goods will slide, what goods might be late that might be available for us to buy in season. It's kind of like a moving target. I think the challenge as you go into Q1 is that Chinese New Year is a couple of weeks earlier. So those 2 things are going to slide, I think, a little bit in terms of deliveries and the kind of goods that have to get out of China in particular. So I think the answer is we're going to watch it. We're going to adjust as we go. And we're in a flexible business model. So as long as we can offer a treasure hunt and a broad assortment, that's what we're going to do. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Adrienne Yih from Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Barbara, I was wondering if you had seen any changes in basket or ATV this quarter versus first quarter. And then toward the end of the quarter, were you seeing any impact in particularly Texas and Florida of maybe the Delta variant on late July trends? I know that for a quarter, they seemed to be fine, but any trailing off at the end of the quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: Adrienne, on the components of comp, it was mainly driven by the size of the basket. Traffic was up slightly. And the basket was driven -- AUR was up slightly, but it was basically driven by units per transaction. And that was a consistent trend with comps throughout the quarter. We wouldn't say specifically the sequential trend other than to say it was fairly robust throughout the quarter. May was slightly higher than the other months in terms of absolute comp. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Marni Shapiro from Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Congrats on a great quarter. Could you -- I just want to clarify one thing, Michael, that you said. You said Texas, California and Florida made up what percent of your sales? You guys used to talk about this in the past. I just want to clarify the number that I heard. 
Michael Hartshorn: It's about 50% of it. 
Marni Shapiro: That's what I thought. Can we talk just a little bit about marketing? I know it's not a big ambitious push for you guys like it is for other retailers. So I'm curious just through COVID coming into this year, where was your marketing spend? Has it ticked up through this year as the stores have all now, for the most part, been open? And have you been spending against that? Or has demand been so strong that you haven't ticked up the marketing? And how should we think about it in the back half of the year? If you could just talk a little bit about that. 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of marketing for competitive reasons, we wouldn't provide the details there, Marni. But we have made strategic investments. We made channel shifts, and we have used -- put more money into places like digital versus broadcast. So we have made some shifts during COVID, and we'll continue to find what works best for us going forward. 
Marni Shapiro: Has it picked up now that the stores are open compared to a year ago when, say, the first half of the year for sure, stores were... 
Michael Hartshorn: No doubt -- yes, Marni, no doubt about it. We -- when the stores were closed, we obviously took that as an opportunity to not spend when the stores were closed. So it certainly has picked up versus last year. 
Marni Shapiro: So that's all rolled back in here. Okay. And it should be about your usual levels then from hereon out with all the stores opened? 
Michael Hartshorn: That's correct. 
Operator: Your next question is from Laura Champine from Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: Still trying to get my head around the significant decline, almost 50% sequentially in EBIT margins that you're sort of looking to in Q3. I certainly heard the 45 basis point of COVID costs. But are you expecting a big reversal in merchandise margin? Or what are some of the assumptions embedded within that EBIT margin assumption? 
Michael Hartshorn: On the EBIT margin in -- between Q2 and Q3, for instance, obviously, the 5% to 7% comp is lower than our year-to-date performance at 15% in the second quarter. So that drives a significant portion of it. And then as I mentioned, ocean freight costs, where we've embedded the assumption that, that will significantly escalate over Q2, and then we expect the higher wages in the DC to drive a bit more deleverage than we had year-to-date. 
Laura Champine: Got it. Do you have -- can you give me total logistics costs as a percentage of sales sort of normally and where it's tracking now? 
Michael Hartshorn: That's not something we provide. The best guidance I can give you at this point is, again, freight was 85 basis points worse in the second quarter, and we've embedded significantly a escalation from that. And then on the DCs, as I mentioned, it was 40 basis points, and we expect additional deleverage because of higher wages. 
Operator: Your next question is from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory. 
Dana Telsey: It seems like for a couple of quarters in a row now, dd's has had terrific performance. Anything to note there? And any changes to their plans in terms of what's driving that? Or is it the child tax credits and stimulus? And then secondly, just on packaway. I think it's 30% this quarter. I think it was 34% in the first quarter. How do you -- how are you thinking about packaway for the balance of the year and the rate it would be at? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Dana. On dd's, as we mentioned, dd's continue to have a robust sales trend and like Ross EBIT margin improvement. I'd say relative to Ross, it's been fairly consistent throughout the pandemic. Obviously, the external stimulus has impacted the dd's customer but also helped the Ross customer as well. The one thing they have in common, though, is that, that customer is very focused on value. And they've been attracted to what we've had in the stores. So no changes that I would note in the second quarter. 
 On inventory levels, as you mentioned, packaway was at 30% of our total inventory. With ahead-of-planned sales, we obviously use some of that inventory to fuel some of the sales growth. It was also impacted by receipts, delayed receipts. So within the inventory number, we have a higher level of in transit than we have had historically. And then the return, we would expect to return to historical levels over time, but that's going to be somewhat dependent on how we perform on the top line and whether we beat the plan and then also what supply chain congestion looks like at the end of the year. 
Operator: Your next question is from Simeon Siegel from BMO Capital Markets. 
Unknown Analyst: This is [ Dick Patient ] on for Simeon. I'm just wondering if you could give some color potentially on where you're seeing the most opportunity to kind of capture that share. If that's with new customers or with expanding the current customer wallet within the current dd's and Ross customers and kind of what you're thinking about that going forward. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I would say what we've seen during the pandemic is we've seen a younger customer. Part of that early on in the pandemic was driven by the older customer with restrictions and hesitancy to shop. As we moved along, we've seen in the customers that, that older shopper is actually returning back to the store. So I think we have an opportunity across our customer base to the extent that we can provide them the bargains that they've come to expect. 
Operator: Your next question is from Jay Sole from UBS. 
Jay Sole: Michael, is it possible to quantify for us the magnitude of the worsening of the inflationary pressures that you called out between Q2 and Q3? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, I would only point to the overall EBIT margin. It's a significant deescalation right now, the 7.3% to 7.9% is [ 450 ] to [ 510 ] versus 2019 of deleverage. So the main drivers out of that are obviously the comp difference between Q2 and Q3. The higher ocean freight is a significant portion of that. And then as I mentioned, the higher distribution expense. I'd say the highest -- the largest single deleverage is coming from ocean freight. 
Operator: Our last question is from Roxanne Meyer from MKM Partners. 
Roxanne Meyer: Congratulations on a solid 2Q. My question is on the merchandise margin. You delivered a very robust game there on top of a sizable gain in the first quarter, and really, on top of a significant increase in merch margin last year. Where is that coming from? Is that being helped by just utilizing packaway? And how should we think about merchandise margin going forward? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. In the quarter, the really -- the upside versus our original expectations and again versus last year is that we've been able to operate in a -- with inventory very close to need. We've operated with lower inventories in stores. We've been able to chase the business. And that has driven faster turns and lower markdowns. What we've done throughout the pandemic is tried to operate very close to need. And we think that we can do that not only during the pandemic, but post-pandemic which will benefit margins in the future. But that -- the lower markdowns and faster turns was the main driver of the margin improvement in the second quarter. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler for her closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-19 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores' First Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings, COVID-related costs and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business.
 These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2020 Form 10-K and fiscal 2021 Form 8-Ks on file with the SEC.  
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President and Chief Operating Officer; Travis Marquette, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations.  
 We'll begin our call today with a review of our first quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. As noted in today's press release, first quarter sales significantly exceeded our expectations as we benefited considerably from a combination of government stimulus payments, ongoing vaccine rollout, easing of COVID restrictions and pent-up consumer demand. In addition, customers responded enthusiastically to the broad assortment of great bargains we offered throughout our stores.
 Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended May 1, 2021, grew 17% to $1.34 on net income of $476 million. This compares to $1.15 per share or net earnings of $421 million for the 13 weeks ended May 4, 2019. Total sales for the quarter were $4.5 billion with comparable store sales up a robust 13% versus 2019. As previously announced, financial results and guidance throughout fiscal '21 will be compared against fiscal 2019. We believe the significant impact from the extended closure of our operations in the spring of 2020 and the disruptions caused by COVID-19 throughout last year make this a more relevant basis for comparison.
 For the first quarter, Home was the best-performing major merchandise area, while the Midwest was the strongest region. Similar to Ross, dd's DISCOUNTS business trends significantly improved during the quarter. Results were far above our expectations with outstanding sales gains and a rebound in operating profits for the period. 
 At quarter end, consolidated inventories were down 6% versus 2019. Packaway levels ended at 34% of the total compared to 44% for the same period in 2019 as we use a substantial amount of packaway merchandise to support ahead of planned sales. Average selling store inventories were down 1% relative to 2019. 
 As noted in today's release, our Board authorized a new program to repurchase $1.5 billion of our common stock through fiscal 2022, with plans to buy back $650 million this year and $850 million in 2022. The reinstatement of our share repurchase program reflects the current strength of our balance sheet, confidence in the company's ability to generate excess cash after funding growth and other capital needs of the business and our long-standing commitment to enhancing stockholder value and return.
 Turning to store growth. Our 2021 expansion program is unchanged with plans to open approximately 20 total locations comprised of 40 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 stores. As a reminder, our conservative opening plans this year, especially for the spring season, were set in 2020 during the onset of the pandemic when it was impossible to predict when the health crisis would subside.  
 Looking forward to 2022, we expect to return to our normal annual opening program of approximately 100 new stores. Now Travis Marquette will provide further details on our first quarter results, second quarter guidance and outlook for the year. 
Travis Marquette: Thank you, Barbara. As previously mentioned, comparable store sales increased 13% in the quarter, driven by a larger average basket. While traffic was down slightly compared to 2019, it accelerated significantly relative to the fourth quarter. Operating margin was well above plan at 14.2% compared to 14.1% for the same period in 2019. Cost of goods sold levered 35 basis points in the quarter. Merchandise margin was up 85 basis points and occupancy levered by 60. These improvements were partially offset by higher freight costs of 75 basis points, mainly driven by the ongoing industry-wide supply chain congestion.  
 In addition, distribution expenses grew 25 basis points primarily due to higher wages, while buying costs increased by 10. SG&A for the quarter delevered by 25 basis points, mainly due to the operating expenses associated with the pandemic and higher incentive costs given our better-than-expected first quarter results. Total net COVID-related expenses for the period were approximately 35 basis points, the vast majority of which impacted SG&A.
 Now let's discuss our guidance. As Barbara just mentioned, our projections compared to the same period in 2019. For the 13 weeks ended July 31, 2021, we are forecasting comparable store sales to be up 5% to 7%. Earnings per share for the second quarter are projected to be in the range of $0.80 to $0.89. The operating statement assumptions that support our second quarter guidance include the following: total sales are projected to grow 9% to 12%. 
 We are projecting operating margin to be 9.2% to 9.9% compared to 13.7% in 2019. This forecast reflects ongoing expense headwinds from increased freight costs and higher wages. In addition, COVID-related expenses are projected to negatively impact EBIT margins by approximately 100 basis points in the period as we return to pre-pandemic store operating standards, while still maintaining many of the extra cleaning routines.  
 We expect to open 30 stores during the second quarter, consisting of 22 Ross and 8 dd's DISCOUNTS. Net interest expense is estimated to be about $19 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 25% and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about 355 million. For the full year, we are projecting annual comparable store sales gains of 7% to 9% versus 2019 and earnings per share of $3.93 to $4.20.
 Operating statement assumptions that support our fiscal 2021 guidance include the following: total sales are projected to grow 11% to 13%. We project that operating margin for 2021 will be in the range of 10.7% to 11.2% compared to 13.4% in 2019. The forecasted decline, again, reflects our expectations for continued freight, wage and COVID cost headwinds through the balance of the year. Net interest expense is estimated to be about $75 million. 
 Our tax rate is projected to be approximately 24% to 25%, and we expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 354 million. Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Travis. To sum up, we're optimistic about our prospects for the balance of the year and hope to do better than our forecast. This confidence is based on our recent results and ongoing improvement in the macroeconomic environment bolstered by vaccine rollouts and the easing of pandemic-related restrictions. That said, it's difficult to predict the lasting impact from the factors that benefited our first quarter sales results, especially the recent government stimulus payments. 
 As always, we'll remain nimble to address the dynamic consumer and retail landscape, while staying focused on delivering the great bargains our customer has come to expect from us. Longer term, we remain confident about our opportunity to gain market share as we expect to benefit significantly from a favorable competitive climate given the large number of retail store closures and bankruptcies in recent years. 
 This, along with the consumers' heightened focus on value and convenience bodes well for our ability to achieve solid results into the future. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And congrats on the really strong improvement. So Barbara, maybe could you speak to the cadence of business and any notable changes in traffic or category demand as the quarter progressed? And then Travis, on gross margin. I guess maybe just how best to think about the puts and takes in the second quarter that you're embedding relative to 2019? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure, Matthew. So let's start with category demand. There was really broad-based acceleration across all merchandise areas, with obviously Home having very strong performance for Ross and for other people across the country. But what we did see is a major improvement in apparel. And as we feel as the economy starts to open up, that apparel will continue to strengthen as time goes on. With a lot of change in trends, we're monitoring that. We're flexing and moving the business around based off of what the customer is telling us. So we feel -- in totality, we feel overall pretty good about the business going forward. 
 In terms of traffic, Travis, do you want to take the traffic piece? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. Yes, just let me break down comp a little bit. I mentioned comp was 13%. It was driven by larger average basket size. That was partially offset by lower number of transactions. Traffic was down slightly compared to 2019, but it accelerated significantly compared to the fourth quarter. The increase in the average basket was driven by items per transaction as average unit retail was up slightly. And then I think your next question was around just the guidance, the operating margin guidance for Q2? 
Matthew Boss: Yes. Just any puts and takes on the second quarter. 
Travis Marquette: Yes. I mean second quarter, again, we -- the overall guidance reflects a couple of things. One, obviously, the comp store gain is expected to be lower than what we saw in the first quarter, and therefore, we'll get a little bit less leverage on the business. 
 In addition, on COVID costs, we expect to also be higher, although that will primarily impact SG&A. We also expect to see continued significant pressure on freight. We saw that in the first quarter, both in ocean freight as well as overall freight, and we think that will -- those pressures will continue. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Altschwager from Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: I appreciate all the detailed guidance. I guess, overall, if I have all the numbers down correctly, I think the guide implies EBIT margins down about 250 basis points this year versus 2019. Could you characterize that? I mean how much of the step down is related to the COVID cost, which are hopefully temporary versus some of the more kind of pressures on freight and wages that could persist moving forward? Just trying to think about how that EBIT margin might progress as we move beyond this year. 
Michael Hartshorn: Mark, it's Michael Hartshorn. We're obviously optimistic about our prospects for the balance of the year, and we hope to do better than our sales and margin forecast. We do expect expense headwinds through the balance of the year. And if you break down the COVID cost at some point, those will not continue, but we expect them to be in place. Our guidance assumes that they're in place throughout the year. 
 Wage cost, we would expect, to persist. And at some point, freight, we would expect to persist throughout the year, and we'll see how that balances out over the coming years. But overall, the recovery to 2019 margin levels, it's highly dependent on strong sales performance. And over time, and again, the persistence of the cost inflation we're seeing today, especially in things like freight. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Adrienne Yih from Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Let me add my congratulations on the top line improvement. Barbara, my first question is for you on the merchandise margin of up 85 basis points. I just want to make sure that, that is separate and aside. So you don't have inbound freight in that number because obviously, we got a separate number for total freight. So that's number one. 
 And then can you give us the components of AUR versus AUC on that? I'm imagining your AUR is up meaningfully. Are you getting a relative pricing umbrella from frontline, meaning that if you're 20% to 60% off frontline and frontline's clean, that you're able to maybe clear at a higher price? 
 And lastly, was mix from Home versus apparel, did Home grow faster? And was that an impact on the merchandise margin? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. This is Travis. Let me just take a couple of those that you mentioned. One, just in terms of what's included in merchandise margin, when we say inbound freight, ocean freight is included in that number. And so that's embedded. And we had mentioned previously that we expected meaningful headwinds from ocean freight, and we saw those and expect those to continue as we move through the year. 
 And then I think you also had a question about apparel versus non-apparel and sort of the mix. We saw broad-based improvements across the store. But non-apparel Home continued to be the strongest category, but we definitely saw an improvement in apparel as well as we move through the quarter. 
Michael Hartshorn: And then, Adrienne, on AUR. AUR was up slightly during the quarter. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Okay. All right. Great. And this is -- go ahead. 
Barbara Rentler: Just relative -- the other part that you're asking about is relative to department stores. because they promoted less than AURs up, the pricing umbrella. Yes. So our AUR is up slightly. But compared -- so that is just -- we just offered a greater value to department store pricing at this point in time. The price value equation is the business that we're in, the relativity to it. But at this moment, our price values are actually stronger than they normally would be to department stores. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Okay. Great. And if I may, just on hourly payroll. I don't really know how to answer it because I know these are sensitive numbers. But if we were to look at freight as a percent of sales, and now I'm talking about the outbound freight because now I know that the inbound freight's inside the merch margin, that line, that deleveraged 75 basis points versus the line item that is wage or hourly payroll, what would be the sort of order of magnitude? Like is the payroll line 3x as much as the freight line or something like that? 
 Just so mentally, I can understand like if one of them is moving materially higher than the other, which has the bigger impact on the P&L? 
Michael Hartshorn: Adrienne, Michael Hartshorn again. We wouldn't give you specifics other than what we provided in the guidance other than to say both freight and wages, first on freight, given the robust overall economic rebound, there continues to be significant supply chain congestion and costs have increased versus our original expectations. And so our current guidance assumes additional escalation as we move through the year. 
 On wages, that also remains very dynamic. We've made market-by-market adjustments in our stores as we always have to attract talent. Warehousing labor is very competitive, and we've made additional adjustments in all of our distribution centers, and that's also reflected in our guidance. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. Great. Barbara, obviously, the prudent planning for sales going forward, a very conservative plan compared to the very robust first quarter, that seems very, very prudent to us. 
 I'm wondering, are you seeing any slowdown so far here in the second quarter that's sort of underscoring your desire to plan more conservatively? Or are you just looking forward and say, okay, there were some really sort of onetime benefit as it were that happened here in the first quarter. So it's just naturally prudent for us to plan more conservatively? 
Barbara Rentler: Kimberly, I think we're thinking more about the first quarter and the lasting impact from some of those factors, the stimulus payments that were out there and what does that really mean as we go forward. So we're comfortable with the number of where we sit today. But that's really some of those pent-up demand, some of those things that we're not sure how that goes forward with completely at this point. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Yes. I know it's a very uncertain path forward. Michael, you talked about -- you've got a plan this year for COVID cost to basically continue through the year. So I'm wondering if you can just sort of isolate the COVID costs and based on what you experienced here in the first quarter and then whatever you've got in your forecast for the second, third and fourth quarter, could you just give us a rough dollar amount of what you're budgeting this year for COVID cost? And would it be fair to assume that those costs would roll off in future years? 
Travis Marquette: Kimberly, this is Travis. Let me just kind of do a little bit of a reset remind folks kind of how we talk about COVID costs. We report COVID costs as net, which is to say that they include pandemic-related increases in cost for things like personal protective equipment, extra cleaning, but there are offsets within that number as well for cost savings that we took for things like travel and when we closed our fitting rooms. 
 As the pandemic subsides, apparel is becoming more important, we think it's important to take some actions, including reopening our fitting rooms, which is going to eliminate some of the cost savings that we had before, and it drives up the overall COVID cost number. 
 For Q1, as we reported, the COVID costs were about 35 basis points on the quarter. For Q2 and going forward, we're estimating those that they will be around 100 basis points for the balance of the year. Again, that assumes where we are today that we have not removed and we -- not built in to the plan to remove any of the additional cleaning activities and protocols that we put into place. 
 Having said that, we will continue to monitor guidance from the CDC and other health experts. We'll continue to prioritize the health and safety of our associates and our customers. But to the extent that, that guidance changes, then we'll -- we could reevaluate some of those protocols and adjust those plans. 
Michael Hartshorn: And Kimberly, to answer your question on how long they last, those costs are not permanent. So as the pandemic resides, those costs would come back out of the business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chuck Grom from Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Great quarter. My question is just on the first quarter. You originally guided to comps down 1% to 5% and you far exceeded that up 13. Just curious if you guys could just unpack the outperformance, either by category, how much you think was stimulus? I just wanted to ask that question. 
Barbara Rentler: Yes. Probably... 
Travis Marquette: Yes. There's -- no go ahead, Barbara. 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. So if you're talking about by merchandise category? Is that what... 
Charles Grom: Oh, yes. If we could just -- yes. 
Barbara Rentler: So we'll start there. So it was very broad-based. Obviously, Home is accelerated for everyone, and we still feel very good about Home as we go forward. But the additional acceleration really came out of -- really came out of apparel, and that was also very broad-based as the customer kind of came from just wearing activewear, moving into more real, what I would call, real apparel or even those casual, but still broader classifications of products. So -- and that was broad-based. And so that's why we feel good about apparel as we go forward. 
Michael Hartshorn: And then just overall in the quarter, there's -- as Barbara mentioned in her opening comments, there are a number of factors that led to the increase. Obviously, the stimulus, very difficult to put a number on $400 billion of stimulus to the consumer that continues. We'll continue federal stimulus. There's also states that have stimulus, so that will continue through the second quarter, if not throughout the year with some of the child credits. 
 There is the vaccine ramping up. And so customers are becoming more and more confident returning to brick-and-mortar stores. We expect that to continue as the vaccination rates increase. If you look at our regional performance, as we said in the commentary, Midwest was the top-performing region. Of our biggest states, California performance improved significantly versus the prior quarter as government restrictions eased and its comp was relatively similar to the chain -- same average. So there's a lot of different factors driving the comp in the first quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Barbara, could you discuss the availability of product in the better trending categories? And then do you think there's sufficient availability for you to start rebuilding your packaway balances into the back half? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Availability in the better trending businesses, I would say, overall, the availability is there to chase. We have a large merchant team, and so they're out there looking for the goods constantly. I think there's 2 things about it. One is the trends are shifting. in front of us. So things are moving very, very quickly. So I should start with that. And the trends towards just say, like active apparel to other parts of sportswear are shifting quickly. And so far, I would say, yes, we have been able to chase the business, get what we need, get the availability if that's out there. It's more getting the combination of kind of getting ahead of the trend that as it's shifting in the outside world that we're shifting with it and that we get ahead of it. 
 But yes, I feel comfortable that the availability is there in the businesses that the customer wants at this moment in time. And then say it again, Lorraine, what was the second question? 
Lorraine Maikis: I just wondering how you expected packaway to evolve over the coming quarters if there's sufficient availability for you to be able to rebuild that? 
Barbara Rentler: We think we'll build packaway over time, closer to historical levels. But I do think it will take time as we are very much chasing the business. And if that chase were to continue, I think it would take us a little bit of time because packaway fluctuates also, it's not only that the availability is there. It's that it's the right product, the right value, the right -- it has to have all the right metrics to be going into packaway at the same time. 
 So I do think it will take a little bit of time, but there is sufficient availability to be driving our business and to buy packaway and the total picture. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Just a quick one for Travis. Just on the freight headwind you gave us for Q1. Just curious, should we assume that, that should be run rated through the rest of the year? Or should that cost headwind that you have potentially moderate based on the contracts you guys have? 
Michael Hartshorn: Ike, it's Michael. I'll take that. First, the -- even the contracted rates were significantly higher than 2019 levels. In addition, like other retailers, we're incurring higher cost to move freight really both internationally and domestically, we're spending -- we have higher cost to land freight when expected. 
 So given the robust overall economic rebound, As I said earlier in the call, we expect freight to -- cost to escalate for the remainder of the year, and that's included in our guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Binetti from Credit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: I guess 2 quick ones. We see the sales guidance. I appreciate the conservatism. I think it's been the right move through the year here and with the visibility where it is. But if sales trends do remain strong, as strong as they were in 1Q relative to what you thought, a pretty significant upside sales scenario. Can you tell us how to think about sales flow through in the model relative to the framework you've told us about in the past?
 And then, Barb, just a comment you made earlier, why not extend the relative value back up to the normal rate relative to the department stores. Why hold it lower if they're moving higher just so we can think alongside you on that? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Listen, department stores didn't promote as much for the first time in a very long time. And so I think we'd have to see what that looks like because they're promotional cadence. They've promoted for years and years, and years. So we've had one quarter under their belt where the AUR is probably higher and they haven't promoted. I think we have to see what happens in the future. 
 And also, I think it's important while we can get great value to the customer, price value is absolutely critical to our customer. And so we're going to value the goods the way we think the customer expects them -- where the customer expects them to be. 
 And so raising the AUR and changing your value equation is a very delicate thing. And so I think having one quarter underneath our belt with lots of money stimulus and lots of things going on in there, driving sales. I think it's a very, very much, remains to be seen, and it is very important in off-price and critical in our business model to offer that price value. The customer is very savvy and shopping all the time. 
 So again, not sustained yet and department stores don't know how that's really going to land. And then with all the money in the stimulus out there, I don't know how to take that as a go-forward strategy to read at this moment in time. 
Travis Marquette: And this is Travis. In terms of the operating margin flow-through on above sales above plan, we continue to expect comp outperformance to drive increased operating margin flow-through compared to the guidance that we've provided. But I don't think we would necessarily expect it to be quite as strong as we saw in Q1, but we do expect operating margin improvements as comp exceeds our plans. 
Michael Hartshorn: And then the flow-through on this guidance would look like it has historically. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Marni Shapiro from Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Congrats. And Barbara, the department stores. We all know where they're going. They're going right back to promotions. If you could give me a little bit of guidance around your traffic during the quarter and what you're seeing around things like schools reopened, the Easter holiday. Did you see a pop around when the stimulus checks pop -- came into hand or around Mother's Day? Just trying to get a feeling about the cadence of the traffic, if it's in every day? Or is she also being sparked to come into store by events? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. This is Travis. I can talk a bit about just trends. Again, generally, we don't provide sort of detailed traffic trends by month. But given the timing of tax refunds and stimulus payments, you can imagine that sales were stronger later in the quarter than at the beginning. In terms of traffic trends, again, traffic for us is transactions, it mirrors pretty close to our sales trends. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: To the previous point, Travis, when you guys set the guidance for Q2 sales, did you just take the trend before the stimulus and extrapolate that there? Or how did you -- what was the basis of that Q2 sales guide? 
Travis Marquette: The comp sales guide? No, again, I think Michael, we've talked about it, there are a number of factors that drove the Q1 performance, be it stimulus, pent-up demand, vaccine rollouts, et cetera. And it's difficult to precisely predict how long some of those will last. And so we took that into account and projected forward what we think is our current plan and best guess for Q2, and we certainly hope to do better. 
Laura Champine: Got it. In the back half related to that, is there anything in your expectations for the benefit from the enhanced child tax credit? And historically, when this sort of stimulus has come through, do you see it in your numbers? 
Michael Hartshorn: Well, I would say it's hard to say at this point. We've not seen this type of stimulus even in the first quarter in a very long time. As Travis said, we set a baseline, and we clearly hope we can do better than these -- the guidance that we put out. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Sole from UBS. 
Jay Sole: Great. My question is about the full year guidance, specifically about the fourth quarter. When we get to the fourth quarter and get to January, we'll be lapping the stimulus that happened in January. How are you thinking about what impact that might have on the business in the fourth quarter? And how might fourth quarter sales and gross margin compared to what we saw this past year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I think we'll provide guidance as we move through the year. Right now, we typically provide guidance quarter-by-quarter. So we'll have more to say as we move through the year on the fourth quarter. 
Jay Sole: Would you think that January sales will be down year-over-year? 
Michael Hartshorn: We wouldn't comment at this point. 
Jay Sole: Got it. Okay. Well, then maybe if I can ask one more. Are you still seeing right now the impacts of stimulus? Is there any way to measure whether whatever you're seeing in May is sort of still a tailwind from the stimulus that was distributed in March and April? Or is now some other factor become a bigger driver here in May? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. We wouldn't -- as Barbara said at the beginning, we don't comment on -- it's our practice not to comment on intra-quarter trends. I can tell you, certainly in the first quarter, we think stimulus had a significant impact among other factors that we called out earlier. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Trussell from Deutsche Bank. 
Krisztina Katai: This is Krisztina Katai on for Paul. I just wanted to add my congrats on a great quarter. I wanted to circle back to merchandise margin and the strength that has been there for the last 3 quarters. How do you see the current environment evolving from just a buying perspective? And can you just speak to the sustainability of these trends to potentially drive pre-COVID gross profit margins if you essentially maintain these strong sales trends? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. In terms of the merchandise margin, again, the buying environment remains very dynamic. Margins will vary significantly based on our overall sales performance. We've talked, over the last several quarters, that the buying environment has been quite strong, and we benefited from that. Obviously, in the first quarter, we also benefited from significant above plan sales, which drove faster turns and fewer markdowns. So those were all positive. 
 In terms of how long that sustains, we'll see. I mean we have our best guess built into the guidance, and we obviously hope to do better. And the extent we do, we'd expect to see some further benefit. 
Krisztina Katai: Got it. That's helpful. And I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about more what you're seeing as it relates to just general consumer willingness to return to your stores. Do you have any data on this? What portion of your pre-pandemic shoppers have returned to shop with you regularly? And are you seeing any demographic changes, perhaps older consumers are returning to your stores as vaccines are being rolled out here relatively quickly? 
Michael Hartshorn: On the consumer, what we are seeing is the consumer -- we've seen our consumer shop less, but they are buying more during their shopping trips the demographics of our customer base did skew younger during the peak of the pandemic given older customers hesitancy to shop in brick-and-mortar stores. We believe customers of all ages are returning to stores with the increased vaccination rates, and that's especially true with older customers where the vaccination rates are much higher. 
 Overall, we know that she continues to prioritize value and convenience when deciding where to shop. And with the large number of retail closures, she obviously has fewer places to stop now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez from Citi. 
Tracy Kogan: It's Tracy Kogan filling in for Paul. I had 2 questions. I was hoping, first, you could talk about the marketing spend in the quarter and whether you've leveraged that spend and what your expectations are for the year? And then, secondly, can you talk about the rent deals that you saw, I guess, for the deals you signed last year for the openings this year, and how that's trended as you're signing new deals right now? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On the leases, the real estate market is good, both from a supply standpoint and what we're seeing in leases. I wouldn't say specifically on a call like this, but the significance of the rent favorability given the number of leases across the whole chain would not be significant on an overall leverage, for instance on sales. On marketing, for us, marketing continues to be a good reminder to our customers. Overall, our strategic investment here, it has been to move to more digital. I wouldn't provide more specifics on marketing on this call. 
Tracy Kogan: Just going back to the real estate, any changes from what you were seeing last year versus this year, in terms of favorability? Is it getting better or worse? 
Michael Hartshorn: I'd say the story is still developing, Tracy. So we'll see how it develops over the next couple of years. Obviously, the availability is good, and we hope to take advantage of that given all the store closures. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Nice to see the progress. It was mentioned about dd's in the release, and I think a little bit at the beginning, what are you seeing in dd's? It sounds like it took an upturn for the better, both in terms of sales and operating profits. And anything to note there on store openings of dd's versus Ross and what you're seeing either in terms of favorability of leases, and also productivity this year to last -- this year to LLY? 
Michael Hartshorn: Dana, I would say that the story is very similar for dd's. We did see strong gains in sales and operating profits for the period versus our expectations. I would also say that dd's has the similar wage, freight and COVID cost expense pressures that we're seeing in Ross. And I would say we feel really good about dd's performance. 
Travis Marquette: In terms of new store productivity, we don't break out dd's specifically, but overall, new store productivity continues to be in the 60% to 65% range that we've talked about historically. 
Michael Hartshorn: On the real estate rollout, we would expect to beyond this year, dd's -- grow dd's at 20 to 25 stores per year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Priya Ohri-Gupta from Barclays. 
Priya Ohri-Gupta: Great. I was hoping you could update us on your thoughts as to potentially continuing to bring down your debt balance given your -- where the cash balance currently stands? And any further thoughts on improving the balance sheet? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. Our expectation is that we're going to pay down our existing debt. So we're not going to refinance it. The timing, if it's economically advantageous to pay off early, we would consider it. But If not, we would expect to pay off our existing debt at maturity. 
Operator: That was our last question. I will turn the call over to Barbara Rentler for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a good day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-03-01 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management, followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings, COVID-related costs and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2019 Form 10-K and fiscal 2020 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.  
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President, Chief Operating Officer; Travis Marquette, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with a review of our fourth quarter and 2020 performance, followed by our outlook for 2021. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 
 As noted in today's press release, our fourth quarter sales results exceeded our expectations. That said, the upsurge of COVID-19 resulted in lower traffic, especially in California, our largest state, where we were subject to more stringent occupancy and operating hour restrictions.  
 Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended January 30, 2021 were $0.67 on net income of $238 million. Total sales for the quarter were $4.2 billion with comparable store sales down 6%. For the 2020 fiscal year, earnings per share were $0.24 on net income of $85 million. These results include a onetime pretax charge of $240 million or $0.54 per share for the year from the refinancing of $775 million in senior notes. Total sales for 2020 declined to $12.5 billion.  
 Let's turn now to additional details on our fourth quarter results. For the holiday selling season, the best-performing major merchandise area was home, while the Southeast and Midwest were the strongest regions. For the quarter, our largest states of California, Texas and Florida significantly underperformed the chain average.  
 Dd's DISCOUNTS business was also impacted by the COVID-19 issues, although to a lesser degree than Ross, given a smaller number of border and tourist locations. As we ended 2020, total consolidated inventories were down 18% versus the prior year with packaway levels at 38% of the total compared to last year's 46%. Average store inventories at year-end were down 16% from 2019 levels.  
 As noted in today's release, our Board recently approved the reinstatement of our quarterly cash dividend at a rate of $0.285 per share. The resumption of our dividend payout in 2021 reflects our strong cash position and our confidence in the company's long-term prospects.  
 Now Travis Marquette will provide further details on our fourth quarter results and additional color on our first quarter guidance and general outlook for fiscal 2021. 
Travis Marquette: Thank you, Barbara. As previously mentioned, comparable store sales declined 6% in the quarter. This decrease was driven by lower traffic, which reflects customers' increased hesitancy to shop during the upsurge of the virus. This was partially offset by an increase in the size of the average basket.  
 Fourth quarter operating margin was 9.5% compared to 13.3% last year. Cost of goods sold increased 125 basis points in the quarter. Our merchandise margin gain of 70 basis points was more than offset by higher costs, including freight, which increased 100 basis points due to ongoing industry-wide supply chain congestion. Buying costs were higher by 50 basis points. Occupancy delevered 30 basis points on lower sales volume. Lastly, distribution costs grew 15 basis points, primarily due to higher wages, but were mostly offset by the favorable timing of packaway expenses.  
 SG&A for the quarter rose 260 basis points, mainly due to the deleveraging effect from the decline in comparable store sales, higher COVID-related operating expenses and timing of incentive costs. Total net COVID-related expenses for the quarter were approximately $40 million, with a higher impact to SG&A than cost of goods sold.  
 Turning to our balance sheet. We exited 2020 in a strong financial position with over $5.6 billion in liquidity, which includes an unrestricted cash balance of about $4.8 billion and our $800 million revolver that remains fully available.  
 Now let's discuss our outlook for 2021. Our guidance and results throughout fiscal 2021 will be reported versus fiscal 2019. We believe the significant impact from the extended closure of our operations in the spring of 2020, and the ongoing headwinds caused by COVID-19 throughout last year make this a more relevant basis for comparison.  
 As we enter 2021, there remains limited visibility regarding the ongoing pandemic and the pace and magnitude of an economic recovery. As a result, we are providing specific guidance for only the first quarter and a general outlook for the year.  
 Let's move now to our first quarter guidance. As a reminder, our projections for this period are compared to the 13 weeks ended May 4, 2019. While we hoped to do better, total sales are projected to be down 1% to up 4%, with comparable store sales down 1% to down 5%. This sales guidance reflects the potential impacts of lower demand during this year's Easter selling season and ongoing supply chain congestion. Earnings per share are projected to be $0.74 to $0.86.  
 The operating statement assumptions that support our first quarter guidance include the following: We project operating margin to be 9.9% to 10.8% versus 14.1% in 2019. This forecast reflects the deleveraging effect from the projected decline in comparable store sales and ongoing expense headwinds from increased supply chain costs and higher wages. In addition, COVID-related expenses will remain elevated and are projected to negatively impact EBIT margins by approximately 50 basis points in the period. While we expect to continue the aggressive expansion of our 2 chains, we planned a more moderate pace of openings this year, especially in the spring. 
 During the first quarter, we expect to open 4 Ross and 3 dd's DISCOUNTS locations during the period. Net interest expense is estimated to be about $20 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 24% to 25%. And finally, weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about 356 million.  
 As mentioned earlier, we are only providing a general outlook for the year at this time. From a top line perspective, with the continued rollout of vaccines, potential additional government stimulus and likely pent-up consumer demand, we expect sales trends to strengthen as we move through the year. Similar to the first quarter, though, we are projecting that operating margin relative to 2019 will continue to be affected by increased supply chain costs, higher wages and COVID-related expenses. Therefore, profitability will be well below recent historical high levels. We expect to add about 60 stores, consisting of approximately 40 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. 
 As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores. Net interest expense for the year is estimated to be about $76 million. Our tax rate is projected to be approximately 24% to 25%. We are planning average diluted shares outstanding to be about 356 million. Capital expenditures for 2021 are projected to be approximately $700 million, which includes investments for our next distribution center and the resumption of projects deferred from 2020. And depreciation and amortization expense, inclusive of stock-based amortization, is forecast to be about $495 million.  
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Travis. To sum up, fiscal 2020 was an extremely difficult and challenging year. Like so many other retailers and businesses, our operations and financial results reflect the major problems caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. That said, the combination of our proven and experienced leadership teams, seasoned associates throughout the company and strong financial foundation and liquidity has enabled us to navigate through this health crisis.  
 Looking at the balance of 2021, as Travis alluded to, many unknowns remain. However, over the longer term, we believe both Ross and dd's are well positioned in the off-price sector as consumers continue to favor retailers focused on delivering both value and convenience. This is especially true given the number of retail closures and bankruptcies over the past several years. Our mission is to continue delivering the best bargains possible to leverage our favorable market position. We remain confident that our unwavering focus on the successful execution of this core strategy will continue to be the key driver of our success.  
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I wanted to get your thoughts on the long-term profitability outlook for Ross. It seems like a lot of the cost that you're calling out are transient and COVID-related. So as you think out to a more normalized sales environment in '22 and '23, how do you think about the return -- the trajectory of the return to prior profitability levels? 
Michael Hartshorn: Lorraine, it's Michael Hartshorn. As we mentioned, the cost pressures this year between freight, COVID cost and wage pressures, there are some that we didn't have pre-COVID. And with lower sales productivity, we do lose leverage on fixed costs. So I would say it's hard to say at this point, as it's highly dependent on comp store sales recovery and thus average leverage we get on higher average sales per store. I'd say, with our visibility right now, it's hard to say how long the cost would linger. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Altschwager from Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: I was hoping you could give us a bit more color on the real estate front. Just given the significant market share opportunities that are out there, just maybe walk us through the thought process on the more conservative pace of store openings this year. And how should we think about the potential to reaccelerate back to that prior run rate of around 100 per year? 
Michael Hartshorn: On the real estate, we made the decision last year during the peak of the pandemic, when all stores were temporarily closed, to take a more conservative approach for our 2021 openings, especially in the spring. I'd say at this point, we're committed to expanding our 2 chains, both in existing and new markets. And our plan would be to return to more normal opening cadence next year, again, assuming no extraordinary issues similar to the ones we experienced in 2020. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez from Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: Curious if you could provide any color on monthly performance during the quarter. And if you could share any more specifics about California versus Texas versus Florida? And then second, as you've been dealing with wage pressures in the past several years in some key states, I'm curious if you would also say that you tend to see an improvement in sales results in those states as well as the consumer gets the benefit from those higher wages. 
Travis Marquette: So let me take the first couple. In terms of month-to-month progression, again, generally, we don't talk about intra-quarter trends. That said, it's -- we discussed in November, we did mention at the time that comps were down mid-single digits to start the quarter. Beyond that, we did see a benefit to sales later in the quarter as shelter-in-place orders were lifted in California and as new stimulus payments were issued. 
 Relative to sort of Texas, California, Florida, we wouldn't get into the details of each of them specifically. But as we mentioned, collectively, they significantly underperformed the chain. And in particular, during the quarter, California was impacted by increased occupancy restrictions and curfews as well as the shelter-in-place order. 
Michael Hartshorn: On the wage front, Paul, it's really hard to tease out any impact from higher wages and correlate that to sales with all the different factors that we're seeing in the business today. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I wanted to just check if your stores are currently all open and less encumbered or less hindered by some of the capacity restrictions you were facing in the fourth quarter. The guidance -- the better revenue guidance here for Q1 would seem to suggest that, but I just wanted to confirm that. And then on the supply chain cost, I'm wondering if you can talk about the various pieces in there that are currently pressuring supply chain costs? And it's hard to guess when the world might be normal again. But if there are any supply chain costs in there that you feel like are more temporary in nature, it would be interesting to hear about those as well. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, on the occupancy restrictions, during the fourth quarter, about 70% of our stores were under some level of capacity restrictions, including states like Nevada, Weston and of course, as we mentioned, California. Also during the quarter, we had about 35 stores that were closed for some period of time. As of today, all stores are open, although we still have occupancy restrictions in a number of states, although I would say the impact during this time of year versus peak holiday selling season is less. 
Travis Marquette: And on your question on the supply chain cost, there's a couple of components to that. First, I'd speak to freight, which really, there's 2 parts to that. There's domestic freight as well as ocean freight costs, which are significantly higher. There's also ongoing wage pressure, which we spoke to. Some of the actions that we took last year will clearly carry over. And then beyond that, COVID is also driving higher costs in the supply chain.  
 In terms of how long those will last, again, it's hard to say. From where we sit today, it feels like the freight costs will continue through the year. It's one of the reasons why we called that out in our commentary. And obviously, the wage pressures, we made those increases in wages in the third quarter. And so those would carry through until then. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chuck Grom from Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Just I was wondering if you guys could speak to the mix of Home as a percentage of sales in the fourth quarter and also all of 2020? And I guess, how you're thinking about the Home category for this upcoming year. And then also if you could speak to the contribution margins within the Home category itself relative to apparel. Just wondering how big of the difference there is? 
Travis Marquette: In terms of the product mix, we wouldn't give specific details by quarter. Our total for the year, Home was about 28% compared to about 25% last year. In terms of contribution margins, again, I think the contribution margins for that are relatively similar. There's some puts and takes in terms of markup and costs, but in general, the contribution margin is similar. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kate Fitzsimons from RBC Capital Markets. 
Kate Fitzsimons: I guess, just on inventory, packaway as a percent of total inventory was down year-on-year, but it does seem like it is building sequentially relative to the third quarter. I guess, just how we should evaluate the rebuild on packaway go forward? And then just looking out, your ability to generate, I guess, merchandise margin improvement relative to 2019 looking out the next few quarters, that would be helpful. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. In terms of the builds of packaway, we used part of packaway to support our planned sales in the fourth quarter. So yes, the rebuild -- it has rebuilt since the third quarter, and our intention is that it will continue to build to more historical levels. But we did use that to chase part of the sales increase. 
Travis Marquette: And then in terms of merchandise margins, again, we're not providing specific guidance beyond the first quarter. What I'd say, in Q4, merchandise margins were impacted by a couple of things. One, the favorable buying environment that we spoke about in Q3 carried forward to some extent. But then we had a significant negative impact from the higher ocean freight costs, which for us are included in merch margin. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Adrienne Yih from Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Barbara, I was wondering if you can talk about the availability of inventory, both in quality and quantity? And whether the West Coast port congestion is impacting that availability? And then for Michael, can you talk about sort of this COVID pressure, the 50 basis points during -- in the period? How should that diminish over time? Do you expect that to kind of go forward into the second quarter and then kind of diminish in the back half of the year? 
Barbara Rentler: So Adrienne, in terms of availability in quality and quantity, we're still seeing pretty great supply opportunities in the marketplace. What I would say is the West Coast port congestion, obviously, has slowed down some of receipts coming into the country. So the merchants are constantly moving and shaking based off of what's coming in. 
 In terms of the end state of availability from the disruption of the port, I think at some point, there'll be a bubble. I don't think we've seen that bubble yet. But at some point, historically, when things start to self correct, there'll be a bubble of inventory, so that would be an indication. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Opportunity. 
Travis Marquette: And then in terms of -- this is Travis. In terms of COVID costs, we're not providing specific guidance beyond the first quarter. However, we currently expect COVID costs to be somewhat similar to Q1 throughout the year, given our expectation for continued investments to keep associates and customers safe. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Travis, just a quick question. I know you're not giving explicit guidance, but we know the margin guide for 1Q relative to '19, understanding that you don't expect margins to get back to '19 levels based on your commentary, is it fair to say that there should be a -- basically a glide path upward as we move throughout the year? Or is there reason to believe that there could be some lumpiness quarter-to-quarter just in that regard? Any help there would be great. 
Travis Marquette: Yes. You're right. As we mentioned, we're not providing specific guidance. I think I would sort of come back to the comments that Michael made. Our profitability is going to be significantly connected to, as you would expect, our sales. And as we're able to drive higher same-store sales, that should -- we should see improvements in profitability. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Sole from UBS. 
Jay Sole: I just want to ask you about the down 5% to down 1% comp guidance for Q1 versus Q1 of '19. Is the current trend that you've seen quarter-to-date in line with that? Or are you performing better or worse? And then would you say that like things like delayed tax refunds or bad weather in Texas has impacted your February comp? 
Michael Hartshorn: We wouldn't talk specifically about quarter-to-date trends. That was our process prior to last year when we needed to report related to COVID. But I would tell you that the guidance reflects both the tax refund delays and also what we saw in Texas in February in weather throughout the country. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Marni Shapiro from Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Barbara, I just want to clarify, because I had in my questions, typically, things like port disruptions, while bad, ends up being good for you guys with opportunity. And did you -- that's what you were referring to when you talk about the bubble that once this all settles out, there will be probably outsized opportunity additional on top of what's already out there. 
Barbara Rentler: Correct, Marni, that's what you would expect. Although we're still seeing great supply opportunities out there, because of things, the supplies and the moves that are going on, we would expect that at some point, that would back up and that there would be an opportunity. That's what history would tell us. So that's what I would think would happen. 
Marni Shapiro: Makes a lot of sense. And then just following up on the packaway comment for holiday. I know Mother's Day, Father's Day, events like that, even Easter, you guys have had a long history of packing away, let's use the example of polo shirts for Father's Day. Given the disruptions, do you feel like you're well set up for these holidays? I know you're planning Easter is going to be a little more muted potentially, but are you set up for gifting for Mother's Day and Father's Day with what you have on order and with packaways? 
Barbara Rentler: Yes. I feel comfortable with that. Yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Merriman from Bernstein. 
Jamie Merriman: Can you talk a little bit about how you're thinking about use of cash? Good to see the dividend get reinstated. And I'm just wondering if there's any markers that you're looking for from a revenue perspective or profitability before you might think about resuming buybacks? 
Michael Hartshorn: On the -- on shareholder returns, our preference has long been a consistent and measured approach to returning excess cash to shareholders. The dividend decision, it made sense for us to restart the dividend first, as it requires a lower cash outlay, especially given the uncertain environment. I'd say we remain very committed to returning excess cash to shareholders. And we'll continue to assess additional shareholder payout actions once we have more sustained visibility on the business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Janine Stichter from Jefferies. 
Janine Stichter: I wanted to ask a bit about the category performance. Obviously, you called out the strength in Home. Wondering if you're seeing any green shoots in apparel? And if so, how you're feeling about your ability to chase into that category, if and when we get the customer having some more appetite for the category? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. The performance in Home has been very broad-based. I mean, Home is just taking -- in total, has taken a lift. And Home in the fourth quarter, in particular, has a lot of gift-giving businesses. So that was a big part of the performance also. 
 In terms of seeing life in some parts of apparel, I mean, I think what we saw in the fourth quarter is the continuation of casual being very strong, whether it's activewear or casual just type products, whether it's denim or shirts. And I think the other businesses, we're watching them closely to see if they start to come to life. When I'd say that Q2 was traditionally a better -- Q2 is traditionally a better apparel quarter than Q1, and we're watching it. And then the merchants will make the shift, and we'll chase it. A lot of those classifications of business have availability. And so we're watching every week to see where the customer is going, and we'll make the shift just the way we made the shift the last time into more money into Home and casual and all the businesses on the way into the fourth quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Can you elaborate a little bit on the SG&A puts and takes of how you're thinking of it for 2021? Anything on expenses, particularly in occupancy, that would be a benefit? And lastly, on dd's, do they get more of a benefit from stimulus than you're seeing in Ross? And if so, how are you seeing the difference when you have seen stimulus? 
Travis Marquette: Dana, in terms of specific details for 2021, I really wouldn't get into the specifics beyond the level of detail that we've provided, other than to say, again, we think the significant cost pressures that we're seeing in Q1 around lower average sales per store, higher supply chain costs, higher wages, which, to some extent, will impact stores, particularly compared to 2019, and in COVID-related expenses, which impacts both SG&A and cost of sales, those will continue. 
Michael Hartshorn: And Dana, on the dd's customer, I think history would say, whether it's tax refunds or stimulus, we -- the dd's customer is more sensitive to stimulus payments than, frankly, tax refunds. So we would expect to see a more immediate impact in the dd's business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Kernan from Cowen. 
John Kernan: Just curious on your confidence in the ability to rebuild inventory as we go into the back half of the year. Are your key vendors, particularly in apparel, going to have enough inventory to service you to comp off of 2019 levels? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, we feel confident based off our plan that we would be able to rebuild our inventory in apparel. Part of that will come from chase, part of it will come from packaway, part of it will come from goods that we might buy in advance of the season. So it will be a combination of all 3 things. And in terms of the market having supply, I think most vendors will have some supply. I think some vendors are bringing in supply earlier. So I think it will be a mix based on who the vendor structure is. But I feel confident that we can get back into the inventory position we need to get into. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: It's on COVID-related costs, which my understanding, Michael, is that you expect Q1's level to continue throughout the year. How would that compare to your total COVID-related spend in 2020? 
Travis Marquette: Yes, this is Travis. If it plays out exactly that way, and again, we don't know if it exactly will, that would be a bit lower than what we incurred in 2020. 
Laura Champine: And then just housekeeping. You mentioned timing and incentive comp, which pushed your Q4 SG&A expense higher. Can you be more specific on how much pressure that was? 
Travis Marquette: Yes, I wouldn't specifically quantify it, but just a little bit more color on that. Again, the timing of incentives related to management incentive costs, overall, management incentive costs for the year were down, which you'd expect given our performance. But they were more heavily weighted to the back half, given the timing of when we finalized our incentive comp plans for the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Drbul from Guggenheim. 
Robert Drbul: Just 2 questions for me. The first one is when you look at average inventories in the stores down 16%, is there a wide variation? I mean, in terms of when you think about the stores in California, Texas, Florida, how you're inventorying those stores versus the other stores. And the second question is, just wondering if you had any change in your long-term store potential, either the Ross Stores or dd's, given continued bankruptcies and store closures throughout the industry? 
Michael Hartshorn: Bob, on inventory, given the ongoing uncertainty, we had planned inventory down, fairly broad-based across the chain. Of course, we pay attention to churns by region. And regions that were underperforming, we would have less inventory there to maximize profitability.  
 And then on store potential, it's -- the real estate availability is very good, and it's possible that the number could grow given that availability. However, at this time, we continue to believe 3,000 stores is the appropriate long-term growth potential for the company, and that includes 2,400 Ross and 600 dd's. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Roxanne Meyer from MKM Partners. 
Roxanne Meyer: I wanted to dig into CapEx a bit. I know, in part, you said you're investing in the distribution center. I'm just wondering if, costs related to that, the expenses are expected to hit in 2021 and are included in your outlook? And secondly, I'm wondering if you could talk about some of the projects, the key projects that you've got that were deferred in 2020 that you're focusing on now. 
Travis Marquette: Yes. I wouldn't go into specific details on the project, but I can give you a little bit more color on capital expenditure plans. As I mentioned, we expect to spend around $700 million this year. Around half of that we would expect to spend on our distribution centers and supply chain projects in general. About 20% of that would be for maintenance and remodels of existing stores, about 15% for new stores and then the balance in IT and other. 
 In regards to DC cost impact on the P&L this year, at this point, we're expecting the new distribution center to open sometime in early 2022. And so those costs would hit the P&L once the DC opens, so they wouldn't impact this year. 
Michael Hartshorn: Roxanne, on the deferral of capital, given our goal of improving liquidity last year, we had a lot of maintenance-type projects that we deferred into this year. So that capital forecast for this year, whether it's store maintenance projects, things of that nature, we're catching up in this year's plan. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Barbara, maybe to think about this a slightly different way or more on the positive side. So your brick-and-mortar-only retailer, you're guiding to negative low to mid-single-digit comp in the middle of the pandemic. I guess, how do you view the off-price opportunity to take market share in apparel exiting the pandemic? And anything that you've seen that makes you question either the value or the convenience component of Ross going forward. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Off-price taking market share in apparel as we move forward, yes, when you think about all the store closures that have happened out there and our continued growth, I think that we have the ability to gain share. Let me start with that. 
 That will build and grow over time. Based off of our large vendor base and our large merchant team, we should be able to drive sales and go forward and offer assortments that are perhaps broader than other businesses and other types of models. So I do feel comfortable that when apparel gets back on track, that we will move in that direction, and that off-price has an opportunity in grand total to gain share, whether it's -- quite frankly, whether it's in apparel or whether it's in Home or other products. 
 In terms of value and -- our value and convenience and how we rank on value and convenience, we know from customer surveys that value is one of the things that our customer really gives us high marks on. It's a very competitive market, as you know. And the merchants are constantly out there shopping and trying to get the best deal and really understanding what's going on around them. But most importantly, that's what the customer tells us, that she gives us, I would say, good grades on. And that is a focus, and that is the main focus of us every day. That is our mission is to deliver the best branded bargains possible. 
 So in value, I would say that I would give us high scores in convenience, again, getting data back from the customers based off of where our stores are located and how easy it is for the customer to shop and certainly in our key markets where we have a lot of stores, it could be on one side of a road and go to a Ross and look across the highway and see another Ross on the way on the other way. So whether I'm going to or from work, I can go to a Ross store. 
 So I think those are 2 things we know the customer values. Those are 2 things that, as a company, we get behind and really protect because that is an important part of us being able to pick up market share as we go forward. And as we know with all the store closures, there's a lot of potential market share to be had. So that is a company focus. 
Operator: Your last question comes from Michael Binetti from Crédit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: I guess I'm trying to think of -- I guess, 2 quick ones, if you could. I'm trying to think a little bit about how you built the range of same-store sales that you looked at for the first quarter from the negative 5% to negative 1%. And just maybe the different scenarios, what you think it takes to get to the negative 1%. And I guess it's reasonable -- it seems to me like it's reasonable to assume, based on your comment for sequential progress, that, that scenario turns positive in the second quarter. It might be a little earlier for you to endorse that, but just how you thought about it. 
 And then on SG&A, I was trying to look at it a little bit of a different way that on a per-foot basis, it looks like it grew about 11% in the fourth quarter. I know there was some timing that you guys ran over on the incentive comp. But Michael, it sounds like the sales deleverage is the biggest input for that. And I know you won't know that until you know it, but maybe you could just help us think about how much we should back up on a per-foot basis as far as we think about what kind of cost inflation rolls forward, at least the first half of the year, if you have any visibility there. 
Michael Hartshorn: On the comp trend, I would just say, we did a minus 6% in the fourth quarter, and that included, as we mentioned a number of times here that California had stay-at-home orders and restrictions. And with the cases improving the potential for increase in vaccinations, the first quarter really just represents a sequential improvement over the fourth quarter. 
Travis Marquette: And on G&A cost, again, it's really hard to sort of quantify, I think, an answer your question in an easy, concise way. But of the pressures that we talked about for the year, obviously, higher wages relative to 2019 will certainly impact G&A cost. COVID will certainly impact G&A costs. That will probably -- I would expect more likely to be continually -- continue to be a little bit more weighted towards G&A going forward. And so those are some of the pressures, but I couldn't give you a specific inflation factor for your model. 
Operator: I will now turn the call over to Barbara Rentler for closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-18 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management, followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call may contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future operations and financial results and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements and from historical performance or current expectations. Additional information about related risk factors is included in today's press release and in the company's fiscal 2019 Form 10-K and fiscal 2020 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President and Chief Operating Officer; Travis Marquette, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with a review of our third quarter and year-to-date performance. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 The vast majority of our stores were operating throughout the third quarter. That said, given the worsening pandemic, we will remain vigilant in monitoring local developments to assess any potential changes that might be necessary to our operations based on local state or other government directives. We will continue to make the health and well-being of our associates and customers a top priority.
 Turning now to our financial results. Total sales for the third quarter declined 2% to $3.8 billion with comparable store sales down 3%. Sales improved substantially compared to the second quarter following a slower start in August. This acceleration was driven by several factors, including an improvement in our merchandise assortments, a later back-to-school season, stronger performance in our larger markets and our return to more normal store hours.
 In October, the company refinanced $775 million in senior notes to significantly reduce the annual interest expense and total cash outlays over the life of the debt. This action resulted in a onetime charge of $240 million or $0.65 per share impact to net earnings in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. Including this impact, for the 13 weeks ended October 31, 2020, net income was $131 million or $0.37 per share compared to $371 million or $1.03 per share for the same period last year. Year-to-date, the loss per share was $0.43 on a net loss of $153 million, also including the aforementioned onetime charge. This compares to net income of $1.2 billion or $3.32 per share for the same period in 2019. Sales for the first 9 months of 2020 were $8.3 billion versus $11.6 billion last year.
 Third quarter operating margin of 4.4% was down from 12.4% last year and was negatively impacted by the onetime debt refinancing charge, which was equivalent to 640 basis points. In addition, the year-over-year margin decline reflects higher COVID-related operating costs in 2020 and the deleveraging effect on expenses throughout the business from the decline in same-store sales. At quarter end, total consolidated inventories were down 25% from the prior year with average store inventories down 8%.
 During the period, we continued to make progress on our distribution capabilities to support peak sales during the holiday selling season. Packaway levels at quarter end were 26% of the total compared to last year's 39%. For the third quarter, the strongest merchandise areas at Ross was home, while the Midwest and the Southeast were the best-performing geographic regions. Similar to Ross, dd's DISCOUNTS performance accelerated during the quarter as their value offering also resonated well with customers. Overall, our improved core business results demonstrates consumers' continued focus on value and our ongoing ability to deliver the bargains our customers come to expect from us.
 Turning to store growth. As expected, we opened 30 Ross and 9 dd's DISCOUNTS locations in the third quarter, completing our expansion program for 2020. After the planned closing of about 10 existing stores in the fourth quarter, we anticipate ending the year with 1,585 Ross and 274 dd's DISCOUNTS locations for a net increase of 54 for fiscal 2020.
 Now Travis will provide further color on third quarter results. 
Travis Marquette: Thank you, Barbara. As Barbara noted, comparable store sales decreased 3% versus last year. This decline was driven by a lower number of transactions that was partially offset by a larger average basket size.
 Again, as mentioned earlier, operating margin for the quarter was 4.4%, down from 12.4% last year. Cost of goods sold increased 35 basis points in the period. Merchandise margin grew by 190 basis points, driven by a favorable buying environment and lower inventory shortage. These items were more than offset by freight costs that rose 90 basis points and higher distribution expenses of 70 basis points. In addition, buying and occupancy delevered by 40 and 25 basis points, respectively.
 Selling and general and administrative expenses increased 765 basis points, which includes the previously mentioned 640 basis point impact from the onetime debt refinancing charge in addition to the deleveraging effect from the decline in same-store sales and higher COVID-related operating costs in 2020. Total net COVID-related expenses for the quarter were approximately $25 million with a slightly higher impact to cost of goods sold than SG&A. We expect net COVID-related costs to be significantly higher in Q4 relative to Q3. These increases primarily relate to managing impact from industry-wide capacity constraints and congestion as well as wage and incentive actions in our supply chain and stores.
 Turning to our balance sheet. In addition to the refinancing of a portion of our senior notes during the third quarter, we also took several actions to reduce our ongoing debt costs, including the repayment of the $800 million revolving credit facility and terminating the undrawn $500 million revolver. Overall, we remain in a strong financial position, ending the quarter with over $5.2 billion in liquidity, which includes an unrestricted cash balance of about $4.4 billion and the $800 million revolver that remains available.
 As mentioned in our press release, entering the fourth quarter, our month-to-date comparable store sales in November are down mid-single digits. In addition, there remains a high level of uncertainty related to the worsening health crisis, and we are concerned with how the upsurge of this pandemic might impact consumer demand during what we expect to be a highly competitive holiday shopping season. Given the lack of visibility we have concerning these external risks and how they may evolve and impact our business, we will continue to manage our operations conservatively and will not be providing specific details or earnings per share guidance for the fourth quarter.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Travis. As we look ahead to the holiday season, we expect a highly competitive retail environment in a difficult economic and political atmosphere, both of which are complicated by our lack of visibility surrounding the worsening pandemic. Despite these near-term challenges, I want to emphasize that we have a talented and seasoned management team that we believe will enable us to effectively navigate through any short-term headwinds.
 Over the longer term, we remain well positioned in the off-price sector to gain market share, as we believe consumers will continue to favor retailers' focus on delivering value and convenience, both of which we have and will continue to provide to our customers.
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And congrats on the improvement. So Barbara, could you help bridge improvement from negative mid-teens to start August and more or less flat comps for the remainder of the quarter? I think, would be the math. Are you happy with your inventory assortments today and the availability that you see out there with close-out product?
 And then larger picture, to touch on your comments, just given the stability that your model is showing in the midst of a pandemic, how do you see opportunity for the off-price model post pandemic as it relates to market share? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. First, in terms of our inventory assortments, I think as the quarter went on, the merchants did a fine job of actually chasing the goods in the market and shifting the assortments into the classifications that the customer is desiring, which is more home and things that are casual activewear.
 In terms of availability in the market, we're seeing availability pretty broad-based in most classifications, and there's plenty of supply, so we're not as worried about the supply.
 And in terms of stability of the model for off-price, as we go forward, look, I think when we get to the other side post pandemic, there's a customer who really likes shopping in stores, who enjoys the off-price model because there's a treasure hunt and the excitement, and I'll call it the fun, and also for retail stores that really focus on value and convenience, and that's really all those metrics to what the Ross model does. 
Michael Hartshorn: Matt, it's Michael Hartshorn. I'll also add with the extraordinary large number of current and future retail closures, it does mean that she has fewer places to shop, and we think that off-price in general and Ross and dd's specifically are well positioned to gain market share post pandemic. 
Matthew Boss: Perfect. And then just to follow up on gross margin. Could you just walk through any puts and takes for us to consider in the fourth quarter gross margin? Anything preventing underlying merchandise margin expansion? 
Travis Marquette: Sure. This is Travis. We're not providing specific guidance for the fourth quarter, but a couple of comments on merchandise margins. We mentioned merch margin was up 190 basis points, driven by the favorable buying environment. We think there's -- that can continue for a little bit. Over the longer term, remains to be seen how long that will last, but we think that will continue.
 We also mentioned the shrink benefit, which was about 1/3 of the gain that we saw during the quarter. That's, obviously, specific to Q3 and would not repeat in Q4. Just a little color on that. The benefit was due to the significant markdowns that we took earlier this year, which reduced the value of the items that we recognized in shrink during the quarter. If you exclude the markdowns, the impact on unit shrink was relatively flat. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager from Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: Just first, on inventory, just a follow-up there. Pack and hold remains fairly low relative to where it's been historically. I was wondering if you could speak to that and how you see that evolving here as you move forward.
 And then just given the current buying environment, which sounds like it's pretty favorable, just wondering if you could speak to your level of confidence in being able to generate merchandise margins as we move into the spring of next year. 
Michael Hartshorn: On the packaway levels, similar to the last quarter, we used packaway to chase ahead of plan sales as sales -- the acceleration of the quarter was well ahead of our internal plans. Overall, availability is plentiful, and we expect packaway to continue to build to historical levels. 
Barbara Rentler: And then in terms of the current buying environment and margins, I think what we'll see is that, over time, that the margin part of it will not be quite as favorable as it is today because the buying environment in Q3 was really favorable. So we expect over time that it would more normalize. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kate Fitzsimons from RBC. 
Kate Fitzsimons: I guess last quarter, you guys had called out underperformance in California, Texas, Florida and Arizona. Can you just give us an update on how some of those lagging markets were faring in the third quarter?
 And then just in terms of the negative mid-single digits quarter-to-date, is there any region that is leading the decline? That would be helpful just to frame up the regional complexion. 
Michael Hartshorn: At the time of our Q2 call in early August, we had begun to see some stabilization in those markets in our larger markets in California, Florida, Texas and Arizona. But tourist and border locations continue to significantly underperform the rest of the chain. For the quarter, California performed above the chain average, while Florida and Texas continue to be impacted by their higher concentration of border and tourist locations.
 And then on the month-to-date trend, we wouldn't get into the details of inter-quarter trends other than to say, the current trend is down mid-single digits. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez from Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Curious if there's anything within your supply chain that's not functioning as you would hope at this point, whether it be your ability to buy the items you want to buy or getting the product to the DCs and out to the stores. Is there anything that you're not happy with where you think there's room to improve in the fourth quarter and beyond?
 And then just bigger picture. Curious if the current situation makes you think any different about growth at dd's over the next few years, either faster or slower? 
Michael Hartshorn: Well, on supply chain, if you recall, at the end of the second quarter, we had some staffing challenges, but we took a number of wage -- both wage and incentive actions in Q3 and actually feel really good about our staffing levels as we move into Q4. Throughput has improved, and we also feel good about our receipt flow to the stores.
 If there's one thing I would say about the supply chain is there has been and continues to be port congestion, like you've seen across retail. That is causing product delays in certain areas, but with our flexible business model, our overall inventory levels are positioned in line with our plans coming into the quarter. That congestion, not only in the port but across transportation modes means that we are seeing cost pressures due to the higher rates to move freight across the U.S.
 On dd's growth, I think it's too early to talk about dd's growth. We'll be in a better position to do that on our year-end conference call in March. 
Paul Lejuez: And just 1 follow-up. Any quantification of the number of new vendors that you've added this year? And where do you stand now in terms of total vendor count? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, during the course of the year, we've added hundreds of vendors, pretty broad-based across all areas. In terms of our total vendor count at this moment, I don't know if I can answer that exact number at this moment. In our annual report, we had -- I think it was 7,500. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, a little over -- we're a little over 8,000 now, Paul. So it's about a 5% increase that we've seen since COVID. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. The inventory level still looks, obviously, very, very lean. But it sounds like you're quite happy with the inventory that you've got. I'm wondering if you can help us understand what you have packed away for spring and summer that you could bring out in early 2021 to help kick off that season? Is it similar to what you would have last year? Or is it leaner? Just thinking about the first half of the year next year.
 And you talked about some port delays and some challenges that vendors have relayed to you, I think, just with moving goods. Does that, in any way, create opportunities for Ross? Or on the other hand, are you experiencing some delivery delays to your stores that could be slightly holding back sales trends? 
Michael Hartshorn: I'll answer your second question first and then turn it over to Barbara on packaway. Historically, any time there's disruptions like these, it has always created supply opportunities for off-price. And I don't think this will be any different. There's -- with the port delays, there'll be missed holiday dates, and we'd expect there to be inventory opportunities.
 For us, there could be some risk in the fourth quarter. But again, with our -- we have a lot of flexibility to move goods in and out. We have to make sure, obviously, we have the right assortments for the customer. But coming into the quarter, we feel good about our inventory levels. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of spring, Kimberly, I think it's similar to every year. It moves based on what you find in the market. And I don't think it's consistent year-to-year. I would say, overall, that it's slightly less than what we had the year before because we flowed a lot of goods into the third quarter. That's pretty much where we are today.
 And then in terms of the port and disruptions at the port, you would think disruption for us equals supply. So what goes on in the first quarter, depending upon how long the ports are jammed up, we might wind up even getting some spring supply earlier. We'll have to wait and see what happens. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. And then just given the really materially improved financial position of the business, I'm wondering how you're thinking about the dividend and when you would expect to reevaluate potentially reinstating that dividend. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, our near-term focus is -- continues to be preserving liquidity, especially given the current upsurge in the virus and potential impact of additional government restrictions could have on consumer demand during the holidays. So we'll wait and see how holiday pans out. But based on that, it's too early to comment on future payouts. We'd expect to have commentary in our year-end earnings conference call. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Travis, just for you on the SG&A side. Could you possibly quantify the COVID costs that you guys are incurring right now? And if there's anything -- any color you can add on what you mean when you say it should -- the cost should accelerate into Q4?
 And then just big picture on that topic. Should we consider those to be onetime, assuming if there is a vaccine and life goes back to normal by the time you start lapping these results come next year? 
Travis Marquette: Yes, sure. I think as we mentioned, cost for the third quarter, the sort of net COVID costs is how we've been talking about it, were about $25 million. So that's some pluses and then some savings and minuses that get to that number.
 In terms of the fourth quarter, again, we expect the cost to be significantly higher in Q4, really related to a couple of things within stores. We expect higher costs related to ongoing investments for personal protective equipment and other payroll and incentive actions. And then in the supply chain, again, we're forecasting higher costs due to COVID-related labor actions as well as cost to respond to industry-wide supply chain capacity constraints.
 On your question around COVID and are they onetime? Generally speaking, yes, we would expect that as the pandemic ends that these costs would start to fade out of the business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti from Crédit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Great quarter. On the real estate outlook, as you look at 2021, should we think that that's like a normal year, 90 stores per year like you were doing roughly before COVID? Or is it -- is there some catch-up next year? Or is it a slower year as you kind of restart operations? I'm just trying to think if it's an above or below normal year. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. At this point, it's too early to say what our plans are for next year, but we'll be in a position to discuss in March at our year-end conference call. 
Michael Binetti: Okay. And then, I guess, is there any consideration about the Northeast has been out there as a market that you guys haven't been in for a while. I know some of your thinking has been on the value we offer, the AURs, like, can they support the rents that are a little bit higher in that market. Is this a more attractive time for you to look at that market? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I mean, I think we're going to see opportunities across the U.S., including most -- especially in the existing markets that we're in. And also in our newer markets. So certainly, over the next couple of years that will continue to be our priority. At some point, we'll get into the Northeast. 
Michael Binetti: And then Michael, as you look at it, we've had a bunch of brands that have commented on pulling back from off-price as much as possible. I'm not sure that they stuck to their discipline on it or not. They seem to be a bit of a renewed focus. But as you look at that, and they're all -- everything going on and think about packaway versus that ones in closeout, do you think a little differently about how you want the mix of that to look going forward than in the past? Or is there anything structural that you're looking at that might be a little bit different going forward that we should think about? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, actually, let's talk about brands first. Brand strategies fluctuate from year-to-year. So different brands are doing different things as the world keeps evolving.
 In terms of packaway versus closeouts versus slowing upfront, all the mixes of it, really, we don't see a major material change. Our main thing is that what we want to deliver are really being able to deliver the best branded bargains possible to the customer. And so that comes through different buying strategies, and we don't really see that mix as of today, changing that much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Janine Stichter from Jefferies. 
Janine Stichter: I wanted to ask a little bit about the complexion of the comp. It seems like the improvement in 3Q versus 2Q was mostly traffic driven, but I'm curious if you're seeing anything change in terms of either basket or conversion? 
Travis Marquette: Yes, sure. You're correct. The biggest change from Q2 to Q3 was on the traffic number, transaction side for us. There was not a -- yes, that was the biggest driver. 
Michael Hartshorn: So not a significant change in that. 
Travis Marquette: Yes. 
Janine Stichter: Okay. And then just a follow-up. I apologize if I missed it, but I think on the last call, you talked about overall inventory availability being very strong, but there being some gaps in the assortment in some of the hotter categories. Are you still seeing that? Or do you feel like on a category basis, the availability is where you'd like it to be? 
Barbara Rentler: I think there's some small inconsistencies now, not the way it was before. I think it's more broad-based now, but this -- in certain categories. But in every season, there are some uncertain categories, so. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Trussell from Deutsche Bank. 
Paul Trussell: Good quarter. Just be looking for maybe just overall comments on the balance sheet and where we stand today, comments maybe on debt position, potential timetables and thought process around dividends and return of the buyback. And then separately, I'm just curious if you have any gauge or guess just on what percent of your core customers have returned to shop in the stores over the past few months? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. I'll start with the balance sheet. Again, we feel very good with our financial position. As I mentioned in the comments, $4.4 billion of unrestricted cash, about $5.2 billion in liquidity. So we feel very good about that.
 We talked about the debt actions that we took during the quarter. We refinanced a portion of our senior notes to significantly reduce the overall long-term cost of that. We feel good about that. I think as we talked about a little bit earlier on the call in terms of go-forward and dividends and buybacks and whatnot, again, our current focus remains on preservation of cash and liquidity. There's just a tremendous amount of uncertainty regarding the virus and how that will progress. 
Michael Hartshorn: Paul, on the consumer, we, obviously, speak to our customers often through survey work. I would say at this point we don't have a comprehensive information to share at this time, but we know that she continues to prioritize value when deciding where to shop. And given, as I mentioned earlier, the large number of retail closures, that means she has fewer places to shop now, and that's benefited us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: It looks like once we're in a post-vaccine environment, many of these COVID costs will fall off. But is there any reason why some of the gains you've seen in merchandise margins would necessarily fall off? I guess what I'm asking is, could margins over the long term exceed your prior peaks coming out of this? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, part of -- Lorraine, I think a big piece of the margin that we're seeing in the off-price sector right now is the -- with the availability of goods and the chase back into Q3. I think over time as supply levels and vendors are more proactive, I think, in managing through different sectors of inventory in stores, I think the supply will become more normalized. And I think with that, the margins will become -- I'm not saying they couldn't be better than they were historically, but I think versus where they stand today, I just don't see that holding. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro from Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Congrats and best of luck with the holiday, in case I forgot to add that at the end. Travis, I just wanted to clarify one thing you said about shrink. I think you said that the value was down, but that was due to the fact that what, I guess, went missing was already marked down. So if you can clarify that?
 And then, Barbara, I'm just curious at a high level, are you seeing sales also very strong? I think you called out home, but other -- what people are calling COVID categories like kids, beauty and active? 
Travis Marquette: Yes, sure. On shrink, you have it about right. So because of the significant markdowns that we took earlier in the year, that reduced the retail value of the items that we recorded the shrink during the quarter, which gave us a benefit. As I mentioned, if you look at it on a sort of unit basis compared to last year, it was relatively similar. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the classifications, Marni, those other classifications are strong also. Beauty continues to be strong, kids is strong as well as home. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Sole from UBS. 
Jay Sole: Great. My question is about in-store inventory levels. How did you feel about the in-store inventory levels in the quarter? Did you feel like there was enough inventory in the store to capture all the demand? Or could have been opportunities to do even more sales had there been even more inventory in the store? 
Michael Hartshorn: On inventory, as you know, historically, we've managed our in-store inventory levels very conservatively, and that's not going to change going forward. I'd say we got inventory levels to where we wanted them during the quarter. We're, obviously, trying to manage the business very conservatively. I'm sure there's pockets of inventory or areas of the store where if we had more, we could have turned faster. But overall, we were pleased with the inventory levels. 
Barbara Rentler: I think the way we should think about it is -- the way we think about it is because we chase the sales to above plan, we drove a lot of fresh receipts into the store. So the customer could come every week and see something new and something different. And so every business might not have been positioned exactly the way -- I'm not even sure the way I'd say we'd want it to because I think the off-price customers are used to coming into a store and seeing variances in inventory levels and products. But I think the thing that helped to drive the quarter sales was really the fresh receipts and the fact that she could come in every week into the treasure hunt and find something different. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simeon Siegel from BMO Capital Markets. 
Simeon Siegel: Sorry if I missed it, how was AUR this quarter? And then, Barbara, do you have a view on the industry-wide promotional cadence for holiday? And how you see your AUR opportunity for holiday and into next year? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. Sure. AUR was down. It was down during the quarter. 
Simeon Siegel: Any thoughts on just -- yes, I'm sorry. 
Barbara Rentler: Go ahead. Go ahead. 
Simeon Siegel: No, no. I was just going to ask about the holiday, just how you're viewing the broad promotion. 
Barbara Rentler: Yes. Well, we think it's going to be a very promotional holiday season. I mean, it's been promotional for a number of years, and I don't expect this year to be any different. I think the most important thing for us to do is to be able to deliver really compelling bargains to the customer. And if we do that, we'll do fine.
 In terms of the AUR, the AUR moved a lot with the deals that you get based on the values you put on the floor, and we are highly focused on value because that's what the customer is focused on. And also, the AUR also can move around within the total box based on the businesses that you're driving. So in terms of as we go forward, we are going to buy and to drive into the businesses that the customer is responding to, and the AUR will move with that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: When you were contemplating your inventory plan for this holiday period, how are you thinking about the potential for store closures, capacity limitations? And how quickly can you adjust, assuming there are adjustments needed given the congestion? Do you think that you run the risk of missing out on sales because inventories are just too light? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I mean, the way we approach the holiday season is very cautiously. Especially with the recent upsurge and restrictions, we're going to balance sales with managing the business, managing our liquidity and managing inventory. So there is a chance that we could miss some sales, but we're going to take a very cautious approach and make sure we're positioned well to react to what's in front of us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Drbul from Guggenheim. 
Robert Drbul: Just a couple of quick questions. On the home category, can you maybe -- I think you called it out as strong. I'm just wondering if you can maybe give us a little more color in terms of really what you're seeing in home and maybe even inventory availability around the home.
 And also separately, just wage rates. I think you talked about higher wages and some of the staffing levels throughout the supply chain. Just generally, in terms of what you're seeing overall throughout the staff would be very helpful in the stores. 
Barbara Rentler: In terms of the home business, the business is healthy across all classifications. I think as the customer is home and they're not going to work and they're working from home, I think every classification is good. I mean, maybe with the exception of probably the weakest business would be travel as it would make sense because people aren't really traveling, but it's very broad-based. 
 In terms of availability, part of the home business is a direct import business. So some lead times have gotten longer in some of those businesses for future. And then for shorter term, we did -- the merchants did a very good job of getting closeouts, some closeouts in the third quarter which we were pleased with. But that business is really much more of an upfront business and it's laid further out. 
Michael Hartshorn: On wages, where we're seeing the most market pressure, as I mentioned, is in our distribution centers and supply chain. And as I mentioned, we did make base wage increases. We also have COVID incentive for the DC associates. And in stores, both stores and DCs, we're very happy with our staffing levels and have been able to staff up for holiday in both areas. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexandra Walvis from Goldman Sachs. 
Alexandra Walvis: I had a question also on categories. You mentioned outperformance of home and active and underperformance elsewhere. As you move through the quarter and you saw the improvement in the comp, did that improvement come from incremental strength in the strong categories or a little bit of recovery in some of those weaker categories?
 And then second question is any thoughts on freight costs as you head into next year? 
Barbara Rentler: In terms of the comp and the trending businesses, as the quarter went on, those businesses got stronger as we chased after them more aggressively when we saw the customers' trend. And so those businesses, obviously, best -- home was our best-performing business. So those businesses help to drive the comp forward. 
Michael Hartshorn: On transportation and freight charges, obviously, the significant -- both import and domestic congestion is driving up freight costs now. We're paying surcharges to make sure we can get freight through the supply chain and onto the stores. Our expectation would be that that would continue likely through the first quarter because that's the expectation for congestion. We'll have more to say on the full year impact in our year-end conference call. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Merriman from Bernstein. 
Jamie Merriman: Can you just update us on where home is now as a percentage of the mix? And whether you see any limit on that as a category? Could it get to 40% of sales at some point? Or would you view that as too big?
 And then in terms of store planning, I appreciate it's too early to say what your plan is for 2021. But can you remind us how you've thought historically about what your sort of capacity constraint is around opening new stores faster? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. In terms of home, the home business escalates in the fourth quarter and gets much closer to 30% mark, 31% mark. It's traditionally around 25%, 26% for us. It comes up. As we go forward, our expectation is that business will continue to grow at a faster rate than the rest of the company because that's what the customer is after. And also, there is a lot of businesses in home that you can drive. 
Michael Hartshorn: Could you repeat your question on the store growth? 
Jamie Merriman: Sure. So historically, when you've talked about how you think about the pace of store openings, I think you've talked about wanting to have management attention around number of stores that you're opening. Can you just remind us what the sort of capacity constraints are as a business in terms of ability to accelerate store openings to the extent that there are more opportunities in 2021 or 2022? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I would -- for us, our historical level of store openings is around 100 per year. Typically, 80% Ross, 20% dd's. That's a level that we're comfortable with. We like our ability to execute at that level, both in getting the right site and also open the stores successfully from a store operations standpoint. So I'd say that's a level that we're comfortable with. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Wanted to get some color on how you're thinking about occupancy costs and the ability given lease renegotiations to leverage those costs. Is that an SG&A tailwind for you going into 2021? And are you at all thinking about any adjustments in store size or the structure of the store in 2021 and beyond for Ross or dd's? And how you're seeing the real estate landscape? 
Travis Marquette: Sure, Dana. I think it's too early to predict what's going to happen in the -- in terms of occupancy costs. Just the occupancy for us is in cost of goods sold not in the SG&A line. But I think it's too early to predict what's going to happen. Obviously, with the store closures, there's going to be -- we think there's going to be plenty of opportunities. So I think it's too early to call at this point. 
Dana Telsey: Got it. And just when you're thinking about the buying for next year and planning for Easter or the other holidays going forward, how do you see the overall change in inventory levels compared to what you have now? Are you seeing differences in vendor assortments? Are you seeing differences in terms of what you'll be able to get your hands on for goods in the first half of 2021? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. So buying for Easter -- obviously, Q1 is normally a tough quarter. And with the unknown of what will happen with the virus and the pandemic, I would envision us having a very conservative plan in Q1, particularly inventory since we don't know really how things will be playing out. Buying for Easter, I think that Easter -- if people really can't go out and celebrate holidays still at that point, I think Easter will not be quite as big as it normally historically has been. So that whole first quarter period, I think, is just a conservative period that we'll have to see how big we want that to be.
 In terms of vendor assortments, yes, look, we have a very large merchant team. We have really very strong relationships in the market. We've tried to be very good partners during this period of time. And I see the assortment for 2021 being pretty balanced in terms of a good, better, best and the brands that we want. There'll always be -- in a vendor assortment, there'll always be certain things you don't have. There'll always be certain times you don't have it and all of that, but I don't see any major shift in the brands and the values that we can offer the customer. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chuck Grom from Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Great recovery on the business. A quick one for me. Just you spoke that longer hours of operation as one of the drivers of the sales recovery as the quarter progressed. Curious if you're back to normal hours at this point in time? Or if that's still a potential tailwind to come? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. Yes, during the third quarter, we returned to normal operating hours. Going into the holiday season, we historically have extended them further, and we plan to do the same this holiday season. We're allowed to do so. 
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Roxanne Meyer from MKM Partners. 
Roxanne Meyer: Congrats on the improvement you saw. Kind of building off of that, I wanted to see how good do you feel about your ability to process traffic you do get, assuming the pandemic doesn't disrupt that? I imagine that you're putting incremental safeguards in your stores, logistics to move people through the store. But how should we think about the overall capacity in that you're able to get -- process people through that want to get in your store? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. It's a good question, Roxanne. I'd say store capacity limits are changing on a daily basis. It's very dynamic based on local restrictions. A 25% occupancy is pretty common, but we feel good about the changes we made. We're certainly going to invest in front-end cash hearing to make sure we move people through the lines, but there is peak days and peak hours during the days where we expect to have lines, and we'll do our best to move people through. That's mainly in high-volume stores and again, on peak days. But we feel good about the strategies we put in place during the holidays. 
Operator: I will turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. We wish all of you and your families a happy, healthy and safe holiday season. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-19 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management, followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call may contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future operations and financial results, store openings and reopenings and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements and from historical performance or current expectations. Additional information about related risk factors is included in today's press release and in the company's fiscal 2019 Form 10-K and fiscal 2020 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President, Chief Operating Officer; Travis Marquette, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations. We will begin our call today with an update on the status of the company's operations, including some color on our store reopenings, followed by a review of our second quarter performance. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As a reminder, all store and distribution center locations were closed from March 20 through May 14, when we began a phased process of resuming operations. On average, our stores were open for about 75% of the quarter, though operating on shorter hours compared to the prior year. All our distribution centers were reopened by the end of May.
 The ongoing COVID-19 health crisis remains very fluid, and we continue to closely monitor local developments to assess any potential changes to our operations as mandated by local, state or other government directives. We remain committed to prioritizing the health and well-being of our associates and customers as we navigate through this pandemic.
 Turning now to our financials. Total sales for the second quarter were $2.7 billion compared to $4 billion in the prior year, reflecting the negative impact from store closures during the period. Comparable store sales were down 12% for reopened stores from the date of the reopening to the end of the fiscal quarter. Sales during the quarter were significantly impacted by several factors including COVID-19's negative effect on consumer demand, particularly in California, Florida, and Arizona, which represents about 50% of our store base.
 Further, during the initial reopenings, overall sales were ahead of our conservative plans as we benefited from pent-up demand and aggressive markdowns to clear aged inventory. In the weeks thereafter, trends were negatively impacted from depleted store inventory levels, while we were ramping up our buying and distribution capabilities. For the 13 weeks ended August 1, 2020, earnings per share were $0.06 on net income of $22 million. This compares to net income of $413 million or earnings per share of $1.14 for the same period last year. Year-to-date, the loss per share was $0.81 versus earnings per share of $2.29 last year.
 Our net loss of $284 million is compared to net income of $834 million in the first half of 2019. Sales for the first 6 months of 2020 declined 42% to $4.5 billion. At quarter end, total consolidated inventories were down 39% from the prior year, with average store inventories down 10% versus the same period last year.
 Packaway levels at quarter end were 25% of the total compared to last year's 43% as we use packaway to replenish store inventory throughout the quarter. As planned, we did not open any new stores in the second quarter. We continue to expect to add about 39 locations this fall for a total of 66 new stores for the full year.
 Now Travis Marquette will provide further color on our second quarter results. 
Travis Marquette: Thank you, Barbara. As Barbara noted, stores operated on average for 75% of the period with comparable store sales down 12% versus last year from the date of their reopenings to the end of the fiscal quarter. The decline was driven by a lower number of transactions that was partially offset by a larger average basket size. Average unit retail was down during the period, reflecting the strong sell-through of deeply discounted aged inventory.
 Operating margin for the quarter was 3.2% compared to 13.7% last year. Both cost of goods sold and selling, general and administrative expenses reflect the deleveraging effect from lower sales versus last year and expenditures for COVID-19-related measures. In addition, cost of goods sold was impacted by the unfavorable timing of packaway-related expenses. These higher costs were somewhat offset by the partial reversal of the inventory valuation reserve we took in the first quarter resulting from the faster-than-expected sell-through of aged inventory. This reversal benefited the second quarter by $174 million or $0.19 per share.
 Total net COVID-related expenses for the quarter in cost of goods sold and SG&A combined were approximately $65 million, primarily for costs associated with restarting the business, supplies, cleaning and payroll related to additional safety protocols.
 We ended the quarter in a healthy financial position with over $4.3 billion in liquidity, which includes an ending unrestricted cash balance of about $3.8 billion and an undrawn $500 million revolver.
 As we move into the third quarter, trends have not materially changed from the second quarter, with comparable store sales for the first 2.5 weeks trending down mid-teens versus last year. Given the lack of visibility on the potential impact from this ongoing health crisis, we are not providing sales or earnings guidance.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Travis. Aside from the pandemic impact on consumer demand, as initial reopening sales significantly exceeded our conservative forecast, we were unable to ramp up our buying and distribution capabilities quickly enough to adequately replenish stores. As Travis mentioned earlier, the ongoing COVID-19 health crisis remains extremely uncertain, and we have limited insight into how this pandemic could further impact consumer demand and the retail and economic landscape. There is additional risk if COVID-19 cases remain elevated or increased, potentially prompting larger scale shutdowns of our operations. Given these uncertainties, we believe the most prudent approach is to plan and manage the business very cautiously, while continuing to prioritize the health and safety of our customers and associates.
 As we move forward during this challenging period, we remain confident that our strong financial foundation and outstanding team of experienced off-price executives will help see us through these uncertain times.
 Over the longer term, we remain well positioned as an off-price retailer to continue to gain market share given the large number of retail store closures and consumers' continued focus on value and convenience. We've proven in the past that we have successfully competed in this type of retail environment and believe we will do so again.
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Great. Barbara, on the cadence of customer traffic that you've seen since reopening, how much of the recent moderation do you attribute to health concerns versus the lighter inventory that you cited? And larger picture, do you believe anything in the competitive landscape has changed as we think about market share beyond the pandemic? 
Michael Hartshorn: Matt, it's Michael Hartshorn. On the recent trends, I think there's a number of factors that are impacting what we're seeing currently. I certainly think there are things internally that we can focus on in terms of execution. We're still not where we want to be on ramping up the DCs and continue to have lower receipts than planned. I do think there are external factors that include things like the expiration of unemployment that happened at the end of July, obviously, with no back-to-school as the country has moved to distance learning. I think those are the primary factors.
 And looking on long-term growth, obviously, the pre-COVID trend had customers migrating to value and convenience. And this disruption just accelerated those trends with a number of store closures, our value proposition and 1,800 and growing conveniently located store locations, I think we have a significant opportunity to gain market share over the longer term. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just a follow-up on gross margin. How best to think about the puts and takes on merchandise margins in the back half of the year? Any help would be really greatly appreciated. 
Travis Marquette: Yes. Sure, Matthew. This is Travis. In terms of the margin components for this quarter, similar to last quarter, given the significant deleveraging effect of having our stores closed for a portion of the quarter, we're not providing specific margin components. The puts and takes this quarter, I covered in my remarks. And then in terms of the go-forward look, again, given the ongoing uncertainty, we're not providing any forward guidance or commentary on future margins right now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Altschwager from Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: I was hoping you could touch on some of the current inventory dynamics. What does availability look like in the marketplace, just both in general and in some of the stronger trending categories? And how do you feel about your ability to really chase back into some of these key categories should the demand backdrop recover faster than you're seeing right now? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Overall, we continue to see a lot of supply out there, but it's not as consistent across the merchandise areas. We believe that these creates opportunities in some products in some areas and gaps in other areas. In terms of stronger trendier categories, that's kind of a broad question. But I would say in most businesses, there has been supply in that -- without having what that trendy category is, kind of hard to comment on it. But what I would say is that in key categories, the merchants are out there chasing every day, and we have very conservative plans that they're working towards. And I think over time, in the categories that have, I'll say, gaps in the assortment today, I think eventually, that will catch up. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Just following up on that question, when do you think you'll be appropriately stocked? And then as you look at your packaway volumes, do you feel comfortable with the mix and content of that inventory that it's appropriate for the current environment? 
Michael Hartshorn: Lorraine, on the stocking, I'm going to go through the sequence of the quarter, and that will help explain the actions that we're taking to get inventory levels that are appropriate for the plan. When we first began our phased opening of stores, that's the first thing we did, and then we opened our DCs. And we did it in that order because of government restrictions in California and actually Pennsylvania at that point in time. Because sales exceeded our conservative expectations when we reopened, at the same time, we were ramping and initially opening and initially ramping our DCs, the result was the depleted store inventory. The initial ramp-up of our distribution centers took longer than we had hoped. And we've had further difficulty ramping up our DCs to full capacity due to staffing challenges.
 We've taken aggressive steps to improve our production levels that include higher wages and incentives. And believe those actions will allow us to quickly -- more quickly ramp up to peak capacity over the next few months. So I think we would expect to see improvement as we progress through the quarter. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the content of packaway, I mean, we're pleased with the content the pathway we have now. We don't feel like we have any residual issues or anything from spring. As to Michael's point, we used packaway to drive our business in Q2 and got through everything. So of the levels that we own, we feel fine about the content. And in terms of just packaway in general, the merchants, as you know, packaway fluctuates normally. And the merchants are out there chasing packaway now looking for spring product, current product, whatever the great deals are, because the most important thing about packaway is that what you own is really great content. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. Barbara, I was very interested in what you said about the state that are seeing particular impacts from COVID, California, Arizona, Texas and Florida. You talked about in the second quarter that your store openings were in that -- the store opening days, you were comping down 12%. Did you see a worse result in those 4 markets than the company average at minus 12%? And then I just wanted to reflect on what's happening currently here in August. And I wonder if there's any way for you to figure out if the current month-to-date mid-teens decline in sales trends is indicative of underlying consumer demand right now? Or are you seeing headwinds from either insufficient inventory levels that might be impacting your sales here in August, given that you're still ramping? Or another potential explanation could be that with this abnormal back-to-school that you referenced, maybe the kids business, juniors, young men's are underperforming, and other categories are doing better, and it's just a function of slow demand there. I'm just trying to break apart the pieces to understand a little bit more of the underlying drivers of the business, if you can provide any insight there? 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, it's Michael. On the regional trends, Texas, Florida, California and Arizona underperformed the rest of the chain by significant margins. Now part of that is driven by the resurgence in those areas during the quarter. So they had a significant impact on the overall performance. Trends in certain areas have improved as the cases improved. And then on the current trend, we do believe that part of the current trend is driven by lower-than-planned receipts with the DCs continuing to ramp up. So we do think that, that is a factor in the current trend. 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. And then as it pertains to the assortment and back-to-school, we plan those businesses very conservatively. We made the adjustments in the assortments that we thought were appropriate based on what was going on in the outside world with children going back-to-school or not. And obviously, we're still in back-to-school. So it's kind of hard to rate the total experience. But we went in with pretty conservative plans for back-to-school. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. Great, Barbara. And Michael, I just wanted to ask, to the extent that you think inventory levels or depressed inventory levels could be hurting current sales trends, is there a way for us to think about when over the next 1 or maybe 2 months, you would expect to be in a more -- in a better in-store inventory position that would be maybe reflective of where you'd like to have seen them today? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Kimberly. I think I would repeat my comment with Lorraine. We've taken aggressive actions in the DCs. We probably took them later than we should, but we do expect to -- we do expect those actions to improve our throughput and bring the levels up to peak capacity over the next couple months. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Janine Stichter from Jefferies. 
Janine Stichter: I wanted to ask a little bit about the complexion of the comp. I think you mentioned higher average basket and lower AUR. The average basket makes sense since we're hearing about shoppers consolidating their trips. Wondering if you're still seeing that towards the tail end of 2Q into 3Q? Or if the inventory shortages are having a role in maybe offsetting some of that? And then also AUR sounds like it was driven lower by some of the clearance activity earlier in the quarter. Wonder if the AUR should still be expected to be down in 3Q or if we could start to see that stabilize now that you're so clean on inventory? 
Travis Marquette: This is Travis. In terms of the average basket, we do continue to see customers coming in a little bit less frequently but buying more when they do, so the average basket size continues to be up. That's sort of just generally towards the end of Q2. In terms of Q3, again, it's really early in the quarter. And I think it's really too early to draw trends, and we don't think we -- we're not providing further details on the breakdown of the sales, not at this time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kate Fitzsimons from RBC Capital Markets. 
Kate Fitzsimons: Travis, I believe you called out $65 million in COVID-related expenses in the quarter. Just directionally, as we move into the back half, is there any way to piecemeal how we should think about some of these enhanced cleaning, PPE, et cetera, as well as the labor piece. It sounds like in order to get the distribution centers more fully up and running, you're having to make some investments there. So just directionally, how should we think about some of these puts and takes, I guess, on the SG&A line as we move through the back half? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. Sure. A couple of comments. The $65 million was both, as a remainder, in SG&A as well as COGS. As you might have guessed, the majority of those were in SG&A as it related to personal protection equipment, sanitation supplies, payroll, et cetera. As I mentioned, a portion of those did relate to costs related to restarting the business. And so that portion, we wouldn't expect to repeat. Having said that, we do expect elevated levels of COVID expenses as we continue to move through the year. Your question, specifically on the DC investments, those were not part of the $65 million in Q2. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Paul Lejuez from Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: Curious about the packaway opportunities that you're seeing today compared to a normal period. Maybe talk in terms of good, better, best, maybe you talk home versus apparel. And I'm also curious about the initial margins that you expect on packaway based on the deals that you're seeing?
 And then second, just curious if you could talk about the number of new vendor opportunities you're seeing. Is there any way to quantify what you're seeing out there? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. In terms of packaway opportunities, I don't know if I really can tell you by a good, better, best. Home versus apparels, apparel tends to be more packaway than home on -- normally on a normal basis. I think there are opportunities that are not perhaps as balanced as they've been in the past. The supply out there isn't as consistent across merchandise areas as the way it normally is.
 So the opportunities that are out there are perhaps not quite as balanced. What I would say is there are more opportunities in the last couple of weeks that seems to be emerging. And so we're feeling like packaway is moving in the right direction.  But again, it's not necessarily as broad based as it normally is because of the gaps of supply that are out there, created by all the issues from COVID and the market and all the things that have gone on there.
 In terms of the margin, we don't really look at packaway as a margin driver. We look at packaway as a sales driver. So in terms of -- if you're asking about pricing as it pertains to packaway, the merchants are out always looking for great deals on packaway. So packaway tends to be prices that are very sharp normally and is also something that we use to drive value into the stores. So in terms of a margin scenario, if we bought something that was a great deal, we would probably pass it along to the customer. Again, we use it as a sales driver.
 In terms of new vendors, obviously, we have a large merchant team, 900 merchants out there looking to open new resources, open new vendors. Situations like this, obviously, create opportunities, and sometimes people are a little bit more open to listen. And so we're out there now looking for new vendors and to see if we can expand the vendor base. And so that's kind of ongoing. And I think we'll continue to be ongoing. But that is a focus for merchants every day of the week is to try to expand the vendor base. 
Paul Lejuez: Got it. And then just 1 follow-up. When we hear you talk about some gaps out there? Are the goods you want not available to you? Or were you just slower to bring demand than you should have been? 
Barbara Rentler: Two things. Well, the goods that are available as all closeouts are, closeouts are never consistent amongst every business any season, any year. I think this year, there's just been -- with everything that's gone on, which I know you're versed on in the market, in factories overseas. And there seems to be, I'll say, some bigger pockets. In terms of the pace at which we're buying it, I would say that when the -- when we reopen the stores, in retrospect, in hindsight, we probably could have gone out and started to buy a little bit sooner than we did as we started to ramp the stores back up.
 We didn't anticipate the consumer demand the way it turned out to be. So I feel like there was probably an opportunity that we could have done that a little bit better. But I'm not necessarily sure that, that would have impacted the assortment because I think the -- some of the gaps are just some -- they're just some big gaps. This classification is a business where they're there, and some where there's not. And our expectation is that over time, it will be a little bit more reasonable as vendors -- many vendors didn't commit and bring in some goods. And so it puts us in a chase. And the merchants are out there chasing and have been chasing since we opened, both for packaway or to flow-in stores. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Simeon Siegel from BMO Capital Markets. 
Simeon Siegel: Understanding all that there's obviously uncertainty today and quite along in the future. But on the back of these inventory conversations, do you have a view on what the broader pricing or promotional environment should look like going forward as thinking of holiday, which I know feels like it's so far ahead? And then just -- sorry for the dumb question. As you -- it's great that you had that packaway products to replenish the stores during the depletion. Any reason you wouldn't have gotten further into the packaway. Is that just seasonality? Or is there something other reason on this? 
Barbara Rentler: I couldn't hear the last part of your question on packaway you kind of faded out. I just need you to say the same thing over again, that would be great, the packaway piece. 
Simeon Siegel: Yes. Sorry. Just wondering, it's great that you were able to use the packaway to fill the stores. Is there any reason you didn't go deeper? And if the answer is seasonality then that 
 your answer -- easy answer or something else on? 
Barbara Rentler: Meaning go deeper, meaning release work. 
Simeon Siegel: Yes. Bring more into the stores. 
Barbara Rentler: I think the packaway releases were what we thought was appropriate to flow to the stores at the time. So packaway is not it's a broad assortment of products that we put into the hotel. And so you flow them based off of what's the right timing, right product to the floor. So depending upon what the products were, that's how we flow it. Is not -- every business doesn't have packaway to it. Some of that packaway in the hotel could have been for fall.
 So we flowed what we thought was appropriate, and we flowed what we thought we needed to get through to make sure that we came in clean into the fall season. And that we weren't carrying residual products that we didn't want to have. So that's what determined what we released and how we released it.
 In terms of the promotional environment, I would expect that promotions will continue. It's a highly competitive environment. Retailers are trying to clear through all their excess inventory. And there'll be a long liquidation activity also coming from store closures, bankruptcy announcements. So our expectation is that it will be a promotional environment as we go forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Marni Shapiro from Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Best of luck getting through the next couple of weeks of back-to-school. But can I ask you a question with -- I think you mentioned that transactions were down, and I'm assuming that's due to foot traffic, not conversion, but if you would confirm that? And then if you could talk a little bit about operationally, what your thoughts are on opening up the stores for longer hours, raising capacity levels as you get in closer to the peak season? And what are your thoughts around that, even if it's specific to just we'll extend it on the weekends, maybe not during the week. I'm just curious what your thinking is. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Marni. On transactions and conversions, we don't measure conversion. We use transactions as our proxy for traffic. So we don't measure that. On -- in terms of hours, so we did when we opened significantly reduced the hours we operate. We operated from 10 to 7. So we think that had some impact on the performance. As we move through the quarter, we have extended hours to 9 o'clock across the chain currently. And we haven't yet developed our hours for the holiday season. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexandra Walvis from Goldman Sachs. 
Alexandra Walvis: Barbara, you mentioned in the prepared remarks there was a lot of uncertainty. Of course, heading into back-to-school and then to holiday. Can you talk a little bit about how you're planning the business into the second half, perhaps you referenced to the mid-teen to down mid-teens trend that you're seeing at the moment?
 And then my second question is on logistics costs. How are you expecting those to trend going forward? 
Travis Marquette: On logistics cost, given the wage increases, certainly in the back half of the year, we would expect to grow. But we also have cost savings throughout the business, including the distribution centers because as we staff up, we'll be able to improve our productivity as well. 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. Could you do me a favor? Just repeat the back-to-school question because I didn't capture the first part of it. Could you say that again, please? 
Operator: It will be one moment while I locate the line. 
Alexandra Walvis: Now I was just wondering how conservatively you're planning the business into the back half, given all of the uncertainty about consumer behavior as we head into that important holiday season? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. We plan to continue to manage the business conservatively. I mean given all the ongoing COVID-19-related risks, including potential for additional rounds of store closures and distribution center closures. So our plan is to plan it conservatively and to chase our way back. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Drbul from Guggenheim. 
Robert Drbul: Two quick questions, if I could. The first 1 is, can you just give us an updated thought process around the resumption of a dividend or share repurchase? And the second question, I think, follows Alex's a bit. But when you think about the uncertainty that you have, can you just maybe talk about how you're planning sort of fall, winter, colder weather-type products in the back half with everything else that's going on? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. Sure. This is Travis. Just with regard to the dividend and the share repurchase program, again, there's still, as we've mentioned several times, significant uncertainty in the market. We don't know what's going to happen with COVID, with consumer demand. And we really would need greater visibility on sales and the sustainability of those sales before we would start to consider or evaluate reinstituting either of those. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of how we're planning fall or winter products in the back half, we're planning the entire business conservatively. And so we would look at each 1 of those businesses, I'm assuming outerwear, sweaters, those type of businesses and plan them relative to the conservative plan. So we would have an assortment on the floor. And then if business took off at a greater rate than we expected, we would come back and chase some of those products. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Binetti from Crédit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Okay. Michael, are you seeing any difference in the trend line in the markets where the schools have announced virtual versus in-person? It sounds like that could have been a driver. Any evidence as the school systems are communicating in the local markets that back-to-school is showing up or it's a little late? And then I don't know if some of the schools are already passed back to school. Have you seen any improvement as you kind of move pass the back-to-school season in some of the southern markets at all? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. Michael, we wouldn't talk about current trends going into the quarter. We obviously gave the top line trend to give you an indication of what's going on overall. I'd say there's so many factors that we're seeing in the sales between the virus resurgence and unemployment trends and other things, I think it's really hard to see right now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Kernan from Cowen. 
John Kernan: Can you comment on your ability to get back into product and inventory if the environment, as we go through the back half of the year does improve from a traffic perspective? Obviously, see the inventory position now being pretty lean. So I'm just curious, the speed at which you can ramp back up and get goods into stores throughout the back half of the year? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. It's a good question. Obviously, we plan the business very conservatively. We think we've done that strategically. And we think that an appropriate approach to managing our business risk given these uncertain times. We've always -- as we always do, we'll chase the business with closeouts and supplement with packaway, and that is ordinary course of business for us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: I mean obviously, we hope that this is a once in a lifetime event. But does the problem with getting inventory in stores quickly enough highlight a potential to build in more direct ship from vendors to stores so that you can be more flexible going forward if demand doesn't line up with your prior expectations? Or is this something that once DCs are running at full tilt shouldn't be a long-term problem? 
Michael Hartshorn: I think it's the latter. Once we have the DCs running at full tilt, we do not think it's a longer-term issue. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Roxanne Meyer from MKM Partners. 
Roxanne Meyer: Great. I wanted to ask about any color you can provide on trends by category. Several of your peers have talked about the strength of home. And then related to that as a follow-up, you mentioned that you planned back-to-school business accordingly. So I was just wondering how comfortable you feel about your mix of goods in the store and your need to perhaps pivot categories to get to an ideal mix? And when you think that could be, if you're not there? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. Let me start with the trends by merchandise, et cetera. Again, given the phased reopening of the stores and, in particular, the significant impact of clearance sales on results for the quarter, it's really hard to get a clear sense of product trends. So one thing that's clear is that the consumer during the quarter was very much more focused on home as opposed to apparel. 
Barbara Rentler: What I think you're at, Roxanne, also is just where are we seeing the shifts in product, where is the consumer heading versus where she's been. So yes, I would say, to Travis' point, home is certainly a place that the consumer has flocked to and is a business that we believe in. And actually, home gets bigger, as you know, as you enter into the fourth quarter. I would think also in apparel, the shift that we're starting to see, which I think everyone is starting to see, is the consumer moving more towards casual products, activewear, athletic wear, as perhaps she's working remotely now.
 And so making that pivot in that shift is where we're going. We normally have a large casual business. Our carrier businesses have never been the biggest part of our apparel at Ross ever. And so for us, it's really about shifting even more dollars over there as the consumer has moved in that direction. And that's what we would see in the back-to-school businesses like the juniors or young men, you would see that same shift on the floor now and a continued shift because that is the bulk of where those businesses are for us normally. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about the dd's business, are you seeing the same trends at dd's as you are -- as compared to Ross? And then as you think about your vendor base, Barbara, is this an opportunity to also expand the vendor base? And are terms of payments at all being adjusted permanently in the industry from what happened in the short term? 
Michael Hartshorn: Dana, on dd's, I'd say that dd's experienced somewhat similar performance as Ross, the supply chain and buying ramp-up issues impacted the entire company and that included both Ross and dd's. 
Barbara Rentler: And from a vendor based perspective, obviously, we're always trying to expand the vendor base. And usually, when business is difficult is when there are often more potential opportunities to expand that base, so the merchants are focused on trying to do that every day and particularly now.
 In terms of terms and adjustments permanently in the industry, I think I really couldn't comment on what globally that looks like for the entire industry. I think there's been a lot going on in the last few months. And so I think everyone is reacting to what they need to do for the business, but I really can talk about a permanent shift in the industry. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Merriman from Bernstein. 
Jamie Merriman: Barbara, when you're talking about sort of pivoting to categories that are strong. Just can you just talk a little bit about how that works and the timing in terms of how often buying budgets are allocated? I'm just really wondering like how quickly you could really pivot assortments, if necessary? And then you talked in your prepared remarks about thinking through and sort of weighing the risk of future shutdowns. So -- and given your comments around the DC locations of California and Pennsylvania, can you just remind us of where your big DCs are located? And if there are sort of risk mitigation strategies you can put in place if there were say shutdowns that impacted the California DCs? 
Michael Hartshorn: On the DCs about a little -- over half of our capacity is on the West Coast. We have DCs in the Bakersfield Central Valley area, 1 DC there, several in Riverside. We also have a DC in Pennsylvania and 2 in South Carolina. If we had to shut down the California DCs, it would have a significant impact on the chain.
 As far as mitigation strategies, obviously, it's going to be important for us in our future growth. Our next DC opens in Houston. We'll have another DC somewhat after that, that we would expect to be non-California. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. And in terms of pivoting to categories that are strong, how quick you can do it? I mean it literally depends on each category in each size range and gender. So I couldn't give you a specific time. But what I would tell you is that we would be more aggressively pursuing those categories base -- and then based off of supply in the shorter term, we would drive it as much as we can. And in the longer term, what will usually happens is when there is a trend shift, the market follows that trend shift and then the supply all naturally kind of goes there. And so then you can take a bigger lift than perhaps you can initially as the market recognizes what's working and what's not working themselves. 
Operator: your next question comes from Jay Sole from UBS. 
Jay Sole: Barbara, my question is you mentioned there's a lot of near-term factors impacting the trend in the third quarter so far, back-to-school, like a stimulus, the inventory issue, the rising COVID cases. But to what extent do you think traffic is being impacted by perhaps customers going online and finding bargains there because they're just not comfortable coming to the stores right now?
 And then Michael, just want to follow-up on the question about the DC staffing. Can you just explain a little bit more about what the challenges have been about? Is it people not coming back? Were they furloughed? And then when you tried to bring them back they just -- they weren't -- they found other jobs, or they just didn't want to come back, so you've had to raise wages? If you could just explain that a little bit more, that would be appreciated. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On the DCs, we did furlough our associates, and we operate the DCs with both temp labor and perm labor -- permanent labor for surge capacity. We did see our permanent workforce good retention in returning from furlough. But I suspect with the surge of e-commerce and the impact of commerce coming back post closure. The warehousing competitive labor market has increased quickly and significantly. So I think those are the main factors on what's driving the DC staffing shortfall. I would also add that in a COVID environment, we want to make sure that people are safe, and we don't want them coming to work if sick. So there's also things like attendance that we're addressing as well. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the impact of online in our business, I think that's hard for us to measure the exact relationship of that. Obviously, online business has been very good, especially in essential businesses and core basics and things like that. But I think it's hard for me to put a number to what that impact could be to our current business trend. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: I'll follow-up on Jay's question, but I'll ask it differently. Not necessarily e-commerce, but I know you guys, I'm sure you have good communication with your customers. When you talk to them about why they're not coming back as much as they did last year, is it between the COVID concerns, the economy and maybe the customer lost their job or income of the family has gone down? And then thirdly, your own inventory shortage, not having the right stuff in store. Do you know which is the main factor? Like is there a rank order of those? Is there any way you kind of talk to that? 
Michael Hartshorn: Ike, I would say, it's hard to break out between those components. I think it's very clear that the #1 factor is the impact of the virus. As we said in our comments, that the markets that were impacted the most were also the markets that had the largest outbreak. So I think that's clear that, that's the #1 factor. But I don't want to minimize. We think we could have done things better during the quarter. So there are factors that we talked about with inventory that we think we can impact. So the bottom line is we're going to work on our own execution and do the things that we can do to impact the business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chuck Grom from Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: Just one quick one for me. Just I'm curious, just in those FCAT states, if you're still seeing subdued sales here in August or if they were -- hope they have recovered back to sort of the national average? 
Travis Marquette: I didn't hear the first part of the question. 
Charles Grom: Just on the sales in those FCAT states. I'm just wondering if the sales are covered, Florida, California, Texas, Arizona. 
Travis Marquette: In those states, they continue to trail the chain. We have seen some small improvement. 
Operator: And your last question comes from Adrienne Yih from Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Barbara, I was wondering if you can talk about if we are in a reduced traffic environment as we go into the holiday season, changes to the store operating procedures for Black Friday and then into the critical pre-holiday weeks, any changes to hours or traffic-driving events or something of that sort? And then for Michael or Travis, if you can talk about what portion is distribution center payroll versus total payroll, like employee payroll, not including corporate headquarters? I imagine you're not seeing as much of that wage pressure at the store payroll line, but if you can talk about anything, did people come back or didn't come back similar to the DCs? Or is that normalized? 
Michael Hartshorn: I'll try to hit through those. I'm going to go in reverse order. We're not seeing the same issues in the stores, and that's likely -- again, the DCs were impacted by the surge in e-commerce with the closures of a number of bricks-and-mortar retailers. We're not having that same issue in the stores. And then in terms of holiday plans, we wouldn't discuss those at this point as we're still working through those plans. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of events, Black Friday, we don't really run events. Our thing is that we want to make sure that we have great branded values on the floor. And obviously, our inventories levels go up in that time period. And that's what the customer values, and that's what we look to do to drive traffic is just having great branded bargains on the floor. 
Operator: And I will turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. We wish you and your families continued health and safety. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-20 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores First Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call may contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future operations and financial results, including store openings and reopenings and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements and from historical performance or current expectations. 
 Additional information about related risk factors is included in today's press release and in the company's fiscal 2019 Form 10-K and fiscal 2020 Form 8-K is on file with the SEC. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President and Chief Operating Officer; Travis Marquette, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with an update on the current status of the company's operations, including our store reopening plans, followed by a review of our first quarter performance and details of our financial position entering the second quarter. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 
 As a reminder, all store and distribution center locations were closed from March 20 through the quarter end to help prevent the ongoing spread of the coronavirus. Further, our corporate and buying offices were also closed with most associates continuing to work remotely. With the closure of our retail operations, we made the difficult but necessary decision to temporarily furlough the majority of our store and distribution center associates as well as some other employees across the business effective April 5. 
 More recently, on May 14, we began a phased process of reopening stores on a market-by-market basis. This followed a careful review of current guidance from health officials and advisers as well as federal, state and local governments. Approximately 700 stores have reopened, since with the remaining stores expected to be reopened over the coming weeks. Our top priority will always be the health and well-being of our associates and customers, and we will only reopen stores when it is safe to do so. 
 Further, the state of the pandemic remains very dynamic, and these plans could change materially as we cautiously move forward. As we restart operations, we are implementing a variety of measures with the goal of keeping our associates, customers and the communities we serve, safe. These measures will include additional cleaning and sanitation of stores and workspaces, providing associates with personal protective equipment based on CDC or other health guidelines and implementing physical distancing practices. 
 We will also be reopening and ramping up our distribution center network in the coming weeks. In addition, we expect to reopen our corporate and buying offices in the coming months. As with our stores, we are putting in place additional health and safety measures across all areas of these facilities. 
 Turning now to our financials. As noted in today's press release, our first quarter results reflect the unprecedented impact the COVID-19 pandemic has had on our business which led to the closure of all stores from March 20 through the end of the quarter and of our first quarterly loss in more than 30 years. Total sales for the quarter were $1.8 billion, down from $3.8 billion in the prior year. Given that stores were open for less than 7 weeks of the 13-week period, the comparable store sales metric is not meaningful for the quarter. For the 13 weeks ended May 2, 2020, we incurred a loss per share of $0.87 versus earnings per share of $1.15 for the same period last year. 
 The net loss for the period was $306 million versus net income of $421 million last year. In addition to the significant negative impact due to the lack of revenue from the closure of all stores beginning March 20, our operating loss also includes a onetime noncash inventory valuation charge relating to the portion of the inventory that we now expect to sell below our original cost. As we ended the quarter, total consolidated inventories, net of this valuation charge were down 3% over the prior year with packaway levels at 42% of the total compared to last year's 44%. 
 Average in-store inventories were up 1% at quarter end versus the same period last year. Turning to store growth. We opened 20 Ross and 7 dd's DISCOUNTS locations in the first quarter and ended the period with 1,832 total stores. Given the significant uncertainty of consumer behavior and shopping patterns as stores reopen, we will not open new stores in the current quarter and now expect to open about 39 stores this fall for a total of 66 new stores for the full year. 
 Now Travis Marquette will provide further color on our first quarter results and details on our financial position entering the second quarter. 
Travis Marquette: Thank you, Barbara. As Barbara mentioned earlier, we reported a net loss of $306 million or $0.87 per share for the first quarter. Operating margin for the period reflects the impact of the significant revenue decline from our store closures as well as a onetime noncash inventory valuation charge of $313 million or $0.58 per share. 
 As a reminder, we are on the lower of cost or net realizable value method of accounting for inventory, which provides that most markdowns are recognized when inventory is sold unless the markdown takes the item's value below costs. The onetime valuation charge in the first quarter reflects our estimate of inventory that we expect to sell below cost in the coming months. This first quarter reserve, therefore, reflects only a small portion of the total markdowns, we believe will be necessary to sell through the existing spring inventory. We expect that the vast majority of markdown activity will occur in the second quarter. It is important to note that the ultimate impact of these markdowns will depend on the pace of sell-through as we move through the quarter. 
 Now let's discuss our current financial position and balance sheet. As noted in our press release, in response to the severe economic disruption created by the COVID-19 pandemic, we quickly took decisive actions to increase our liquidity and financial flexibility. These included drawing down $800 million under our existing revolving credit facility, completing a $2 billion senior unsecured public bond offering and obtaining a new undrawn $500 million revolving credit facility. As previously announced, we suspended our stock repurchase program on March 19. Before doing so, we repurchased 1.2 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of about $132 million. We have no plans to repurchase shares for the remainder of the year. In addition, we also announced today the suspension of our quarterly dividend payments. We are also aggressively cutting costs throughout the company by minimizing nonbusiness critical operating expenses, rightsizing our merchandise receipt and inventory plans and reducing capital expenditures to further enhance our liquidity. 
 Capital expenditures for this year are now projected to be approximately $420 million, down from our initial guidance of $730 million. We ended the quarter in a strong financial position with over $3 billion in liquidity, which includes an ending unrestricted cash balance of about $2.7 billion and the new $500 million revolver. As Barbara mentioned earlier, we are in the early stages of resuming operations by reopening groups of stores as it becomes safe to do so over the coming weeks. 
 However, we have no visibility on how quickly consumer demand will recover and the impact this will have on store traffic. Given these unknowns, we are not providing second quarter sales and earnings guidance or an updated annual fiscal 2020 outlook at this time. Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Travis. We want to reiterate that given the extraordinary global health crisis created by COVID-19, the safety and wellbeing of our associates and customers will always be of the utmost important to us. Considering the uncertainty on how this health crisis could impact consumers, we believe it is prudent to take a conservative approach to managing our business. 
 Looking ahead, I want to emphasize that we have a deep bench of proven and experienced leaders throughout the business. And as Travis noted, a very strong financial foundation. We also see significant opportunities in the marketplace to acquire some of the best brands ever -- bargains ever. Longer term, we remain well positioned in the off-price sector and believe consumers will continue to favor retailers focused on delivering both value and convenience, all this makes us confidence in our ability to successfully navigate through these challenging times. 
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I know it's early days on the store openings, but I was wondering if you could just provide some performance details for those stores that have been open, how they're trending? 
Michael Hartshorn: Hi, Lorraine, it's Michael Hartshorn. Stores for us have been reopened less than a week. So we wouldn't provide commentary at this point. Beyond the initial openings though, as Travis talked about in his commentary, there's a number of factors that will impact consumer demand post opening, including the economy on the backside of commerce reopening, changes to customer behaviors, impact of social distancing and certainly, the competitive environment among others. So at this point, we can't predict what's going to happen after we reopen the stores for the remainder of the year. We do believe, though, there'll be a negative impact on consumer demand throughout the remainder of the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Altschwager from Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: I was hoping you could talk a bit more about the process of realigning inventory. Obviously, you took the write-down here in the quarter. How long do you think it will take to clear through some of the seasonally inappropriate goods and make room for fresh inventory? And then just any context on how aggressive you're being with purchases in the marketplace today? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. In terms of inventory, again, given the fact that our stores were closed for 2 months, we do have a substantial amount of aged seasonal goods. Again, with the abrupt closure of the stores and the significant broad-based decline and trends leading immediately preceding the stores, again, inventories were misaligned. So in that light, we reviewed our inventory position and assessed the markdown risk that we had. And have recorded in the first quarter, the portion of markdowns that we believe will be below cost. In terms of ultimately what the sell-through and how long it will take to move through those, again, it really depends. We don't have a crystal ball. We don't know how quickly the consumer will return to our stores. As Michael mentioned, there's a lot of economic factors that will influence that. 
 And ultimately, as I mentioned, the impact of the markdowns will depend on what that rate of sell-through is as we move through the quarter. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of fresh inventory in the stores, obviously, we're just first opening our stores now and trying to liquidate the goods that are in the stores and also the goods that were in process outside the DCs and in the DCs. So we need to first work through that. The merchants have not been actively buying in the marketplace. They've been staying very close to their vendors. And after we understand a little bit more about what sales and sell-throughs can look like, we will go back into the market, I would say, with a very surgical lens of what it is we need and what we can understand of what we think the customer wants. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kate Fitzsimons from RBC Capital Markets. 
Kate Fitzsimons: I guess, an extension of the last question is just when you are finally willing to go back into the marketplace and buy, how are you evaluating category opportunities on the other side of this? We've heard from some peers about home outperforming, maybe more than fashion apparel. So just curious to maybe how industry trends could be dictating how you will be buying in -- out of the gate? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Category opportunity. First, I think we have to see as we sell through our inventory, what the customer is voting for, whether it's apparel or home. The home business overall has had a trend for a long period of time, one would expect that home, go forward, would still be a good category, especially as people are kind of home nesting and buying things that perhaps they normally might buy. But with that, it will really depend on what the opportunities are out there in both apparel and in home. We see a lot of goods out there. We're anticipating that there'll be a lot of great closeouts and branded bargains for the customer. So I don't want to put sides around saying it's one business versus the other. I think in this environment, a lot of the deals may dictate where the sales would come from. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez from Citigroup. 
Tracy Kogan: It's Tracy Kogan filling in for Paul. I was wondering if you guys could talk about how you're thinking about packaway in this environment? And maybe if you might be packing things away for less time than you normally would? And as a corollary to that, how quickly could you flow things into stores? 
Michael Hartshorn: On the speed, Tracy, on the speed, we can flow inventory from packaway very quickly, a matter of days through the DC and a matter of a week or 2 into the stores. 
Barbara Rentler: And just in terms of just the thought process around buying packaway, I'm assuming you may pack away that I could release earlier than packaway that it might not release till March of next year. Is that really your question? 
Tracy Kogan: Exactly. 
Barbara Rentler: I think it depends on what the product is, right? So in some classifications of product, there'll be goods that would be appropriate sooner than later. And in some products, some classifications, you would really have to hold it until the spring season, if it's truly spring product. So it varies based off of the classification and the gender, the timing, the whole thing. But there's a lot of product out there in total. So I would say there's a lot of choices, some of which probably could flow a little sooner. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I wanted to understand if you have excluded packaway from your inventory, how many weeks of inventory would you typically have on hand? Is it sort of 8 weeks or 10 weeks at normal sales volume? And then secondarily, are all of your distribution centers also reopening at this time? And as your stores are reopening, are you in a position to be able to actively flow inventory to stores now that you've got some of them opening? 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, on the distribution centers, we have management teams in all of our distribution centers and are ramping -- preparing to ramp up production, and that includes California, the Carolinas and also in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. So we're ready to start the DCs. In South Carolina, we've already started production and prepared to start backfilling stores as they need. 
Travis Marquette: In terms of in-store inventory turns, again, if you just focus on in-store only, our turns are quite quick. I don't think we've quantified that specifically in the past, but it would be significantly faster than if you're just trying to look at the total inventory metric on the balance sheet. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. Great. And lastly, I'm wondering if you have any comments on just how business was trending pre-COVID for either the month of February or the month of February and the first week of March, just any way to understand directionally how the business was moving before we went into this very, very unusual time. 
Travis Marquette: Sure. As we talked about previously, sales trends were above plan in February, and we felt good about sales up until early March when, I think, as we talked about, there was a very rapid deceleration just prior to when we closed our stores on March 20. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. Great. And lastly, is there any way for us to think about where you would expect second quarter inventory to land? And would you -- do you feel like you would be able to work through the aged inventory that you're sitting with today? Is it your expectation that you will have cleared through and moved through that aged inventory by the end of the second quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, on pace, our goal is to move through it in the second quarter. And we're going to operate the business very, very cautiously, both inventory, sales, expenses, capital, and we're going to put ourselves in a position of strength so that we can chase the business, leverage expenses. So we would expect inventory to be down at the end of the second quarter. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Adrienne Yih from Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Barbara, I was wondering if you can talk to us about comparisons to the post 2008, the 2009 and '10 recovery period? And what opportunity you see from potential bankruptcies, all at J. C. Penney? And then for Michael or Travis, if you can quickly talk about when you're opening the stores, just curious, how are you layering in payroll hours? How are you metering throughput? And then what's happening to the basket size? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. We wouldn't comment on basket size. Again, the stores have been only opened a week. Obviously, there's local regulations on how to meter in and out of the stores. We have security at the front of each store that's metering based on those predetermined occupancy limits, in most cases, we're below -- even below metering than what the restrictions require to make sure we keep customers and associates safe. 
 We have included payroll to make sure that we're keeping safe distances and trying to move people through the registers as appropriate. 
Barbara Rentler: And then in terms of a comparison to 2008, I think the current retail environment is different. Obviously, this crisis is much worse. We're expecting the recovery to be much slower. During the financial crisis, we didn't have to close stores. We didn't have to navigate through health and safety mandates, shelter in place, social distancing. So we think this is very different, and we think it will be a slow recovery on our way back. In terms of Penney's and bankruptcies, there's been a lot of bankruptcies I think long term, the way for us to think about it is that there's an opportunity for market share, particularly in the moderate portion of the business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Baker from Nomura. 
Michael Baker: Could you maybe discuss your fixed versus variable cost, including costs that fall into your cost of goods sold? And how might that change? Or will costs need to ramp up with some of the things you need to do to operate stores now in terms of cleanliness and other safety precautions? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. Sure. If you think about our total operating costs, which would include both cost of goods as well as G&A. The vast majority of those are variable costs. If you pull out the merchandise margin line, and just look at the remaining costs, it's roughly about 2/3 fixed and 1/3 variable. In terms of costs that we'll add, as Michael alluded to, we've talked about, there definitely will be additional costs that we will be working into the business, particularly around managing social distancing, additional cleaning tasks as well as significant cost for personal protective equipment. So those will be added to the business as we move forward. And we'll do -- we'll work as aggressively as we can to try to find offsets. We've taken a number of actions to identify cost savings already, and many of those will carry forward. 
 But I would expect costs will be a bit elevated related to those other factors. 
Michael Hartshorn: And I would just add that those safety investments are absolutely necessary as we prioritize health and safety for the associates and customers. So we would expect the new protocols to be in place for the foreseeable future. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Boss from JP Morgan. 
Matthew Boss: On merchandise margins, as we think about the cadence of the headwind this year, any way to size up or think about the magnitude of second quarter merchandise margin pressure relative to the back half of the year. And maybe just as importantly, what's your confidence in returning to 2019 gross margin levels? Is that a 2021 event? Or over what time frame is that a reasonable assumption to get back to where we were pre-pandemic? 
Michael Hartshorn: It's Michael. On getting back to pre-pandemic, there's just not enough visibility to give you a good answer on that at this point. The second quarter margin is going to be -- it's going to be based on the sell-through in these early days as we reopen the stores. So we'll see how that plays out and have more to report at the end of Q2. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Charles Grom from Gordon Haskett. 
Charles Grom: So there's a lot of talk out there about being -- just being one of the best buying opportunities in a long time and Barbara, you spoke to that during your prepared remarks. But there's also some talk in the channel about vendors starting to pack away their own inventory. So I guess I'm just curious if this changes the opportunity set for you? Or do you think it's more of a near-term phenomenon? 
Barbara Rentler: Let me start with there is a lot of merchandise in the market, and it's very broad-based. In terms of vendors saying that they're going to pack away goods, I think the majority of the vendors aren't really in the position to do that, that they really wouldn't have the -- be in the cash position to do it. I think maybe the large vendors can do it. 
 But if you take the market in total, I think that's not the majority of people. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Sole from UBS. 
Jay Sole: I got a question. The stores haven't been open for very long. So it's hard to get a read probably on how much traffic is going to return and how quickly. But have you done any market research over the last few weeks, trying to figure out how consumers may feel about the off-price shopping experience and the treasure-hunt experience in this world of social distancing. And if you think that they'll feel just as comfortable in your stores when things reopen as they were before the pandemic started? 
Barbara Rentler: Jay, we have seen customer research, maybe more generally, but it's really hard to read. When you have customers sitting at home versus returning, leaving their homes. I think their perspectives are going to be very different over time. And I think they're going to evolve very, very quickly. So it's really hard to rely on that data to make any decisions. I think the country opening very quickly, I think everything is evolving very fast. So it's hard to put a lot of reliance on that data. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Drbul from Guggenheim. 
Robert Drbul: Just a couple of questions for me. I think the first one is can you just update us on store opening plans for this year? Just sort of how you're thinking about that, both at Ross and at dd's. And I'd just be curious if this situation has changed your thought process at all? Or if there's any sort of way forward for any e-commerce business at Ross? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On store opening. So as we said in the commentary, in the first quarter, we did add 20 Ross, 7 dd's locations. For the balance of the year, we're not going to open stores in the second quarter based on where we are in the pandemic and based on the uncertainty. And then based on lease obligations and opportunities we have in fall, we're going to open 39 stores. So that's 66 new stores for the year, and that compares to our previous guidance of about 100 stores. 
 I'd say beyond that, at this time, we wouldn't comment beyond this year, but we still believe we have the opportunity to grow to 3,000 stores. And then on e-commerce, I'd say our view has not changed at this point. Our focus and efforts are going to be on safely and profitably reopening our bricks-and-mortar stores this year. 
Robert Drbul: Got it. And if I could just ask one more. In terms of like the vendors and your vendor partners, do you think that ones that are talking about packaway, do you think they'll be able -- they'll be good at it? Do you think that they're qualified to make good judgments on packaway? I don't know if you can just maybe give us some perspective on that Barbara. That would be helpful. 
Barbara Rentler: On when the vendor is packing away their own goods? 
Robert Drbul: Yes. Yes. 
Barbara Rentler: Just want to make sure. Listen, just because they haven't done it before, it doesn't mean they won't do it well. I would imagine that they go through and would assess the way we would assess what the mix of their inventory is and what they think can go forward into the next year. And depending upon what type of manufacturer I am, if I have basics, I might think I could carry those forward, but I might not want to carry forward my fashion goods. I would think there's -- be a lot of pieces of it that would be somewhat similar to our thinking in terms of just understanding what you think you can sell when you get to that period because when you're holding goods, it's critical to understand when I go to sell and there if you sell it or us release it, you know it's the right goods at the right time. 
 So I would imagine they're putting together a process of how they feel about their assortments and then making a judgment call. But again, I'm not a vendor. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: I guess just on the margins, I think you guys typically do a nice job of breaking down the gross margin line. I mean, at the very least, could you help us on merchandise margin versus store occupancy, merch margin, either including or excluding the write-down? And then Travis, I think you said merch margin pressure should be worse in Q2. And I guess I'm just trying to understand, should merch margins be where should gross margins be? Just -- I know you're not giving guidance, but just a little bit color on the margins, just to make sure we know how to model this out. 
Travis Marquette: Yes. In terms of total operating margin, again, the biggest impacts for the quarter were -- the biggest impact was just the low level of sales. That, combined with the valuation charge really is what drove the overall result. Given the significant deleverage related to sales, the details and the components of that really just aren't very meaningful. And so we don't think it's really relevant to provide that breakdown. 
 Your second question is around -- sorry, remind me of your second question? 
Irwin Boruchow: Just, I guess, merchandise margin trajectory, Q2 relative to Q1. 
Travis Marquette: Yes, relative to Q2. Again, it's going to completely depend on what the ultimate sell-through is of the product as we move through the quarter. As I mentioned, what the hit or the impact that we took in Q1 really just related to the below cost portion of those markdowns. And so the rest of the markdowns will be recognized as we sell the product in Q2, depending on how quickly that product sells is going to determine sort of what the ultimate value of the markdowns that we need to take and what gross margin looks like. But there is absolutely a risk that it could be depressed further in Q2. 
Michael Hartshorn: Ike, so in our markdown approach, we'll obviously take a first markdown. And then based on sales, the second markdown. And then we'll be very, very aggressive to liquidate the spring merchandise. So it's going to be highly dependent on how quickly we sell through the merchandise. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: I'm curious when you'll start to -- when you will have to start buying for fall and back to school? And Barbara, how would you -- what are the metrics or the factors that you'll use to decide how deep that buy should be? 
Barbara Rentler: How big the buy will be or just how... 
Laura Champine: Exactly, exactly. 
Barbara Rentler: Just how big? Well, I think whenever you're buying, you're not necessarily buying to the size of the buy, you're buying to what you think you need and/or in our case, if it was a huge deal, we might pack it away. We're going to go into full with very conservative plans. And so we're going to buy -- we're going to control our speed of spending and the rate at which we buy goods since there's so much uncertainty out there. However, if there was a great deal, that we wanted to have, we thought the value was unbelievable and offers a customer a great branded bargain. It wouldn't stop us from making a large deal. But I think it depends. But in terms of the approach to the stores, we're going to go with a conservative plan, and we're going to control what we spend, how much we spend, again, unless something is incredible, and we want to buy it, in which case, part of it might turn out to be a packaway deal or not. But each deal is different. 
Laura Champine: And how much can you delay that buy for this fall? I mean when will you have to make your initial decisions on what to carry for back-to-school, what to buy for back-to-school? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, first of all, we could challenge what back-to-school is going to look like, right? I mean, right now, I'm not sure we even know when schools are going back, if schools are going back, if there's going to be children learning remotely. So I think that's the first question of whether there is a true back-to-school the way we know it, a traditional back-to-school. We're going to buy it as close as we can buy it, the way we normally do because, again, we still have this inventory in front of us that we have to liquidate. We're planning on liquidating. We're planning on getting through. So if I take the continuum, we have to open the stores, get through those goods and then come out and buy new goods for that July, August, September period, based on trend line we'd determine how much we would buy. So there's a lot of factors in there, but we're going into it, thinking it's a very conservative plan because we're not sure. How the customer is going to respond once all the stores are open and is she willing to shop and come back after we get through this huge liquidation period across the whole country. So I think it remains to be seen. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexandra Walvis from Goldman Sachs. 
Alexandra Walvis: My question was on negotiations with landlords. Can you talk about any rent deferrals that you achieved for April and into the second quarter? Will any permanent reductions perhaps be achieved? Or anything that you can share there would be very helpful. 
Michael Hartshorn: Alexandra, it's Michael. Our real estate relationships are obviously critical to the long-term success of the business. Like many other retailers, we are engaging with our landlord partners to negotiate either abatement or deferment of occupancy costs during the period of closure. At this point, we wouldn't get into the specifics at this point because the negotiations are ongoing across our fleet of landlords. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Binetti from Crédit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: First, I just wanted to try and clarify some of the language you had on gross margins earlier. So in this quarter, you took a charge of over $300 million, it looks like it's 1,600, 1,700 basis points of an impact to the grosses in the quarter. That was really just the -- you referred to that as a small part of it, Michael. So I want to see -- that's the inventory you estimate you'll be selling below cost, and then as you look to next quarter, we're not talking about an inventory reserve, we're talking about having to put inventory on markdown, I mean, sell it. But are you -- did you mean that, that impact of that could be similar to the order of magnitude of the charge in the first quarter? 
 And I'm not really trying to get you to commit to guidance for the company, but to compare this to some of the mainline stores, the department stores who I think that, that component will be as big as the reserve in the first quarter. Is that what you're saying it could be close to that size? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. So again, the portion that we recognize -- let me just kind of take a step back. Again, we are on the cost method of accounting. So typically, markdowns are only recognized in earnings when the product is sold. If the markdown takes the item below cost, then that portion that is below cost gets recognized immediately. So as we assessed our inventory position at the end of the quarter, the portion that we've recognized as of the end of Q1 is just the portion of markdowns that take the product below its original cost. 
Michael Hartshorn: And to be clear, it's what we expect to happen during the second quarter. It's not necessarily markdowns we've already taken below cost. 
Travis Marquette: Correct. Correct. Again, ultimately, the markdowns that we'll recognize in Q2 relate to as the product is sold, it depends on what the markdown is as it goes out the door. And so that's going to depend on the rate of sales. Obviously, we have first markdowns on that product now, depending on rate of sales, we'll take second markdowns and/or third markdowns. And depending on how deep those go that will determine the ultimate markdown impact. 
Michael Hartshorn: But to answer -- a short answer to your question, yes, it could be more than that in the second quarter. 
Michael Binetti: Relative to the dollar, okay. Okay. And then you mentioned some of the new costs related to sanitization and things like that in stores, COVID-related costs, but I'm wondering what are some of the other puts and takes that you see from here, as we back up and just take the aperture out a little bit, you've had a lot of pressure from wage gross that one would argue that with 20% of the country currently unemployed, don't know where that's going, but perhaps that's a little easier going forward. Things like freight and energy have been a pressure obviously, you have a very intense supply chain. Those look like they could be easier. Is there -- I mean do those -- are those big enough to -- those seem like they'd be more than enough to offset anything related to COVID as we roll through the year? 
 And then final question, just would love to know how your -- if you could help us think alongside you a little bit on how you will look at reinstating the dividend as you go, what are some of the earmarks you look for along the way? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. Let me -- this is Travis. Let me just cover a couple of those. In terms of cost savings, let me go through a couple of things you mentioned. In terms of wage rates, yes, obviously, the economic situation is very different, but it's important to remember that a lot of the wage rate pressure that we would be experiencing going forward relates to statutorily mandated minimum wage increases. And at least as of now, there's been no change in those, particularly California, but there are some other places. 
 Again, it's hard to say what's going to happen in the freight markets. Obviously, fuel rates are down, that could be helpful. But it's really hard to speculate exactly what's going to happen in terms of capacity and overall freight rates. So again, there are puts and takes, and it's -- we'll have to see how it plays out. But there's a lot of uncertainty. So we don't exactly know. In terms of reinstating the dividend, again, I think what's critical is that we're going to have to have a much greater visibility on sort of what the sales trend is, what the sustainability of those trends are and factor that in relation to the needs of the business over both the short and the long term. 
 And so there are a number of factors that we're going to look at before we would consider reinstating the dividend. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Marni Shapiro from Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: It's good to hear everybody's voices and glad you all sound okay. Could you just talk a little bit about the store openings? You -- clearly, you've slowed them for this year. I'm curious if you've signed those leases that you intended and are pushing them to next year? Or are those leases that weren't signed yet. And so there's opportunity if you want there to be, maybe at better prices maybe you don't open as many next year. I'm just curious where your thoughts are on that and how easy it was to push those -- push that number down to the 66? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On the openings this year, we made the decision not only on the lease obligations, but the cash to open the store. Many of those will get pushed into next year. And then as we get a better view of what the post-trend opening is as we move through the year, we'll certainly make pause on new leases that we'll sign for next year. But wouldn't comment further on how many stores that could be for next year at this point in time. 
Marni Shapiro: That makes sense. And then just 1 follow-up. Barbara, you talked about somebody asked about packaways and how the big -- how companies would do this. And I guess my follow-up there is, you do work with a lot of small and medium vendors, the ones that supply all the department stores, and we don't -- they're not publicly traded, and not everybody knows of them. Are you -- I guess, how are you working with these guys? They've been partners with you for a very long time. I'm curious how your relationship with those vendors are because some of them could be in very tenuous shape given all the cancellations, not just from you guys, but across all of retail? 
Barbara Rentler: Marni, I mean, obviously, we're working with all our vendors. The buyers haven't been buying. They've been keeping close relationships. And when we go back out into the marketplace, we'll obviously shop all those same people we've been shopping and doing business with for years and then see what opportunities are out there. I mean... 
Marni Shapiro: Right. Yes. I guess what else is there to do unless you're going to buy them and make them part of Ross Stores. Best of luck of opening everything. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think of the measure of fixed and variable expenses, with the thought of reopening and whether it's more limited hours or obviously the extra sanitation and treatment that's needed within a store to operate. How do you think about some of the expenses coming back into the fold? Do you need as much store staff as you had before? And with the combination of what you may be able to do on rents, is there an opportunity for a lower expense structure going forward in terms of how you're thinking about it? 
Travis Marquette: Dana, I think it's going to be difficult, at least as the world looks today to drive expenses significantly lower. Obviously, as we pull -- we are pulling back where we can. If I think about the store environment, we do have shorter hours that reduces cost to some extent. But we've always managed our stores pretty specifically to the sort of payroll demand by the stores. So there's not a lot of just blanket hours that we hand out. And so as we -- are we reopening and we need to take into account additional labor to manage social distancing, to complete cleaning tasks and other things. Again, that's going to have an impact on sort of overall cost for the stores. 
 So clearly, though, we are continuing to evaluate our total P&L, and we are continuing to look, even though we've taken a number of actions already to reduce costs. We continue to and will continue to evaluate where we can find savings across the P&L. 
Dana Telsey: And then is there any difference on the dd side in terms of getting operations back up and running as compared to the Ross Stores side, whether in terms of payroll or occupancy? 
 And is there more occupancy in dd's to manage rent costs than there is in Ross? Or is it not different at all? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. Dana, it's very similar across both chains. I wouldn't say there were significant differences. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Kernan from Cowen. 
John Kernan: Most of them have been answered. Just curious, can you tell us what percent of your store base you expect to have open by the end of May? And then what you are anticipating to have open by the end of the quarter in July? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On openings, I wouldn't tell you specifically May, but we're ready to open stores when the state of the pandemic allows us to do so and when the government allows us to do so. So that's out of our control of when that -- when the openings will actually happen. Our expectation, though, based on what we're monitoring that could change is that we'd have the chain open by the end of June. 
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Jamie Merriman from Bernstein. 
Jamie Merriman: My question, Barbara, is just on the vendor base. And whether you see this as an opportunity to grow the vendor base and whether -- I understand that the buyers aren't currently buying in the market, but if they're pursuing new relationships, new opportunities on that front? And then just with your existing vendors, whether orders needed to be canceled and more payments extended during the quarter? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. In terms of growing the vendor base, there's an opportunity for us to continue to open new resources, especially now, some people are a little bit more flexible as business has gotten a little bit more difficult. And the merchants are always trying to open new resources. So whether we're buying or not, still calling people, still trying to build relationships, still trying to move the business forward. Just say the second part of your question, again, about existing vendors? 
Jamie Merriman: Whether you had to cancel orders and extend payment terms during the quarter just from a liquidity perspective? 
Barbara Rentler: Initially, we did cancel some orders in the beginning of the quarter when we first took action on what was going on when the pandemic started. But that's very similar to what other retailers did. So we took the actions that we thought were necessary at that time to position us. And then after that, we feel that we'll continue to remain engaged with the vendors we have relationships with now as we come back, but we definitely took actions the way other retailers took actions to get ourselves positioned in a better position so we can manage our way through this very unprecedented situation. So as we come back into the market, we'll be coming back and working with vendors again. 
Operator: And I will now turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today. Our thoughts go out to all of you and your families for your continued health and safety. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-03-02 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores' Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2018 Form 10-K and fiscal 2019 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President and Chief Operating Officer; Travis Marquette, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President of Investor Relations.
 We'll begin our call today with a review of our fourth quarter and 2019 performance, followed by our outlook for 2020. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As noted in today's press release, we delivered strong sales and earnings gains for both the fourth quarter and fiscal year. Our ongoing ability to offer compelling bargains to our customers enabled us to achieve these results despite our own challenging multiyear comparisons and a fiercely competitive holiday season.
 Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended February 1, 2020, grew 7% to $1.28 on net income of $456 million. For the 2019 fiscal year, earnings per share grew 8% to $4.60 compared to $4.26 in 2018. Net income was $1.7 billion, up from $1.6 billion last year.
 Now let's turn to our recent sales results. For the 13 weeks ended February 1, 2020, total sales were $4.4 billion. Comparable store sales for the period rose 4% on top of a 4% gain in last year's fourth quarter. For the fiscal year, sales increased 7% to $16 billion, with same-store sales up 3% on top of a 4% gain last year.
 For the fourth quarter, the best-performing major merchandise area was Children's, while the Midwest was the strongest region. dd's DISCOUNTS customers continued to respond positively to its merchandise assortment, leading to another quarter and year of robust gains in both sales and operating profit.
 As we ended 2019, total consolidated inventories were up 5% over the prior year with packaway levels at 46% of the total, similar to last year. Average in-store inventories at year-end were flat versus 2018.
 As noted in today's release, our Board recently approved an increase in the quarterly cash dividend to $0.285 per share, up 12% over the prior year. The increases to our shareholder payouts for 2020 reflect our ongoing confidence in the company's ability to generate significant amounts of cash after funding our growth and the other capital needs of our business. We have repurchased stock as planned every year since 1993 and raised our cash dividend annually since its inception in 1994. This consistent record also reflects our continued commitment to enhancing stockholder value and returns.
 Now Travis Marquette will provide further color on our 2019 results and details on our 2020 full year and first quarter guidance. 
Travis Marquette: Thank you, Barbara. As Barbara mentioned earlier, earnings per share for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2019 year were $1.28 and $4.60, respectively. These results compare to the fourth quarter 2018 earnings per share of $1.20 and $4.26 for the year. As a reminder, our results for both the 2019 and 2018 fourth quarters and fiscal years reflect onetime noncash gains of $0.02 and $0.07 per share, respectively, primarily related to the favorable resolution of tax matters.
 Now I'll discuss further details on our fourth quarter results. Our fourth quarter comparable store sales gain in the quarter was driven by a combination of higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket. Fourth quarter operating margin was 13.3% compared to 13.2% last year. Cost of goods sold increased 30 basis points in the quarter, mainly from higher distribution costs of 45 basis points due to unfavorable timing of packaway-related expenses and higher wages.
 Merchandise margin declined 5 basis points, reflecting some pressure from tariffs. These higher expenses were partially offset by 10 basis points of lower buying costs, while freight and occupancy levered by 5 basis points each.
 SG&A for the quarter levered by 40 basis points, primarily due to lower incentive bonus and lower other miscellaneous costs.
 During the quarter, we repurchased 2.7 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $309 million. For the full year, we repurchased 12.3 million shares for an aggregate price of $1.275 billion.
 Now let's discuss our outlook for 2020. As noted in our press release, our guidance does not reflect the potential unknown impact from the evolving coronavirus outbreak. While we're closely monitoring the situation, there remains a high level of uncertainty over supply chain disruptions in China. In addition, it is unclear how a further possible spread of the coronavirus could negatively impact U.S. consumer demand.
 For the 52 weeks ending January 30, 2021, we are forecasting earnings per share to be $4.67 to $4.88, which includes ongoing pressure from tariffs. The operating statement assumptions for fiscal 2020 include the following: Total sales are projected to grow 4% to 5%. Comparable store sales are expected to increase 1% to 2% on top of multiple years of strong gains. We plan to add about 100 stores this year, consisting of approximately 75 Ross and 25 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores.
 We project that operating margin for 2020 will be in the range of 13.0% to 13.2% compared to 13.4% in 2019. The forecasted decline reflects our plans for merchandise gross margin pressure from ongoing tariffs and some deleveraging of expenses if same-store sales only increase 1% to 2%.
 Net interest income is estimated to be about $8 million. Our tax rate is projected to be approximately 24%. We expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about $351 million. Capital expenditures for 2020 are projected to be approximately $730 million, which includes investments for our next distribution center. And depreciation and amortization expense, inclusive of stock-based amortization, is forecasted to be about $490 million.
 Let's now move to our first quarter guidance. We are forecasting comparable store sales to be up 1% to 2%. Earnings per share are projected to be $1.16 to $1.21 versus $1.15 for the first quarter ended May 4, 2019.
 Other assumptions that support our first quarter guidance include the following: total sales are planned to increase 4% to 5%. We expect to open 21 Ross and 7 dd's DISCOUNTS locations during the period.
 First quarter operating margin is projected to be 13.6% to 13.8% versus last year's 14.1%. This forecast reflects our expectation for some pressure on merchandise gross margin from the previously mentioned tariffs, along with deleveraging on occupancy and other expenses on a comparable sales increase of 1% to 2%.
 Net interest income is estimated to be about $2 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 23%.
 And finally, weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be around 355 million.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Travis. Again, we delivered solid sales and earnings gains for both the fourth quarter and fiscal year. Looking ahead, while we hope to do better, we continue to take a prudent approach to forecasting our business for 2020. Although we remain favorably positioned as an off-price retailer, we are facing our own strong long-term sales and earnings results, a very competitive retail landscape, unknown impacts from the corona outbreak and an uncertain macroeconomic and political environment.
 Longer term though, we remain confident in our ability to achieve ongoing profitable market share gains by consistently offering customers outstanding value throughout our stores. As long as we remain focused on the careful execution of our strategy, we believe we can continue to deliver solid sales and earnings growth over time.
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Great. Congrats on a nice quarter. 
Travis Marquette: Thanks, Matt. 
Matthew Boss: I guess, maybe larger picture, so other than same-store sales at 1% to 2% and the associated revenue flow-through, are there any material differences in your 2020 bottom line guide versus historically 3% to 4% comps equating to double-digit earnings growth? 
Michael Hartshorn: Matt, it's Michael Hartshorn. As we have over a number of years and as we said in the remarks, there's a number of reasons to run the business with a cautious eye, including our own sales and earnings comparisons at the competitive retail landscape and certainly the uncertain macro and political environment.
 The bottom line though is if we can put ourselves in a position to chase the business, we heighten our ability to optimize both sales and earnings results. Over the long term, our long-term algorithm has not changed, which is the combination of comp store growth, new store growth, EBIT margin expansion at the high end of 3% to 4% and our share buyback program gets you to double-digit comp growth -- double-digit EPS growth. 
Travis Marquette: And the only other thing I'd call out is just as a reminder, we did have a $0.02 per share benefit in the fourth quarter of 2019 that we're lapping. That was a onetime item. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then maybe Barbara, just to follow up, how would you describe the larger picture product availability in the marketplace today maybe versus a year ago? And have you seen any changes as it relates to current supply chain disruption so far to date related to all of the larger picture changes that are happening? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Versus a year ago, there's still currently a lot of supply in the market as there was last year. As it relates to the whole China supply chain, there still remains a high level of uncertainty with the disruption from China. So it's really kind of hard to predict where that is going to go. But at this particular moment in time, there have been good. So whether later on there's an influx of goods or not, I just think it's too hard to predict at this point in time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Just wanted to ask a question about the tariff pressure you're seeing. Is that pressure coming all from direct imports? Or are you taking on some pricing pressure from some of your vendors? And are there any plans to try to raise price to offset these pressures? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. Lorraine, on the tariffs, the largest impact is for goods that we directly import for us. That's areas like Home. The Home area has the 25% tariff. How they played out last year was very similar to how we guided. And the way we guided into 2020 is mainly the front half of the year as we lap the 25% tariff for Tranche 3 and 7.5% tariff on Tranche 4A.
 For us, on pricing, our focus is to maintain a value proposition through a pricing umbrella relative to full price department stores and specialty stores. And to be honest, we have not seen a material change in pricing. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: I was hoping you could dig in a little bit more on the merchandise margin performance in the fourth quarter, how that compared to your internal plans and expectations. And then in terms of your margin outlook for 2020, specifically on the merch margin front, I know you just gave us some added color on how the tariffs are going to play out. But are there other factors embedded in that outlook? I know you'd mentioned the competitive environment. Just curious how you're looking at that relative to what you've been experiencing in recent quarters? 
Michael Hartshorn: I'll answer. In terms of our outlook for 2020, with the tariffs, our guidance includes a slight decline in merchandise margins for the year. But again, that's all driven by the tariff impact mainly in the front half of the year. 
Travis Marquette: And in terms of Q4 for merchandise margin is -- it was down a little bit year-over-year. And again, that did reflect some pressure from tariffs, but it was a little bit better than we expected. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Trussell from Deutsche Bank. 
Paul Trussell: I know you mentioned that, I believe, Children's was the best-performing category. Just curious if you can give a little bit more color on the rest of the areas, in particular, your Ladies business and how you feel about the trajectory of that business today going into the new year? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Our overall performance was pretty broad-based. I know we called out Children's, but the overall performance is broad-based across all the areas. Ladies performed above plan. We feel pretty good about our current offering, and we believe that we have the right initiatives underway to drive sales growth in Ladies in Q1 and for the year. So we feel like we're moving forward in there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kate Fitzsimons from RBC Capital Markets. 
Kate Fitzsimons: I guess, looking to 2020, when we're thinking about some of these non-merchandise items and COGS between distribution and freight, is it -- can you give us any guidance in terms of how we should think about that? Distribution, seems like it was a drag here again in 4Q after being an item -- a drag in the third quarter. So how should we look at that looking out to 2020 between the first half and the back half? And again, freight had been a pressure point more recently, but it seems it turned to a leverage item in the fourth quarter. So just how should we think about that into 2020? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. Sure. In terms of DC costs, again, as I mentioned, the higher DC costs in the quarter were driven primarily by unfavorable packaway-related timing but to a lesser extent, as I mentioned, by ongoing wage pressures. In terms of the outlook for that, again, we have built into our forecast -- or into our guidance, some continuing pressure in the DCs, primarily from ongoing statutory wage increases. And again, as I said, that's built into the guidance.
 In terms of freight, overall, during the year, freight played out kind of as we expected it would during the year. I think, at the beginning we talked about that we'd expect higher costs at the start of the year. Those costs would abate towards the back half of the year, which is how it played out to a slight tailwind.
 In terms of freight, as a reminder, sort of the majority of our shipments are completed under contract. So we're not regularly exposed to the spot market. Those contracts typically renew towards the middle of the year. So we feel pretty good about the outlook and believe it should be a relatively stable perspective at least for the first part of the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. A nice way to finish the year. My question, Barbara, is for you. Reflecting back on the first quarter last year, with the 2% comp for the quarter, I know that I think you were hoping to do better. At least, that's what you had articulated at the time and there were some execution issues that you were addressing. I'm wondering, looking out to the first quarter 2020 guidance for 1% to 2% comp, it doesn't look like contemplated in that estimate is any expectation of recovery relative to a softer comparison in Q1? But I'm wondering if you can just reflect on what happened last year. It seemed like the issues were certainly corrected throughout the year. And do you think there's an opportunity perhaps in Q1 to do better? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. So you're correct. Last year in Q1, with the 2% comp, our Ladies business was very difficult. And actually, quite frankly, Q1 for us, over the last 2 or 3 years has been a difficult quarter for us as Ladies is a big piece of the business, you have more weather issues, you have tax refund. There's a lot of noise in the first quarter. So we feel it's prudent to plan the first quarter with a 1% to 2% and just chase our way back into the business.
 The difference a year ago versus today is that, to your point, as the year progressed, that Ladies slightly improved each quarter as we went along. And again, in the fourth quarter, the business performed slightly above our expectations. And so as we go forward, Ladies perhaps will not be the drag that it was on the first quarter. But in the first quarter last year, that was really our main driver. Does that answer your question, Kimberly? 
Kimberly Greenberger: Yes. So would you say you're sort of planning Q1 cautiously just because there have been so many moving pieces in Q1 for the last few years that it just hasn't all necessarily panned out to be a more robust quarter. But stepping back, do you think there might be an opportunity -- or I guess, you sort of said it earlier. Your goal is to beat the performance that you've laid out and you think it's best to sort of plan conservatively and chase, is that the best way to think about it? 
Barbara Rentler: Exactly. That you really want -- it's been difficult for 2 to 3 years. We want to put ourself in a position to chase our way back, keep the goods turning and take us into Q2 in a healthy position. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, I'd also add that across retail, if you look at sequential performance in Q1 versus the rest of the year, performance has been down from a comp perspective. And it's unclear whether that's weather driven or, as Barbara mentioned, tax refund timing, but there are a number of factors that retail has been soft in Q1, including us, obviously. So it makes the most sense for us to be cautious and chase our way back into the business if sales outperform. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Walvis from Goldman Sachs. 
Brooke Roach: This is Brooke Roach on for Alex. We just had a quick question regarding some of the category comments that you've shared earlier. Gifting was a key part of the holiday strategy this year. Can you share how that performed during the quarter? And then can you share a little bit of commentary regarding the performance of apparel versus home? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. In terms of gifting, we were pleased with our gifting performance throughout the store. It was one of our initiatives for the fourth quarter, and the customer definitely responded to the assortments. So we felt very good about gifting. And as we go forward in 2020, we would continue to expand on our gifting assortment. 
Travis Marquette: In terms of your question on apparel versus nonapparel, they performed relatively similarly in the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Adrienne Yih from Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Let me add my congratulations for a solid holiday. I guess, my first question is, Barbara, if you think back to the SARS, and I know it's completely different time period, sourcing, et cetera, do you recall any impact on inventory that might be something to think about as we go through the coronavirus?
 And then, Michael, can you talk about your average hourly rate assumptions on wage for fiscal '20? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, in terms of SARS, which was a lot of years ago -- I'm not even sure what job I had; it was years ago. Look, I think the way to think about inventory and managing inventory whether it's 18 years ago or today, it's the same thing. When there is a lot of volatility in the outside world, you want to manage your plan and you want to manage your inventory as tightly as possible and you want to keep yourself flexible, nimble and have liquidity. And I think, although I might not have lived through the SARS experience myself at that point in time, it's the same metrics that you would -- in an off-price model that you would use to manage and control your business as you're kind of going through the issue at hand. 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of wages, as you probably know, we raised the minimum wage in 2018 to $11 an hour. There are many states, some of which were heavily concentrated, whether it's the DCs or stores like California. California is at a $13 average minimum wage and will be marching to $15 over the next couple of years. But there's other municipalities that are built into our guidance.
 In terms of market rates, we continue to make adjustments to compete for talent in many of our markets. So what we have built into our guidance is market-based adjustments, where we know we'll need to increase, plus the statutory increases. Yes, that's what's built into the existing guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Binetti from Crédit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Let me start with just a quick modeling question. I think in the revenue build, at this time last year, you started guiding the year to same 1% to 2% comps, translating to 5% to 6% on revenue growth, if I'm not mistaken. This year translates to 4% to 5%, did you say? Is there anything to call out on the non-comp component there that we should know about that causes that difference? 
Michael Hartshorn: No. I don't think there's anything different. Obviously, we're opening about 100 stores, which is similar to last year. So you're on a larger base. I think that's the only difference year-over-year, Mike. 
Michael Binetti: Okay. And then on -- I guess on -- Michael, you offered comments that if you can get to a 3% to 4% comp, you still have line of sight to double-digit type EPS growth, an algorithm that you've spoken for many years. But now we're past things like the self-inflicted $11 wage inflation, and it seemed like we were back to the kind of longer-range "We see it coming" type minimum wage increases that you had before, but you're still speaking to wage inflation this year. Are there other good guys that we add back to the way we think about your margins on a multiyear basis that should offset -- if you're going to have things like wage inflation higher on a go-forward basis than you had when you started giving that kind of an algorithm in the past? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. Well, I'd start with 2019. We ended the year with a 3% comp. And if you take out the onetime tax adjustments, we were very close to the double-digit growth and would have been double digits with a 4% comp, so in line with our algorithm.
 As we think about it going forward, certainly, we've guided the year -- this year at 1% to 2%. If we exceed, we'll see what flow-through happens on that. But it's up to us to figure out how to be more efficient in the business as we see those wages come through. A lot of the wage increases have been statutory increases that we have some foresight on, and we'll work to find costs throughout the business to be more efficient as we go forward. 
Michael Binetti: Okay. Can I just ask one last one at a higher level. It seems to me that any kind of meaningful product coming out of China delays, given how fast your inventories turn, it just seems like off-price could be in a position where availability of inventory in the short term could be impacted. It didn't sound like you said anything today that you're seeing that today. How much visibility do you think you have to that, if there is an issue? And then, I guess, just theoretically, why would off-price be well positioned if -- given what we know about how fast the inventory turns are and that there were factories closed for a good amount of time here recently? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. First, let me say that we're seeing a very active marketplace. There's a lot of competition in the market. There are absolutely goods in the market, and there's a lot of competition for those goods. And you're right, it's early and it's unclear what the impact could be on the supply chain because I'm sure it's hard to get clarity around what that looks like. But sometimes, people are bringing in goods. And we also have packaway that we will use in this time frame to support our sales trends. And at some point, you're at a point we don't know -- at some point, it will catch up. And so our strategy is to keep ourselves flexible and nimble and in a position to take advantage of goods when they come in. And so that's kind of how we have ourselves set up, but there has been a lot of activity in the marketplace buying goods immediately. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Let me add my congrats on a nice quarter, good end of the year. Just -- to dig into the gross margin a little bit. I know this is a bit nitpicky, but you called out tariff pressure to impact your Q3 as well as your Q4. I believe your merch margin was up 20 basis points in Q3 and down a little in Q4. Is that just a function of more tariff inventory flowing through? Or is there something else on the merchandise margin line in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter that's worth calling out? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. I think as the year went on, the impact from tariffs got larger, right? So -- in particular, the tariffs that were put into place in September had a larger impact and the tariffs that were in place even earlier in the year, as the year went on, those started to actually arrive and flow through. So that's why the impact grew as we went through the year. 
Irwin Boruchow: And so Travis, does that mean we should assume that until we lap this fourth quarter that we should assume potential slightly negative merch margins for the year? Is that what's embedded in your guidance? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. Our guidance is merch margins down a bit for next year, and it's more heavily weighted towards the front half of the year than the back half of the year. 
Michael Hartshorn: Ike, if you think about the timing of when the increases went in, so Tranche 3 went in, in the June time frame from 15% to 25%. And Tranche 4 went in place in September. So even though they went in place, they start hitting a little bit later. So those are the 2 kind of key points that we'll anniversary as we move into 2020. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Marni Shapiro from Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Congratulations on a great end of the year. Could we just talk a little bit about real estate. You guys have been pretty consistent in opening up the same -- close to the same number of stores every year. Can you just talk about how many stores you renovate in a given year? Will you close about the same 10-ish stores this year as you usually do? And have there been any changes to the size of the stores or the kind of leases that you're getting, given how many retailers have exited the space, particularly in these stand-alone places? 
Michael Hartshorn: Marni, on the real estate front, nothing has changed dramatically for us. We expect to open about 100 stores. The closures are in the 1 to 2 handfuls of stores that we'll consider closing every year. But our view on the real estate market hasn't changed. There's good availability, and we'll look at every site that fits our specific requirements. Obviously, with store closures, that gives us sites -- plenty of sites to choose from.
 In terms of the overall real estate market, we're not seeing -- the cost front has been fairly stable. But our plan, 100 stores a year, we're very comfortable with from both the store operations, opening stores and also getting the right sites for us. 
Travis Marquette: And on your question of existing stores, we do touch or refresh a number of stores every year. For our capital spending for 2020, we'll probably spend about 20% of that total on existing stores between refreshes, remodels and things like that. So we do work to keep the stores current for our customers. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: As you discussed the risks and try to plan for the risks around coronavirus, are you more worried about a slowdown in consumer traffic? Or are you concerned about supply chain issues that you might not be able to offset with packaway? And to that end, have you seen any shift in traffic trends over the last week or 2 as the headlines have gotten worse? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. Look, I think there's a couple of different aspects. Obviously, we're concerned about our associates' safety. We're concerned about supply. We're concerned about what would happen with consumer demand if it's spread further throughout the U.S. I think it's too early to weigh one or the other, other than we're obviously watching it very closely and making decisions daily based on how it's evolving. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Drbul from Guggenheim. 
Robert Drbul: Just a couple of quick questions. On the quarterly cadence, was there any variation in the monthly -- November, December, January that you would call out? And just wondering, on a geographic basis, you called out the Midwest, but if you could maybe comment on California or any other big markets and how they performed, that would be great. 
Travis Marquette: Yes. Sure. Generally, we don't provide specific trends within the quarter, but I would say that our strongest performance was during that December holiday selling period. In terms of geographic performance, as you mentioned that the Midwest was our strongest region. Other strong regions were the Mid-Atlantic and the Southeast. Texas also performed, one of our larger regions performed a bit above the chain. California was roughly in line with the chain. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Merriman from Bernstein. 
Jamie Merriman: Just to pick up on your comments earlier, Barbara, about your ability to use packaway if supply chains do become more tight. Can you just talk philosophically about how you would think about that now? And sort of what level of packaway you'd be comfortable with?
 And then just given the sort of range of categories and brands, I guess, would you expect that you could shift across different categories to the extent that one area becomes more constrained from a supply chain perspective? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. So let's start with -- let me start from the bottom and go back to the top. In terms of shifting money through categories, if we have the appropriate inventory and we could deliver the appropriate assortment and we needed to shift from one business to the other, we absolutely could because that's what our model is about.
 In terms of packaway level, our packaway level, I think, at the peak, Michael, was 50%? 
Michael Hartshorn: Right. 
Barbara Rentler: It was about 50%. And we certainly have the ability to increase that and to increase our capacity in our DCs if we needed to. So packaway, based on, would really be driven on the merchants coming back and saying, what the deals are, what the product is and is it really worthy of packing it away and is it good value? Because the danger in all of this is that all merchants across America just go out and buy goods for the sake of buying goods. So you really have to have size around that and what that looks like.
 In terms of categories and brands and things that go in packaway, that very much depends on what we see and the value we can offer to the customers. So packaway is not consistent through every single business in the company. It's based off of opportunities that the merchants found in the market they think have great value that the customer will appreciate and satisfy her needs. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Kernan from Cowen. 
John Kernan: Just on the packaway point, there was a fairly sizable impact on the gross margin, I think, on timing of packaway expenses. Is there any way for us to think about that in 2020 and anything in the first quarter in terms of how that would flow through now that packaway has ticked back up year-over-year and sequentially as a percentage of the inventory? 
Michael Hartshorn: For 2020 -- first of all, packaway is one of the hardest things for us to predict in the business. It's really based on market dynamics. But typically, for the full year, there's really a nominal impact. Where we see the timing differences are usually quarter-to-quarter timing differences and not for the full year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Baker from Nomura. 
Michael Baker: I just wanted to clarify, did you say at one point when we were talking about some of the issues that are impacting overall retail, and I thought you said there are a number of factors that have been soft in retail, including you guys. So are you saying that your 1 quarter -- your first quarter has been softer than you would otherwise expect because of things like tax refunds and the weather? 
Michael Hartshorn: Mike, no. What I was really referring to is if you look at comp growth throughout retail in the first quarter versus the rest of the year, the first quarter has been softer than the rest of the year across retail and that's been true year-over-year for a number of years. So that's what we're referring to. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Simeon Siegel from BMO Capital. 
Simeon Siegel: Sorry if I missed it, but did you say what you're expecting for expense dollar growth next year? And then can you just remind us the difference in sales per store at Ross versus dd's? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On sales per store, we wouldn't break out dd's separately. We're in the $9 million range per store across the chain. 
Travis Marquette: And can you clarify your first question? 
Simeon Siegel: If I missed it. Hello? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. I didn't -- I was asking for clarification on the first question. 
Simeon Siegel: Sorry, just the SG&A -- the expected SG&A dollar growth for next year, if you had given that. 
Travis Marquette: Yes. We haven't provided the specifics in terms of that below operating margin. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about the buckets of gross margin and the enhancements that you're looking to make in different categories like women's apparel, where do you see the opportunity for merchandise margin going forward. And with that, what -- any updates on shrink? 
Michael Hartshorn: On the shrink front, Dana, no real updates. We take our physical inventory in the third quarter. And what we saw last year was continued improvement over many years of improvement. So at this point, we wouldn't provide any other update versus what we saw in September last year. 
Travis Marquette: And in terms of merch margin, as we've said for a while now, we continue to believe that the biggest opportunity for further improvements in merchandise margin is above-plan sales. 
Operator: And that was our last question. At this time, I will turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-20 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores' Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2018 Form 10-K and fiscal 2019 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.  
 Now I would like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President and Chief Operating Officer; Travis Marquette, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
 We'll begin our call today with a review of our third quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the remainder of the year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 
 As noted in today's press release, we are pleased that our third quarter results were ahead of our expectations. Earnings per share for the period were $1.03, up from $0.91 last year. Net earnings grew to $371 million from $338 million in the prior year. Total sales for the third quarter increased 8% to $3.8 billion, with comparable store sales up a strong 5% on top of last year's 3% gain. 
 For the third quarter, we saw broad-based strength across both merchandise departments and geographic regions with Children's and the Midwest performing the best. We also continue to see improving sales trends in our Ladies Apparel business. While this area becomes less important as we move into the fourth quarter, we believe the actions we are taking here will lead to ongoing improvement during the holiday selling season and into 2020. 
 Operating margin of 12.4% was above plan, mainly due to better-than-expected sales and merchandise margins. For the first 9 months of fiscal 2019, earnings per share were $3.32, up from $3.06 last year. Net earnings were $1.2 billion versus $1.1 billion in the first 9 months of 2018. Sales year-to-date rose 7% to $11.6 billion, with comparable stores up 3% on top of a 3% gain last year. 
 As we ended the third quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 10% over the prior year, while packaway was 39% of the total compared to 41% last year. Average in-store inventories at the end of the period were up 3%. Dd's DISCOUNTS continue to perform well, with robust above-plan growth in both sales and operating profit. 
 Turning to our store expansion program. We opened 30 new Ross and 12 dd's DISCOUNTS locations in the third quarter, completing our 2019 store opening program. We expect to end the year with 1,546 Ross and 259 dd's locations for a net increase of 89 for fiscal 2019.
 Now Travis Marquette will provide further color on our third quarter results and details on our guidance for the remainder of the year. 
Travis Marquette: Thank you, Barbara. Let's start with our third quarter results. Our 5% comparable store sales gain was driven by higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket. Third quarter operating margin of 12.4% was above plan and similar to last year. Cost of goods sold increased 10 basis points in the period. Merchandise margin grew by 20 basis points, while occupancy and buying levered by 10 and 5, respectively. These favorable items were more than offset by distribution expenses that increased 45 basis points, mainly due to the unfavorable timing of packaway-related costs and higher wages. Freight was flat for the quarter. 
 Selling and general and administrative expenses for the period decreased 10 basis points. During the third quarter and first 9 months of fiscal 2019, we repurchased 3.0 million and 9.6 million shares, respectively, of common stock for a total purchase price of $326 million and $966 million, respectively. We remain on track to buy back a total of $1.275 billion in stock for the year. 
 Let's turn now to our fourth quarter outlook. As noted in today's press release, we continue to project fourth quarter comparable store sales to increase 1% to 2% versus a 4% gain last year. In addition, our guidance for fourth quarter earnings per share remains unchanged at $1.20 to $1.25, which now includes a onetime noncash benefit of $0.02 per share, primarily due to the favorable resolution of a tax matter, offset by slightly higher pretax expenses. This forecasted guidance compares to $1.20 per share in the prior period, which also included a onetime per share benefit of $0.07 related to the favorable resolution of a tax matter. 
 Excluding both of these onetime items and if comparable sales only perform in line with our guidance, earnings per share are forecasted to grow 4% to 9% over last year. 
 The operating statement assumptions for the fourth quarter include the following: total sales are projected to grow 5% to 6%. Operating margin is projected to be in the range of 13.0% to 13.2% compared to last year's 13.2%. We expect net interest income of about $2.3 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 22% to 23%, which includes the aforementioned onetime tax benefit. And weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about $357 million. Based on our year-to-date results and updated fourth quarter guidance, we now project earnings per share for the full year to be in the range of $4.52 to $4.57 compared to $4.26 in fiscal 2018, which included the previously mentioned onetime per share benefit of $0.07. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Travis. As we mentioned earlier, we are pleased with our solid sales and earnings performance in the third quarter. We believe these above-plan results demonstrate that we are well positioned to compete effectively in today's volatile retail environment, given consumers' continued focus on value and convenience. However, as we look ahead, we expect another highly competitive fourth quarter. In addition, we are up against strong multiyear sales and earnings comparison, a shortened calendar between Thanksgiving and Christmas, and ongoing uncertainty in the macroeconomic and political landscape. Therefore, although we hope to do better, we believe it best to maintain a cautious posture heading into the holiday selling season. 
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Great. Congrats on a really nice quarter. Barbara, maybe on the top line, any areas of sequential improvement that you'd like to highlight by category? Maybe how best to think about Ladies apparel relative to the total comp going forward? And any particular areas of assortment opportunity that you think is worth noting into this year's holiday? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, as we've said in the comments, basically, all merchandise areas, it was very broad based, the performance. So overall, the company took a lift. As we look at Ladies, we really saw improved sales in the quarter, and it performed slightly above our expectations, and we are expecting to see ongoing progress in the quarter. So we are pleased with the pace of improvement, but at this point, we wouldn't provide more detail in terms of that. And I'm sorry, Matt, can you just state the second question again? 
Matthew Boss: Just more into the holiday, any particular areas of assortment opportunity that you're excited about? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Our main focus will be to build upon the success of our gift-giving assortment. I mean we've built that gifts throughout the entire store. And we feel good about that. And we feel that we're offering gift items at really compelling values because we really feel that value remains the most critical factor for her, where she makes her shopping decisions. And we believe that we're really positioned to deliver on this. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just to follow up more on the margin side. So it sounds like freight has now moderated and it's not that -- not the headwind for pretty much everybody out there. So I guess my question is, if same-store sales are consistently in the 3% to 4% range and as we're thinking now going forward, is there any reason to think that the algorithm is any different historically than it was on the bottom line? If -- again, if you're at that 3% to 4% comp range, just any margin headwinds or things to highlight that would be different than that historical 3% to 4% same-store sales double-digit earnings growth algorithm going forward? 
Michael Hartshorn: Matt, it's Michael Hartshorn. So our long-term earnings algorithm has not changed. A combination of new store growth, comp growth, EBIT margin expansion at the high end and then the buyback program. The one thing that I would throw in the mix with a lot of uncertainty around it is tariffs. So net of tariffs, we haven't changed our long-term algorithm. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Altschwager with Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: I was hoping you could give a bit more color just on the distribution expenses in the quarter. Know that was a bit of a headwind. Do you expect that to normalize in Q4? And then just more broadly, hoping you could touch on the buying environment and how you characterize what you're seeing out there versus the earlier part of the year? 
Travis Marquette: Yes, sure, this is Travis. In terms of the distribution cost expenses, as we said, they were related to a couple of things: one, unfavorable timing of packaway, and then also wages. With respect to wages, there were a couple of things that have impacted that, as you all are aware. Last year, we raised our national minimum wage to $11 across the country. We did anniversary that after the second quarter of this year. Beyond that, there were ongoing state and municipal wage increases, particularly in California. California wages went up in January by $1, and they'll continue to do so for the next couple of years. The wage increases do impact both stores and distribution centers. But as we manage the business this year, more of our cost mitigation efforts ended up in the SG&A line. In terms of guidance, going forward, we feel comfortable with the guidance that we have. We do expect some continued pressure and it's built into the guidance that we gave. 
Barbara Rentler: And as it pertains to the buying environment now versus the earlier part of the year, there's been plenty of availability in the marketplace pretty much all year. I'd say it's been consistent, whether it's vendors bringing goods in for tariff or just supply coming from sales falling off in the department store sector. There's been a lot of goods all along. And what we're really seeing is that the availability is broad based across brands and categories. So it's really a good buying time. 
Operator: Your next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Lorraine Maikis: The packaway percentage is lower than it's been in quite a few years. And I was just hoping you could give us a little bit of insight into how the in-season buying is looking and how you'll manage through holiday with a lower level of goods available in the packaway. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Lorraine. As we mentioned in our commentary, total inventory was actually up 10%. Packaway was 39% versus 41% last year. But on an absolute basis, packaway was actually up year-over-year. The percentage was a function of higher inbound in transit, so that was higher for us. And we brought in product earlier to support the holiday selling season. I'd say, overall, as Barbara mentioned, we continue to see plenty of availability, but our buyers are very strategic to ensure we have the best values. And then I'd also add that we did flow packaway to chase the ahead-of-plan sales from the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Lejuez with Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: I'm wondering if you could give any more color on dd's comps versus Ross. Maybe talk about the magnitude of the traffic and ticket increases that you saw, maybe for each one.
 And then second, just to continue on availability of product question. Are you seeing, Barbara, any particular price strata more available just like the good, better, best, as you think along those lines? Are you seeing outsized availability in any particular price point? 
Michael Hartshorn: Paul, on dd's, we don't break that out separately. I'd just repeat what we said in the commentary. We're very happy with the results. They're performing well, and robust above-plan growth in both sales and operating profits. 
Travis Marquette: In terms of the components of sales, as we mentioned, the comp was driven by both higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket. The average basket was driven more by items per basket, that was up, while AURs were down a little bit. In terms of traffic versus basket, it was pretty evenly split. 
Barbara Rentler: And then in terms of availability of product from a good, better, best point of view, the availability is truly broad based in all 3, across all brands and categories. I mean there's really a large assortment of products to choose from. So I wouldn't say, just focus on one, I'd say, available in all. 
Paul Lejuez: Got you. And then just one follow-up. Home versus apparel, any color you can provide there? And also, can you just remind us the percent of the business that home represents in 4Q versus the rest of the year? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. Overall, apparel versus non-apparel results were pretty similar. And... 
Michael Hartshorn: Home is a little bit more than 1/4 of the business, and it's slightly higher in Q4. 
Operator: Your next question is from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Barbara, I wanted to just hear your sort of state of the union on the Ladies Apparel business. Are you happy? It sounded like you like the trend, but are you satisfied with the performance across Ladies at this point?
 Travis, I just wanted to ask you a follow-up on the 45 basis points of distribution center headwinds. Was it unfavorable packaway and freight or unfavorable packaway and wages? I just wanted to get a clarification there. And then on the unfavorable packaway, could you just clarify, does that mean that sequentially from Q2 to Q3, packaway dollars would have declined sequentially and so you would have more expenses flowing through the DC in the current period. Is that right? 
Travis Marquette: Yes. I guess, let me answer that question first. Packaway dollars were actually higher year-over-year and quarter-to-quarter. The unfavorability relates to sort of the magnitude of the increase compared to last year, so they were up less than last year, but we typically see a benefit on the P&L from packaway this quarter. Your question on the 45 basis points, yes, it was packaway timing and wages was the answer. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. Great. And that just relates -- yes, sorry, Barbara, go ahead. Sorry. 
Barbara Rentler: No, no. Go ahead. Go ahead. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I just wanted to make sure I understood the connection and that was related to the wage rate increases in the state of California? Or have you not yet lapped wage increases in your distribution centers that were maybe implemented later? 
Travis Marquette: We lapped the $11 increase that we did sort of as a minimum across the company that was lapped after Q2. And so these are primarily related to sort of state minimum increases. There's state and local minimum wage increase. 
Barbara Rentler: And as it pertains to Ladies, yes, as I said, the business performed slightly above our expectations. And we expect to see more ongoing progress. We were pleased with the pace of the improvement in the Ladies business during the quarter. Obviously, I'm not going to go into more detail than that, but we expect to see ongoing progress in Q4 and beyond. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. Great, Barbara. And just a quick follow-up question on tariffs, if I could. I'm wondering if you have -- would the tariff impact would potentially be incorporated into your Q4 guidance. Is there a way to quantify that? And do you have any visibility for the impact of tariffs or potential impact of tariffs beyond the fourth quarter at this point? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Kimberly. For Q4, right now, we have $0.01 to $0.02 built into the impact. Obviously, they just went in place, especially in apparel and shoes, in the third quarter. It's too early to speak about the impact longer term. Obviously, the longer the tariffs remain in place, the more pressure it'll put on the retail marketplace. So the situation remains very fluid at this point, so we wouldn't comment at this point beyond that. 
Operator: Your next question is from Alex Walvis with Goldman Sachs. 
Alexandra Walvis: I might have a few questions on the category dynamics, if I may. You mentioned Children's being a particularly strong category for you. Can you talk about what's really working there?
 And then second question is on Men's that's been mentioned as a strong category for the last few quarters. Can you talk about the progression of that business as well? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. The Kids business really, really benefited from strong execution of the merchandise strategy. We have a very strong team. They've put a strategy in place, and they really stick to their mantra and then have done a really fine job. The business itself is pretty broad based in terms of performance across total Kids. Our Men's performance has been strong, it's been strong for a number of years. Continues to be strong. It's performed pretty much in line with chain average. And we also feel like we have a solid strategy in there and the business continues to move forward. I mean there's supply, there's been some good opportunities in Men's also. 
Alexandra Walvis: Fantastic. And then maybe, if I may, a question on pricing trends in the market, recognizing, of course, that you guys are price followers. Any comments on what you're seeing out there? Any thoughts on what pricing could look like across the categories in which you operate as you move into next year and how you're likely to respond there? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. So far, we really haven't seen any material changes in pricing so far. I mean the merchants are constantly competitive shopping and trying to stay on top of that. But to your point, we're not the lead, we're following pricing. So we'll have to wait and see how different retailers ultimately react to the higher cost and how they approach pricing, and then we'll go from there. But we're not the lead, we definitely follow. And again, to date, we really haven't seen any material changes. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Michael Binetti with Crédit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Congrats on a great quarter. Would -- Barbara, would you -- I think it was the second time you've been very, very direct with your expectation for an ultra-competitive promotional marketplace in the fourth quarter. I think excluding the onetime benefit, you moved the midpoint down $0.01 or $0.02 in the fourth quarter as far as what you expect now. Could you just tell us what changed since 90 days ago, particularly since you're delivering really well on the top line in the quarter? And I think, I guess, on the back of that you did mention some higher pretax expenses that moved in. Maybe you could just tell us a little bit about what some of those expenses were so we can think about it for a model, please? 
Travis Marquette: Yes, this is Travis. Just in terms of the expenses, we did have a couple of extra pennies of expenses in Q4 and those are really split across cost of goods and SG&A. We wouldn't be more specific really beyond that. 
Michael Hartshorn: And Michael, on the guidance, we didn't change the guidance coming out of Q3 into Q4. As we said, we guided with comp at 1% to 2%. And just to reiterate what we said in the commentary, we expect it to be highly competitive and especially with the recent department store performance in Q3. And we're obviously up against a strong multiyear comparison. We have a shortened calendar between Thanksgiving and Christmas. And there continues to be uncertainty in both the macroeconomic and certainly the political landscape. I'd add, historically, the shorter calendar compresses sales with minimum impact to the overall quarter. That said, the shorter calendar can add some uncertainty if there's a weather disruption, for instance, especially near the Christmas holidays, it's more difficult to overcome. But we believe it's the best way to manage our business with a cautious posture during the holiday season. 
Michael Binetti: All right. That makes sense to me. And I guess one follow-up, a little longer-term question as we look at some of the components. One thing that's fairly noticeable and impressive is that you've kept the merch margin expanding slightly, call it in around 20 basis points pretty consistently on a run rate basis for a while, talking years, not quarters. But you have been able to do that on a pretty consistently lower AUR as well. I think it's been a few years since we heard the AUR up. Is that a dynamic that's sustainable going forward on a multiyear basis? Is your thinking that you continue to prioritize value and plan the AUR to be down slightly but that the merch margins can continue to be up? Is that -- or is there any reason that, that dynamic would change as we look -- we lift our eyes to next year and beyond? 
Michael Hartshorn: You know what, the key for us is to plan the business cautiously. And if we can beat the sales plan, one, we can turn faster, which helps on the markdown line. And then two, we chase the business with closeouts, which typically have better margins. So that's the secret sauce. If we can beat our sales plan, that's our opportunity. 
Travis Marquette: And AUR is not something that we plan, we don't. We don't target a specific AUR. It's really an output of the process, not an input. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Trussell with Deutsche Bank. 
Paul Trussell: Just wanted to have you talk a bit more about new store performance. Maybe discuss what you're seeing in terms of some of the existing markets as you backfill and what you're seeing in new markets as well? And is there any reason why we shouldn't think that 100 doors a year is a good go-forward number? 
Travis Marquette: Sure. Yes. Our new store performance has been pretty consistent for the last couple of years. As you might imagine, performance in our established existing markets tend to be a little bit higher. It's a little bit lower in our new markets, but the average has worked out to around 60% to 65% over the last couple of years, and we're still seeing that. If we talk about sort of the opportunity for future growth, we're pretty comfortable with the 100 stores per year. We've been doing that -- 100 gross stores per year, we've been doing that for a little while now, and we think it sort of aligns with our ability to make sure we find the right sites. We're not sort of forced to make decisions that we wouldn't -- sort of wouldn't be as beneficial to us. And we can open them in a way that sort of drives their success. 
Michael Hartshorn: And I would just add that on the new store openings, our line of sight is really just a couple of years out. That's what we can see in the hopper from a real estate standpoint, so we're comfortable with that number. 
Operator: Your next question is from Kate Fitzsimons with RBC Capital Markets. 
Kate Fitzsimons: I'll add my congratulations as well. My question is on inventory receipts. You had slowed them earlier ahead of back-to-school, and it looks like that decision obviously really reaped rewards in the third quarter. Maybe just how is it adjusting your views on inventory flows headed into holiday? Heard in-store inventory is up 3%, I believe, so maybe just curious about the decision behind maybe adjusting some of those receipt timings headed into the fourth quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I mean, for us, it was really about the compressed calendar. And we thought we had some opportunities that we may have missed going into the quarter last year. So that was -- it was in our plan at the beginning of the year, and we executed to it. 
Operator: Your next question is from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just a quick question. I think you talked a little bit about home and I believe it was Kids. Any other category commentary or kind of regional variances that you would care to comment on? That's my first question. Then I just had a quick follow-up. 
Travis Marquette: Yes, sure. As we've discussed, Kids was the top-performing category. Performance was pretty broad based to both -- across both categories and geographic regions. Aside from Kids, some of the -- shoes was also a strong category. Geographically, the Southeast and Southwest were also strong performers. But again, performance was pretty broad based. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And anything you can kind of, as you're getting further into the kind of the improvement within Ladies Apparel, any more color you can share on kind of what the issues were or have been that you're now correcting? And then, I guess, lastly, on just online resellers, curious if there's any updated thinking about what you're seeing out there on a competitive landscape? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. So listen, back to the Ladies scenario, what I would say about Ladies, rather than rehashing, is that we believe that we have the right initiatives underway to drive sales growth through the fourth quarter and then into 2020. We continually see improvement. And although we're never fully satisfied with any part of our business, we're happy that at least it's moved in the right direction, and we feel like we have a strategy in place as we go throughout 2020. 
Michael Hartshorn: On the resell competition, relative to the resell business model, we believe we have a differentiated value offering. We've obviously competed with many different retailers over the years and our focus is making sure we continue to offer our customers the best branded value as possible. 
Operator: Your next question is from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Let me add my congratulations. Barbara, 2 longer-term questions and a quick one for Mike. What, if anything, would you -- would have to happen for you to contemplate the launch of a potential e-commerce business? And then as you think about the expansion plans in the U.S., what -- at what point in time would you accelerate sort of a Northeast regional expansion?
 And for Michael, you talked about some rent trends. What's happening with off-mall rents? And is it impacting at all sort of where your breakeven comp is on fixed expenses? 
Michael Hartshorn: Adrienne, I'll jump in there and take all 3 of those. So on e-commerce, our view has not changed. We think that the moderate off-price business, which is what we're in, would not work in an online environment with a $10 to $11 AUR. The economics with free shipping and returns are just not financially sustainable, and we don't see any way that, that business would be accretive to our profit. In terms of real estate growth over the next several years, our focus will continue to be building in the Midwest about, call it, 10% to 15% of those stores and continue to grow in existing markets, and we'll continue to do that over the next couple of years before we would enter into the rest of the country, including the Northeast. And then, real estate trends, really not significant changes. We've not seen any significant changes in terms of rent or lease terms recently. 
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Baker with Nomura. 
Michael Baker: Two follow-ups. One, tariffs were supposed to be $0.03 in the back half. You said $0.01 to $0.02 in the fourth quarter. Does that mean that they impacted by $0.01 to $0.02 in the third quarter? In other words, are we still looking for $0.03 in the back half? And then a follow-up on the fourth quarter guidance in the slightly higher pretax expenses. Should we consider those to be onetime as that $0.02 benefit that you mentioned -- you specifically called out as onetime? Or these slightly higher pretax expenses more are just ongoing business expenses? 
Michael Hartshorn: Mike, on the tariffs, our original guidance assumed $0.01 impact in Q3 and then the $0.01 to $0.02 in the fourth quarter. As I mentioned earlier, the tariffs just went into effect for the latest tranche, Tranche 4A, in September, so mid-quarter. I would also say that we had pre-tariff packaway inventory and pre-tariff purchase orders that enabled us to mitigate the impact in Q3, where you saw we had a 20 basis point improvement in merchandise margin. 
Travis Marquette: And on that $0.02 of additional expenses, those are just for -- we expect those just to be for Q4 only. 
Operator: Your next question is from John Kernan with Cowen. 
John Kernan: Congrats on another nice quarter. I just want to go back to the inventory question. Your inventory turn has improved consistently the last several years. It's obviously had great effects on free -- on the growth of free cash flow. Just wondering how much faster you think you can turn, how much more productive you think you can be with inventory and working capital? 
Michael Hartshorn: I think going forward, it's been down -- if you go back a decade, I mean we brought down inventories over 40% in front of the customer. Given the way we plan the business, if we posture the plans at a lower level and we can beat those plans, that's really -- like margin, that's our opportunity to turn faster. 
Operator: Your next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Congratulations on the very nice results. Can you please talk a little bit about beauty and women's apparel? Are you still seeing the progressive improvement from Q1 and Q2 that was in the plan? And on the beauty side, how is that growing and as that becomes a larger piece of sales? 
Barbara Rentler: So the beauty business has been one of our growth areas and continues to expand as we add additional classifications of products and broaden the assortments. And so we feel good about beauty as a growth business and it continues to grow sequentially quarter-to-quarter. The Ladies Apparel business, as we've gone through the year, has progressively improved. And as I've said, as we're looking forward, we expect to see ongoing progress. 
Operator: Your next question is from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: A question for the team. Just a high-level question, nothing specific, but the company had a decade-plus of margin expansion behind them and this will be the second year in a row of operating margins declining. I just -- I guess my question is, the outlook for freight seems to be a little bit better. The outlook for wages, it doesn't seem like there's any broad-based wage inflation to bake in next year. Can this -- can the business get back to potentially a period of margin growth? Just kind of curious, the puts and takes, again, just big picture looking out. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, I think if we look ahead, certainly, we'll start a year with a cautious outlook on sales. And if we can drive ahead of the sales plan, that's where our margin opportunity is going to be. This year, I would point out, even though we've been able to mitigate the tariff impact, the home, accessories and cosmetics, Tranches 1 through 3 have been in place all year, and we've spent a lot of time trying to mitigate those, and then here with Tranche 4. So again, what's different going into next year is tariffs, which are very uncertain at this point. 
Operator: Your next question is from Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Congratulations. Barbara, I have a big picture Ladies question for you. There's been a lot of talk about the Ladies business. When the business got tough in the stores, did you see the shopper not buying? Or was she shifting to other departments, whether that's anecdotal or you can tell by her receipts and credit card data? And if she was shifting to other departments, are you seeing that shift back? Or is she just buying more? I'm curious just how the dynamic is working in the store. 
Barbara Rentler: I think -- look, I think your Ladies -- Ladies Apparel business is tough. Our core customer is a woman. So obviously, it makes the entire business more difficult. But when we think about the Ladies customer, we don't think of her as just apparel. So we think of her more holistically. So we think of her as apparel and shoes and cosmetics, all these handbags, all the things that satisfy her. So when -- this is all anecdotal. So this isn't going to be anything from any fact other than -- the other businesses that were healthy, like beauty, were healthy. They're healthy and continued to grow, while Ladies was difficult. And so I don't necessarily -- I think she bought other products in the store. However, I think she probably would have bought those products even if Ladies apparel had been good or better, I should say, than what it was because those businesses are growing exponentially and there's lots of products and things for her to choose from. So I think in the end, it all just becomes about the assortments that we deliver. If we deliver compelling bargains and compelling assortments and we do that in Ladies Apparel and we do it in all the other things that satisfy her personally, all businesses and all ships will arrive. But I think also when we don't do that in an area as big as Ladies, there's potentially some total impact, I think, to the total store, but I think that's very difficult to quantify. But if you think that she is our core customer, it would be logical. 
Operator: Your next question is from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim Securities. 
Robert Drbul: Just I was wondering if you could talk, did weather impact your business at all throughout the quarter. And if -- was there any variation sort of month-to-month? And I guess the last piece, you mentioned handbags, but can you maybe just talk about handbags and accessories and how that as a category, you're seeing, play out at this point? 
Travis Marquette: Yes, sure. This is Travis. We don't specifically comment on results month-to-month. Generally speaking, there wasn't a lot of variation in terms of weather. Again, it wasn't a significant impact at all for the quarter. In terms of accessories and performance, again, it performed pretty close in line with the chain. 
Operator: And our last question comes from Laura Champine with Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: Should be a quick one. On the Ladies business, was AUR down more in that category than it was for the company overall? 
Travis Marquette: We don't generally talk about sort of AURs by specific line of business. 
Laura Champine: I've got a plan B. The Midwest region comped better than average. Can you give us a reason why you think it was the strongest region in the quarter? 
Travis Marquette: Yes, the Midwest has been one of our best-performing regions ever since we entered the market many years ago. We -- I think the customer has responded well to sort of the values and the product that we offer them. And so we've been very pleased with the performance ever since we entered. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Q&A portion of the call. I'll now turn things back over to management for any closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-21 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores' Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management followed by a question-and-answer session.
 [Operator Instructions] Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2018 Form 10-K and fiscal 2019 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group's President and Chief Operating Officer; Travis Marquette, Group's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations.
 We'll begin our call today with a review of our second quarter performance, followed by our outlook to the second half and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As noted in today's press release, we delivered respectable gains in both sales and earnings for the second quarter. Earnings per share for the period $1.14, up from $1.04 last year. Net earnings were $413 million, up from $389 million in the prior year. Total sales for the second quarter increased 6% to $4 billion.
 Comparable store sales rose 3% on top of last year's strongest quarterly comparison of 5%. For the second quarter, the best performing merchandise department at Ross was men, while the Midwest and Southeast were the top performing markets.
 While the Ladies business continued to trail the chain, trends in this important area showed some improvement during the quarter. We continue to believe that the actions we are taking here will lead to additional improvements as we move through the balance of the year.
 Operating margin of 13.7% was better than expected mainly due to favorable timing of expenses that are expected to reverse in the second half. For the first 6 months of fiscal 2019, earnings per share were $2.29, up from $2.15 last year. Net earnings were $834 million, up from $808 million in the first half of 2018. Sales year-to-date rose 6% to $7.8 billion, with comparable store sales up 2% versus a 4% gain for the first half of last year. As we enter the second quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 8% over the prior year. Packaway was 43% of total inventory compared to last year's 44%.
 Average in-store inventories at the end of the period were up 4% as we flowed receipts a little earlier to support the back-to-school selling period. Dd’s DISCOUNTS had another quarter of strong growth in both sales and operating profits.
 Turning to our store expansion program. We remained on schedule with the opening of 22 new Ross and 6 dd's DISCOUNT locations in the second quarter. We continue to project adding a total of approximately 100 locations in 2019 comprised of 75 Ross and 25 dd's. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores.
 Now Travis Marquette will provide further color on our second quarter results and details on our second half guidance. 
Travis Marquette: Thank you, Barbara. As previously mentioned, our second quarter earnings results benefited from the favorable timing of expenses that are expected to reverse in the second half. This benefit was worth approximately $0.02 to earnings per share.
 Now turning to the details of our Q2 results. As noted in today's press release, we have updated our earnings guidance for the second half given the recent announcement of 10% tariffs on goods sourced from China, including apparel and footwear. Our projected impact is based on our present understanding of the timing of and the merchandise categories included in these additional tariffs.
 Our sales forecast for the second half remains unchanged. We continue to forecast same-store sales for the balance of the year to grow by 1% to 2%. Sales performed in line with this projection, earnings per share for the third quarter were forecasted to be in the range of $0.92 to $0.96 compared to $0.91 a year ago.
 For the fourth quarter, earnings per share are projected to be $1.20 to $1.25 versus $1.20 in the prior year, which included a onetime per share benefit of $0.07 from the favorable resolution of a tax matter.
 Now I will provide some operating statement assumptions for our third quarter EPS. Projected sales -- total sales are projected to grow 5% to 6%. We expect to open 42 new stores during the period, including 30 Ross and 12 dd’s locations.
 Operating margin is projected to be in the range of 11.8% to 12.0% compared to last year's 12.4%. This forecast reflects our expectations for some pressure on merchandise gross margin from tariffs along with deleveraging on occupancy and other expenses if comparable sales perform in line with our guidance.
 We expect net interest income of about $3.3 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 24%, and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about 360 million.
 Based on our first half results and second half guidance, we now project earnings per share for the full year to be in the range of $4.41 to $4.50 compared to $4.26 in fiscal 2018, which included the previously mentioned onetime per share benefit of $0.07.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Travis. To sum up, as I mentioned earlier, we delivered respectable sales and earnings growth for the second quarter on top of our strongest quarterly comparable sales comparison from last year. While we've made progress in strengthening the Ladies apparel business, we still have a way to go until we're satisfied with our assortments in this important area.
 As we move into the fall season, we'll work on our merchandising initiatives in Ladies and also throughout the entire store, so that we are delivering the right products and brands, priced as sharply as our customers have come to expect. 
 We believe the additional tariffs may result in increased uncertainty in the apparel and footwear markets. Historically, disruptions like this have benefited off-price. As always, our focus will continue to be offering our customers the most compelling value as possible throughout our stores. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on a nice quarter. So with same-store sales comparison easing in the back half of the year relative to the front half, and given the sequential improvement that you spoke to in the Ladies business, anything you see constraining your ability to exceed the 1% to 2% comp guidance for the back half of the year? Or maybe where do you see top opportunities to potentially outperform? 
Michael Hartshorn: Matt, it's Michael Hartshorn. The way we thought about the back half, first, we're up against strong multiyear comparisons in both Q3 and Q4. With Ladies strengthening, it is a smaller part of the business in the back half. On top of that, we think there is going to be continued uncertainty given the department store performance in Q2 we expected are -- could be more promotional. And on top of that, we think the tariffs are going to cause a bit of uncertainty in the back half. So our point of view is, we always like to be conservative and hope to beat it. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then maybe just to follow up in larger picture. Barbara, I guess how best to think about the near-term versus intermediate term, the potential impact of tariffs maybe to the customer and the off-price sector, in your view? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, in the near term, I think what we have to do is recognize that we're not the leader in all of this, we're the follower. So we're not going to be the leader in terms of raising prices. So as the tariff comes on, it's early for us to know how retailers plan to manage through the cost, and ultimately, what the customer's going to see in terms of pricing from them. So we're studying that business. So we're going to have to wait and see how retailers react to the higher cost, their approach on pricing, and then really the customers' reaction to potential price inflation. So in the near term, it's a wait and see. We have to kind of watch what they are doing and then see where that puts us because we're clearly not the leader on pricing. 
 In the intermediary -- intermediate, get that word out, I think it will -- it historically would have given us an opportunity for supply in some changing markets. But I think until we understand, near term and intermediate being defined as, I guess, part of '20, until we understand what the price -- what the pricing is going to mean to the customer, I think there's going to be some challenges ahead, particularly as department store business is difficult. And so with that, we're willing to wait and see. And again, as I said, we're going to hold on our pricing. And see where we sit in the order because the most important thing while all of this is going on is that we offer our customers the best value as possible. And so there is going to be a lot of moving targets, I think, here. And so I think we need to study it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Just to follow up on the tariffs. Can you talk about what proportion of your product is affected? And then are there any opportunities for mitigation as you look into 2020? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Lorraine. We don't disclose the specific percentage for competitive reasons. That said, as with most retailers, a good portion of our apparel and footwear comes from China. So with that said, in terms of the mitigation, so as we mentioned in the commentary, we think it was a prudent approach to make our best estimate of a potential impact, separating out what goes into effect in September and December. And for us, our best estimate at this point is we added $0.03 -- or took $0.03 from EPS in the back half. But certainly, I hope it plays out more favorably, but that's our best shot at this point in time. I mean, we'll have to wait to see, as Barbara mentioned, how different retailers react to the higher cost, their approach on pricing as well as how the consumer would react to increase in prices. That said, historically, disruptions like this had been beneficial for off-price. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Altschwager from Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: I was hoping you could give a bit more color on some of the gross margin drivers in Q2 just in terms of merch margin, freight, distribution. And then if you're able to quantify perhaps just the level of merch margin pressure you expect from tariffs over the back half, that'd be helpful. 
Michael Hartshorn: On merch margin piece, we wouldn't disclose the margin impact, but the $0.03 that we included in the guidance is largely merchandise margin. 
Travis Marquette: And then let me just provide a little bit more detail. So during the period, cost of goods sold increased 10 basis points. Higher merchandise margin and lower distribution cost of 10 basis points each were offset by freight cost that rose 20 basis points, and occupancy deleverage of 10 basis points. Buying expenses were flat versus last year. Selling and general administrative expenses for the quarter increased 5 basis points, largely due to higher wage cost. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I wanted to explore SG&A a little bit more. Wage is obviously still growing here in the second quarter. If you could give us any sort of order of magnitude on the wage growth headwind to SG&A here in Q2 that will be helpful. And will that change as we look out to the back half of the year? And on the cost -- the SG&A cost shift out of Q2, do you have -- I think you said that was $0.02 benefit to the second quarter. If you could give us the SG&A dollars benefiting Q2, and if that's expected to come in Q3 or Q4? Just any color on that would be helpful. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, as you may recall, we increased wages across the board last year to $11. So we are just now anniversarying that in the second quarter. When we entered the year, despite wage growth, our own $11 increase and the minimum wage increases in states like California, we guided the year for SG&A to leverage at the normal 3%. So we've been able to offset those costs.
 In terms of the $0.02 timing, that wasn't all in SG&A. Some of that's gross margin, and we wouldn't break out that specific. And as a reminder, the $0.02 timing benefit was versus our original guidance not versus last year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Omar Saad from Evercore ISI. 
Omar Saad: Could you talk about some of the women's apparel trends? I know it's improved a little bit but still kind of lingering issues there. Is that more external fashion trends or external factors related to the category and environment or internal execution issues that you think you can address? And I also would love to get your thoughts on some of the lower freight rates we're hearing about this year and into next year if that's material to you guys. 
Michael Hartshorn: I'll start with the freight. So generally for us, freight has played out much as we expected at the beginning of the year. What we saw was 35 basis point deleverage in Q1, 20 basis points deleverage in Q2. And our guidance assumes that it will abate further in the back half. 
Barbara Rentler: And as it pertains to the women's apparel trends, externally, there isn't any one major big trend driving Ladies apparel. I mean I think that's the first thing. But -- so with that, our issues in Ladies apparel really related to our own execution issues, brought our assortments below our normal standard. So we feel like we've been working through those issues, we feel like we've made some progress, still trailing the chain. And as I said before, in my comments, we feel like as the year goes on, that the business will continue to improve. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Binetti from Crédit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Congrats on a nice quarter. Just, Michael, a question on your comments on the near term. I think you mentioned that you flowed some inventory for back-to-school earlier to -- maybe some color on whether you think that strategy seems successful in the early days.
 And then you did make a comment on observing department store trend lately, and your hunch that we could see promotions stepping up. Maybe just a little more color about how you're looking at the landscape. And what you're planning your business for given the competitive set that you expect in the back half. And I have a follow up. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Michael. We wouldn't comment on kind of inter-quarter trends at this point. We would do that in -- at the end of Q3. And my comments really on the department store is just based on their earnings performance. So they obviously -- the comps were certainly below the off-price and value performers, plus on top of that, their gross margins, which would suggest they were more promotional, and that could continue into Q3. 
Michael Binetti: Okay. And I hate to ask the most basic question, but maybe a little color on inventories you're seeing available. Are you seeing things that excite you? And more importantly, maybe why? Is it better brands? New categories opening up? I'm a little surprised packaway was lower year-over-year given what we're seeing in the market and the rush to get product in before the tariffs this year. So I'm wondering if we're going to -- if your plan includes -- are we going to see that total inventory number built into 3Q? Any thoughts on that? 
Barbara Rentler: So in terms of supply, supply is very plentiful. It is broad across most classifications of business. In terms of the level of packaway, packaway fluctuates in the merchant side as the way they see it in terms of the products, the timing, the pricing of those goods. And so it is still in the 40s range, which is pretty average for us. But the merchants have to make that decision. So as the season goes on, they'll continue to see additional department store business. If it continues to be difficult, you would expect that there would be more supply in the shorter term, and we're liquid and ready to take advantage of those opportunities once the merchants feel that it's at the right price and the right value as we're anticipating it being a very promotional fourth quarter. So... 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Walvis from Goldman Sachs. 
Alexandra Walvis: The first question that I had is whether you can help us out with the breakdown of the comp between traffic, where you are, and basket. Second question was a follow-up on the inventory, in-store inventory growth. Can you talk about the drivers of the decision to flow receipts earlier, is that all of the reason for the slightly higher in-store inventory? Or is there anything else going on there? 
Travis Marquette: Yes, this is Travis. In terms of the components of sales, the 3% comp was driven by slightly higher traffic, and an increase in the size of the average basket. A higher basket was driven by higher units per transaction. AUR was down just a bit for the quarter. 
Michael Hartshorn: And on inventory, it was a function of flowing receipts early. It was in our plan at the beginning of the year. And so that was strategic. 
Alexandra Walvis: Great. And one follow-up, if I may. The men's business has been strong for some time. Can you talk about what's working there? And where the continued strength is coming from? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. I would tell you. So the reason the men's business is good is because we have a solid strategy that the merchants have done a very good job of executing on. So our level of execution there has been very consistent, and again, as has the strategy. So there's not one particular thing that's really driving it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Hofkin from William Blair. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just a couple of quick questions. And I apologize I missed a little bit, so if you've already answered that, no worries. But as it relates to the -- you talked a little bit about, it was SG&A and gross margin both had a little bit of timing of expenses. I was just curious, did inventory flow timing affect the gross margin? And if so, was that -- how much roughly was that? And then just if you haven't already given it, some additional color by region and category beyond just sort of the main ones, if you have that. 
Michael Hartshorn: Dan, on the inventory flow, it just happened at the end of the quarter. So no, it did not have an impact on margins. Margin for the quarter was up 10 basis points, that was a little lower than the benefit that we saw in Q3. That was somewhat impacted by the tariffs that went into effect in June, but we were able to offset that with strong expense control. And then... 
Travis Marquette: And then by -- in terms of color or geographic region, as we mentioned in our commentary, the Midwest and Southeast were the strongest regions. Of our other major markets, California and Florida were slightly below the chain while Texas and the Southwest were a bit better than the chain average. In terms of merchandise categories, we mentioned men's was the strongest category. Children's was also pretty strong. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Morris from D.A. Davidson. 
John Morris: Congratulations on a nice quarter as well. Barbara, maybe can you give us a little bit more color on dd's, and the progress that you're making there, and what you're particularly pleased with? And sort of how you're benchmarking it?
 And then 2 other kind of quick housekeeping questions. One is, we talked a little bit about inventory in the plan but can you give us a sense of where inventory at the end of Q3 might be related to sales? I mean same kind of growth about in line, I'm assuming.
 And I don't know if you would answer this or not, I'm just kind of curious, we've talked a lot about freight, but just a kind of quick one. Does freight contracts -- when you're negotiating terms, is that an annual event with somebody or is it kind of a continuous thing? It just kind of helps us understand how it should flow through. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. So to go through those, we don't give forward-looking guidance on inventory levels. And on freight, for us, we have already gone through our annual renewals, we did that earlier this year. So we have some pretty good visibility at this point. 
Barbara Rentler: And as it pertains to dd’s, as I said before, we've had strong growth both in sales and profit. But for competitive reasons, we don't really get more specific than that other than to say that dd’s has a similar four-wall profit margin to Ross. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Trussell from Deutsche Bank. 
Paul Trussell: I'm curious to hear what you are seeing in terms of new store performance both on the Ross and dd’s side. 
Travis Marquette: Yes, this is Travis. Our new store performance is pretty consistent with our historical averages of between 60% and 65% of an average comp. It fluctuates a little bit quarter-to-quarter, depending on where the new stores are located, but overall, the performance is pretty consistent. 
Paul Trussell: And just sort of -- just a bigger picture, just curious if there is any thoughts around e-commerce as you look in the years ahead? 
Michael Hartshorn: On e-commerce, our view on e-commerce has not changed. We think in the moderate off-price business, the economics are just not sustainable. Over many years now, we've posted comp sales that are at the high end of retail benchmarks, and we've done this without e-commerce. So rather than being distracted by what we view as unsustainable business, we'd rather focused ourselves on what's proven and -- proven to be very profitable opportunity in front of us. 
Paul Trussell: Congratulations on recent promotions. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Paul. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Just on the cap -- on the CapEx spend. I think you guys guided it to $600 million this year. I'm just curious, is that still the right number? And then I think there is a new DC build-out embedded in there. I'm just trying to understand what maybe the run rate of CapEx should be into next year. And then to whoever wants to answer it, should there be some kind of supply chain pressure on margin at some point? I'm not sure if you're already seeing that or maybe something we should keep in mind for our models next year. Just any color on that. 
Michael Hartshorn: So the DC. I'll let Travis cover the capital, but on the DC, next couple of years. So we would expect to open, so we would not expect any impact of that new DC as we move into 2020. 
Travis Marquette: In terms of total capital spend, it hasn't changed. We're still expecting to spend around $600 million this year, about 1/3 of that is related to distribution center buildouts and -- et cetera. In terms of going forward, again, I think we've said in the past, we expect total capital spending to be elevated for a couple of years. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Sole from UBS. 
Jay Sole: I have a question about the $0.03 impact on tariffs. Is that a net number, meaning is there sort of like a $0.06 headwind that's being offset with $0.03 of cost cutting or other mitigation factors? Or is it just $0.03 would be actual impact of the tariff is? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. On that question. So obviously, we had the tariffs -- we started the year with 10% tariffs on Tranche 3, which was mainly in categories like home, cosmetics and accessories. That expanded to 25% in June. We were able to mitigate those tariff impacts with tightening our belts on cost. With this, this $0.03 is our best estimate on what the margin could impact -- margin impact could be. And at this point, don't think we can offset that with cost reduction. And again, hope it plays out more favorably than this. 
Jay Sole: Right. And then Barbara, I wanted to ask you is, if apparel is a category that's a little bit slower and there's some opportunities to do more business in categories like pet supplies or auto parts or food or some of the newer categories in the store. How do those -- what's the interplay like between those categories and some of your more traditional categories like apparel and footwear? How does the customer experience change if they're coming in to buy apparel, if they're also kind of looking at auto parts and pet supplies and toys and food and other things that maybe they're not used to seeing in the store? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, I actually think the customer likes it because it enhances the treasure hunt, right? So I come in, thinking I'm going to buy something in Ladies, say, and I go to Ladies, and I looked at Ladies. And this customer likes to touch and feel. Likes to see new things and something that they didn't see the last time they were in the store. Average customer shops at store more than 3 times a month. So we think it's exciting, and the customer enjoys having something new. The challenge is to keep continually adding new things to make the treasure hunt -- make her come back again and again with exciting and new products. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Kernan from Cowen. 
John Kernan: Can you talk about any emerging competitive threat from the growth of resale? There has been some industry chatter about it recently, there has been some executives within that channel talking about the share that they're stealing from off-price. Have you seen any effects of that? Do you think that this is any type of a long-term competitive threat? And then I have one quick follow up. 
Michael Hartshorn: I would say, over the long term, we've competed with -- against many different types of retail concepts, brands, department stores, specialty stores and have done extremely well. So we don't see it as a long-term competitive threat. 
John Kernan: Got it. Then maybe can you just talk about the performance of Home? It feels like as if the category in general has become a little bit more competitive recently. Can you talk about your specific performance? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Home, for the quarter, performed in line with the chain. We still continue to see it as a long-term growth opportunity because it's obviously a wide assortment of products. But performance in line with the chain, we're never fully satisfied with any part of our business. So we would like to continue to expand and to grow that business. But for competitive reasons, I wouldn't talk more about the specifics of that. I mean what actually... 
Operator: Your next question comes from Janine Stichter from Jefferies. 
Janine Stichter: Just had a quick follow-up on the tariffs just for modeling purposes. Is there any major variation we should think about in terms of how the tariffs flow through? Which comes through in September versus what flows through in December? 
Michael Hartshorn: We -- because we haven't given fourth quarter guidance at this point, it's hard to say other than we have embedded the $0.03 into the back half guidance. I think if you've looked at the -- it doesn't start till September. And I think if you look at the industry, I would say that there's more of the apparel and shoes in the September tranche than in the December tranche. So that's the color I'd add to that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: It's about the mechanics of getting to the $0.03 impact from tariffs. Since you've got such an open -- significant open to buy, I'm wondering whether you just calculated that by looking at what you bought year ago period from China. 
Michael Hartshorn: Well, remember our business -- so there is a small portion of our business where we directly import [indiscernible]. Our thought is that over the majority of the goods that we procure in apparel and shoes is -- was originally sourced from China. That said, it's hard to know what's going to happen at this point. I mean it just was announced several weeks ago in the markets. What I would say is, the majority of our business is closeout. So if you look at what we have left to buy year-over-year, we would normally have a lot of closeout in our receipt plan for the remainder of the year. 
Laura Champine: And because you used packaway inventory so extensively, would that potentially delay any impact of tariff-related inflation beyond the time horizon when it would've hit some of your competitors? 
Michael Hartshorn: Certainly a benefit for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about the expense timing shift that went on, how much should go in each quarter as you think about in the third and the fourth quarter? And is there anything in particular that shifted from the second quarter to the back half? 
 And just lastly, how you're thinking of marketing for the back half of the year? Any changes in what you're spending or what you're doing? 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of the timing, I just want to reiterate that the timing difference is versus our original guidance. So that $0.02 flows into our back half guidance. And so we wouldn't break that out between Q3 and Q4.
 On marketing, our marketing strategy and message has been very consistent over the years and hasn't changed for us. The message is we offer the best values in apparel and home fashions. We think, frankly that marketing can help support our business, but what really drives our business is great bargains in the store. If we have great assortments then marketing can help support that trend. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Roxanne Meyer from MKM Partners. 
Roxanne Meyer: I wanted to ask 2 things, one about AUR, wondering if it was down slightly on mix or pricing. And then secondly, I'm wondering just in the context of the plentiful inventory availability. So far this year and going forward, if you are looking to change your mix or have the opportunity to change your mix, if you so desire, between good, better and best product. 
Travis Marquette: Yes. In terms of AUR, the decline was primarily driven by the change in mix of sell-through within categories. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the availability and the changing of our mix, we're going to take advantage of whatever we think the best deals are out there. We don't go in there and say, I want x amount of our purchases to be good, to be better and to be best. We go to see what the best possible deals and values are for the customer, and that's how we purchase it. So the merchants are out buying it the way they see it. It's not as much top-down as you might think, it's really more of bottom-up, based on the deals, based on the values that they can deliver. 
Operator: Your last question comes from Paul Lejuez from Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Just going back to the Ladies apparel. I think you said, it's still performing below the chain. I guess something always has to be below average. So is there any color you can give on the comp ex that Ladies business? And how that has changed? Just trying to get a sense of the drag from that piece over the last couple of quarters that it has underperformed.
 And then second. In the first quarter, you talked about SG&A timing as well. And I'm just curious if this is the -- that the timing shifts that we're talking about out of 2Q, are we talking about the same expenses that keep getting pushed out? Or are we talking different expense buckets? So if you could be maybe a little bit more specific about what's moved around? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, Paul. So we always like to start the year with guidance. And then as we move through the year, make sure we update you on how that impacts. So for the second quarter, for instance, we were $0.03 above the high end of the range but we only flowed $0.01 of that through to the full year. And no, those weren't the same types of expenses, we have things -- quarterly timing differences on projects that may be delayed or we may make decisions to delay projects until later in the year. So that's all we're calling out in the guidance. 
Travis Marquette: In terms of Ladies comp, we wouldn't get into the specifics of that in terms of providing specifics. 
Michael Hartshorn: What I would say on the comp though, obviously, we were up against -- we went from a $0.02 to $0.03, but we're up against the $0.05. So on a multiyear basis, there was acceleration across the division. 
Paul Lejuez: Got you. And then can you just remind us, is the -- the issue in Ladies, is that a dd's issue as well or just Ross? 
Barbara Rentler: Just Ross. 
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-22 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores' First Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. This call will begin with prepared comments by management followed by a question-and-answer session. 
 [Operator Instructions] Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risks factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2018 Form 10-K and fiscal 2019 8-Ks on file with the SEC. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Gary Cribb, Group Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; Michael Hartshorn, Group Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Travis Marquette, Group Senior Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations.
 We'll begin our call today with a review of our first quarter performance followed by our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. As noted in today's press release, for the first quarter, we delivered sales gains at the high end of our guidance as well as better-than-expected earnings per share growth despite continued underperformance in Ladies apparel. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended May 4, 2019 was $1.15, up from $1.11 for the same period last year. Net earnings for the 2019 first quarter were $421 million compared to $418 million in the prior year. These results include an approximate $0.02 per share benefit from favorable timing of expenses that are expected to reverse over the balance of the year. 
 Total sales for the period increased 6% to $3.8 billion with comparable store sales up 2%. For the first quarter, the strongest merchandise category at Ross was men's while the Midwest was the best performing geographic region. 
 As I just mentioned, Ladies apparel trails a chain. Our execution in this important business remains below our standard and consequently, we did not offer our customers the compelling values they have come to expect from us. While we are working diligently to improve our merchandise assortments, which were out of balance in a number of areas in Ladies, plus strengthen our value propositions, it can take some time to correct issues like this in a chain of our size.
 That said, we do believe that the actions we are taking will lead to improved results as we move through the year. As we ended the period, total consolidated inventories were down 4% over the prior year. 
 Average in-store inventories were up 1% as planned while packaway, as a percentage of total inventories, was 44% compared to 49% last year. As it has for time now, dd’s DISCOUNTS posted better-than-expected gains in both sales and operating profits for the quarter. 
 Turning to store growth. Our 2019 expansion program is on schedule with the addition of 22 new Ross and 6 dd’s DISCOUNTS locations in the first quarter. We remain on track to open a total of approximately 100 locations in 2019 comprised of 75 Ross and 25 dd’s DISCOUNTS. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 stores. Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our first quarter results and details on our second quarter guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Let's start with our first quarter results. Our 2% comparable store sales gain was primarily driven by an increase in the size of the average basket. While operating margin of 14.1% was down 95 basis points from last year, it was better-than-expected mainly due to above planned merchandise margin and favorable timing of expenses. Cost of goods sold rose by 85 basis points in the quarter, a 30 basis point improvement in merchandise margin was more than offset by a 60 basis point increase in distribution cost as we were up against last year's benefit from packaway-related expense. In addition, freight costs grew by 35 basis points and occupancy and buying expenses increased by 10 basis points each.
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the period increased 10 basis points as higher wage-related costs were partially offset by favorable timing of expenses. 
 During the first quarter, we repurchased 3.4 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $320 million. We remain on track to buy back a total of $1.275 billion in stock for the year. 
 Let's turn now to our second quarter guidance. For the 13 weeks ending August 3, 2019, we're forecasting same-store sales to increase 1% to 2% on a top of a 5% gain last year.
 Earnings per share for the second quarter are projected to be in a range of $1.06 to $1.11, up from $1.04 in the prior year period. 
 The operating statement assumptions for our second quarter guidance include the following: total sales are projected to grow 5% to 6%. We expect to open 28 new stores during the period including the 22 Ross and 6 dd’s DISCOUNTS locations. If same-store sales are in line with our guidance then we project operating margin to be in the range of 13.2% to 13.4%. The forecasted decline from last year's 13.8% mainly reflects headwinds from higher wage and freight cost, partially offset by the anniversarying of last year's negative impact from packaway timing.
 In addition, we would expect some deleveraging on occupancy if comparable sales performed in line with our guidance.
 We expect net interest income of about $4 million, our tax rate is expected to be approximately 24% to 25% and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about $363 million. 
 Based on our first quarter results and second quarter guidance, we now project earnings per share for fiscal 2019 to be in the range of $4.38 to $4.52. This compares to EPS of $4.26 last year, which included a $0.07 per share benefit from the favorable resolution of a tax matter in the fourth quarter. Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara, for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. To sum up, we delivered respectful results in the first quarter despite difficulties in our Ladies apparel business. As I said earlier, we're working hard to improve our merchandise assortments and strengthen the values we offer in this important business. We do believe the steps we're taking in Ladies will lead to improved performance over time. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matt Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on a nice quarter. I guess on the top line, can you speak to Ladies apparel performance, maybe, versus plan in the first quarter? And just how much do you attribute to company's specific execution versus relative category weakness as we've heard this trend from a number of retailers in the last couple of quarters? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Well, obviously, I wouldn't talk versus plan, all I'll say is that Ladies on the top line trailed the chain. In terms of company execution versus relative performance in the outside world, we really feel that our execution was below our standards. And obviously, there are other outside factors, there's weather and there was whatever, but in terms of execution, we felt that our assortments were out of balance, that our value offerings were not as compelling as they should have been and obviously, the price value equation is critical. And so we really feel like it's an execution issue and not necessarily based off of other factors in the outside world. 
Matthew Boss: Got it. And then maybe just a follow-up on the margin front. On gross margins, what's your expectation for merchandise margin in the second quarter and then the balance of the year in the back half? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Matt. We don't give specific guidance by quarter. I will tell you when we started the year, we planned merchandise margin relatively flat for the year and at this point, that's what's embedded into our guidance for the remainder of the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: You've had a couple of your senior leaders leave over the past few months. I'm just hoping you could talk about the bench under them if you're planning external searches? Or how you are thinking about the leadership team going forward? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. What I would say, overall, our ability to -- we have a very deep bench of talented and long-tenured executives on the operational side and on the merchandising side. And so we have a strong succession plan in all of those worlds underneath. So we feel strongly that our bench at the senior level and the level below that is very solid. And as we know that certain executives where we knew that they were leaving, we had transition plans put in place for them, so that we could have a smooth transition and not have disruption to the business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Altschwager from Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: With respect to the comp guidance of 1% to 2%, I think last quarter you guided 0% to 2% given some of the headwinds you identified in Women's apparel. So I mean, is the fact that you're returning to that 1% to 2% range, even with the tougher Q2 comparison or reflection that you think the Women's apparel issue is improving as you move forward? Or are there other categories that are perhaps making up big difference in giving you some more broad-based confidence in the trajectory of the comp? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I'd say on the guidance, I mean, we did it too in the first quarter, so the 1% to 2% is kind in line on how we usually guide the business and that's all I'd read into it and that's the way I think about it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I wanted to know if there's any color you can provide on just the monthly cadence in the first quarter? And whether you saw the same sort of headwinds in February this year from delays in tax refunds that you had seen perhaps 2 years ago? And then secondarily, Barbara, I'm wondering if there is a good basic way to help us understand the out of balance in Women's, we're all -- many of us are finance people not merchants. So just maybe in simple terms, how would you explain to a non-merchant person what is the out-of-balance issue? And then is the lack of the value proposition you talked about or lack of compelling value, is that a function of the availability of goods in the market, the price that those goods are available for or perhaps maybe just some mistakes in the buying process? Any insight would be really appreciated. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, on the trends during the quarter, sales strengthened as the quarter progressed and as frankly as weather improved and obviously, also with the later Easter that was 3 weeks later last year. Like others, we -- the delay in tax refunds did have a short-term impact until they got caught up pretty quickly. I think overall, the tax refunds were slightly down for the kind of tax filing year. But hard to understand that's any impact to us for the entire quarter. 
Barbara Rentler: And then Kimberly, in terms of out of balance, I mean that some of the simplest examples would be I own not enough shorts, too much denim, it could be out of balance by classifications, it could be out of balance by price points. I mean those are the kinds of things I've been talking about out of balance to give you a couple of examples to put sides around it. In terms of offering the compelling value, it has nothing to do with the availability of goods, if there's a lot of merchandise in the market, there continues to be merchandise in the market. I would say that the overall merchandise offerings just weren't where they needed to be and really it was execution issues that were really below our standards. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Binetti from Crédit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: I wanted to maybe, Barbara, ask a similar question what Matt asked before. But when you think about how to isolate your comments to your business versus what's going on more broadly in a marketplace, obviously there's a quite a bit going on out there right now. But how much do you -- how do you assess your comment that Midwest was the strongest market relative to your own company's performance versus externals like the big Bon-Ton bankruptcy a year ago? Have you guys tried to measure how much that's helping add to the Midwest? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On the Midwest -- Michael, on the Midwest, Midwest has been comping well for us for -- frankly, since we entered the market in 2011. And it's been one of our strongest performing comp. And it continues to be a place that we're adding stores. So it's a newer store base and have been -- continued to be successful there in gaining market share. 
Barbara Rentler: And then in terms of -- I'm sorry, there was an echo there. In terms of our business [indiscernible] to comments people have made on the outside, we look at a number of metrics, Ladies to plan, other apparel businesses to plan and key classifications, churn, I mean, there's a variety of metrics that we look at to make that assessment overall. I mean it isn't just 1 metric, it's a series of metrics. 
Michael Binetti: Got it. And then if I could follow-up quickly. I think you said the merch margin was up 30 basis points in the quarter, but you think flat for the year. Michael, is there a point on the horizon where we see a minus sign in front of that? And then if so, any reason why? That's a planning or just erring on the side of conservatism? 
Michael Hartshorn: Well, when we entered the quarter, we were actually able to take -- be able to remain very flexible and so our margins were able to take advantage of closeouts during the quarter, which helped the margin. I would also say that we entered and exited the quarter with healthy inventory positions and therefore there wasn't markdown exposures. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Trussell from Deutsche Bank. 
Krisztina Katai: This is actually Krisztina Katai, on for Paul. I was just wondering if you could just maybe talk a little bit more about the weakness that you continue to see in Ladies apparel. I know you've discussed it earlier, but I'm just wondering what are some of the steps that you have taken to improve these results. And maybe the timeline to remedy it? And then just if you could just discuss some of the categories, what you saw there? I mean you called out men's outperforming, but what about some of the other categories such as home and beauty? If you could just share anything there? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. First, as it pertains to Ladies issues, as I've said before, we're working diligently to improve the assortments in this important area. But it's going to take time to complete -- address all of the issues for a chain of our size. That said, we believe that we will see improved performance as we move through the year. In terms of other categories, home and beauty, home was relatively in line with the chain and beauty outperformed the chain. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Simeon Siegel from Nomura Instinet. 
Simeon Siegel: Just given your comments on the inventory and the supply in the market, just any help on understanding why the inventory decline? And I guess, specifically packaway would've -- I thought, you would have had a nice opportunity there. So just any thoughts on that and the comfort in the ability to comp with the down inventory. 
Michael Hartshorn: So inventory was down just slightly at the end of the quarter. So we think we can continue to operate at that level of inventory and turn faster. On packaway, we're actually up against the very large number of last year. Packaway tends to be between 40% and 49% of the total inventory and that can vary over time. But I think we're happy with the level and the content of our packaway inventory as we ended the quarter. 
Barbara Rentler: Right. And in terms of supply in the market, there's an abundance of supply in the market just based off of Q1 performance and just -- even in just traditional department stores. So supply is not the issue, buying it at the right price and the right time is really a merchant's judgment call. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Morris from D.A. Davidson. 
John Morris: Congratulations on a good quarter. Very brief, I'm just curious why this shifting of the timing of the expense? Why that was particularly or generally happening in the current quarter? And then on the merch margin, merch margin was up, Women's -- however, Women's underperformed. So maybe if you can dive a little bit deeper to help us understand the differences there. Was it all men's or should we look at it from a different -- with a different filter in terms of why you were able to have that merch margin up despite the Women's underperformance? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On the timing, it was really broken into 2 pieces. It's -- part of it's just the packaway timing. And all of these timing, by the way, is not versus last year's versus our original guidance. And so what you've noticed we did is, we beat the first quarter by $0.04 and then up the full year by $0.02 on the top end of the range. So we're just trying to call that out. But part of it was packaway-related and part of it was SG&A cost that we expected to happen in the first quarter that will happen later in the year. And then just kind of on the merchandise margins, the reason we didn't have -- we're able to operate with higher merch margin and -- what's very important when you have a business that underperforms is that you manage the inventory. And with Ladies and overall inventories, we entered -- both entered and exited the quarter with healthy inventory positions. So I think that's an important part of the margin improvement. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Sharon Lui: This is Lui, on for Ike. I wanted to ask about the margin dynamics in the quarter just around freight since I know that it's been such an outsized drag on your costs. How are you thinking about that dynamic for the balance of the year and in Q2? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. So -- and maybe it's best to go through last year. Last year, the freight cost escalated as we moved through the year. So in our initial call this year, we said that we thought freight would be a negative impact for the first half of the year and then as we round some of the increases we had in the last year's second half, that the cost would abate. So that's -- our thoughts continue to be that the first half of the year, we'll have freight pressure and then we'll have a lower cost versus last year in the back half. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez from Citigroup. 
Tracy Kogan: It's Tracy, filling in for Paul. I just had a follow-up question packaway. I was wondering if you're seeing more availability in certain categories versus others and maybe perhaps in categories that are already being impacted by tariffs. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, availability is pretty broad-based in terms of categories where the tariff is -- as I'm sure, you've properly read a lot of vendors brought merchandise into the country even starting a few months ago to get ahead of the 10% tariff even before the 25%. So I would say there is -- in certain pockets of those classifications, there are vendors who own inventories. And then there are some that really don't own excess inventories. So that's kind of a mix story based on classification. And then in terms of apparel, apparels availability is broad-based. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro from The Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Great job in a cold and very late Easter first quarter. I'm not going to ask about your Ladies apparel. I'm actually curious about your real estate. You were one of the few net openers of stores out there and in a space where there are a lot of people vacating. So if you could just talk to us a little bit about the tone of your -- of what you're seeing out there for your leases? And are you able to go back to some of your existing leases and renegotiate? Or what percentage of your leases are coming up for renewal each year? If you could just put some color around that. 
Michael Hartshorn: So we have seen closures with other retailers and that's been going on for quite a while. We tend to look 2 to 3 years out and feel pretty confident that we'll be able to achieve our store opening targets. We didn't really comment on the leases, but whenever there's closures, it generally means good news for everybody. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Sole with UBS. 
Jay Sole: A couple of questions going to where tariff was mentioned. Can you just talk about how the company is planning to handle the situation if there are new tariffs applied to apparel and footwear? And can you talk about what percent of your merchandise is imported from China into stores directly? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. So like everybody else, we're closely monitoring the trade talks and tariffs and at this point, it's too early to say what the potential impact could be on the industry. Our focus is to maintain a pricing umbrella versus traditional retailers and offer the best values to the customers. At this point, it's unclear how the industry would react with increases to apparel and shoes. And -- but we certainly would not be the price increased leader in that regard. The silver lining is we have a flexible business model and can react to the price increases and disruptions like this that historically meant to supply opportunities for off-price. And then we wouldn't comment on the direct-sourcing question, what percentage is directly sourced from China. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: It is on the underperformance in the Women's apparel. Were there any changes in staffing for senior merchants? Or any significant changes in your relationship with vendors? Or any quality issues coming up with vendors that were unanticipated? I'm just trying to diagnose better what's going on and how long it might take to fix? 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. Well, in terms of the team, no, there were no significant changes. We have a very large and talented merchant team, very tenured. And it's the same team that has delivered results for many years and being able to deliver value to the customer. In terms of relationships in the market, no, we have -- again, we have a very large merchant team whether in Ladies or in the entire company. So out there -- we're constantly out there building relationships and trying to do more business. So I don't see any relationships or quality issues. The issues are really they are internal. They are execution issues and we're working diligently, as I said before, to correct those issues. But because of our size, we believe, we'll see improved performance as we move through the year. But the issues are not external, the issues are internal. It's our execution. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexandra Walvis with Goldman Sachs. 
Alexandra Walvis: I had a question on the category you mentioned in response to a prior question that was tracking in line with the chain. I think that represented a little bit of a deceleration in that category from prior, some of your peers and other retailers have called out some softness in home category and some difficulties with the competitive environment. I was wondering if you could comment on your experience there? How you're seeing demand, pricing and so forth? 
Barbara Rentler: From the -- just from the general, the general classification of home, again, some of our businesses are a lot better than... 
Alexandra Walvis: Yes. That's... 
Barbara Rentler: I'm sorry, go ahead. 
Alexandra Walvis: Yes. That was... 
Barbara Rentler: Walvis, go ahead and continue. Why don't you continue with the question? 
Alexandra Walvis: Yes. Sure. I was just wondering if you could comment a little bit more on your experience in the general home classification and if you have any comments beneath that level in terms of what's performing well or less well and how well the market is in that category that would also be really helpful? 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. Generally, some businesses in home are better than others. I really wouldn't go into the specifics of that on the call. I think the home category, as a general statement for the market is that's where a lot of people haven't absorbed increased costs. And so I think the market maybe depending upon the classification discipline, the market maybe a little bit more disrupted than others, some classes more than others and therefore, in some of the businesses, there's more opportunities for us and in some of the other businesses, there's less opportunity. And so -- and then -- so the balance of it maybe a little bit different than it's been probably for everyone in the last few months. Without getting into more specifics on the call, I mean, that's kind of the general gist of what's going on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Merriman from Bernstein. 
Jamie Merriman: I think in the prepared remarks you mentioned that the driver of the comp performance was the basket size increasing. But I'm just wondering if you could speak to what you've seen in traffic over the last quarter? I mean also maybe break that basket size down into price versus units. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. So as we mentioned in the remarks the 2% comp was driven by the increase in the basket. The basket was driven by higher units per transaction, AUR was down slightly. And with traffic, given the performance in Ladies apparel, we think that had an impact on traffic for the quarter. And again, the way we measure traffic is through the number of transactions. We actually do not have traffic cameras. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Do you think about just the state of the consumer, anything you are picking up that in this first quarter was different than in quarters past that would've made a difference in top line? Whether it is delayed tax refunds or obviously the comparison? And did you see a difference in performance of dd's versus Ross? 
Michael Hartshorn: With the consumer, there is nothing I'd call out. With tax refunds, the refund cycle was completed in the quarter. So perhaps there was timing differences within the quarter. But there is nothing really that I'd call out. I mean first quarter has been tough for us and other retailers versus the rest of the year for a number of years. And dd's versus Ross -- yes, dd's actually -- we were pleased with the performance and we're ahead of last year. So we're pleased -- as we said in our commentary, we're pleased with their results. 
Dana Telsey: And on the real estate front, what are you seeing in terms of the opportunity for relocations? And as you're renewing existing leases, is there opportunity for occupancy cost improvement? 
Michael Hartshorn: So we tend to relocate on average about 10 -- relocate or -- and open about 10 stores on a year. And we're always looking to improve stores that are underperforming for various reasons. On the -- the second question was on opportunity to improve leases? 
Barbara Rentler: Yes. On... 
Dana Telsey: Yes. 
Michael Hartshorn: On occupancy overall and leases, I mean we've seen a pretty big market for the last number of years and -- so I think it's remained pretty stable to that -- to what it's been like over the last several years. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Drbul from Guggenheim Securities. 
Robert Drbul: I was just wondering if you could give us an update just in terms of what you're seeing on your labor costs and the outlook for the year, if there's been any change from that perspective. And then second question is just around dd's versus Ross. Can you give us an idea on sort of vendor overlap and sort of how that might be trending over the last few years? 
Michael Hartshorn: On the wage front, our most recent national increase, the $11 we did in the second quarter last year, we believe, it keeps us competitively positioned. That said, we always take a market-to-market approach in determining our wage rates and that will not change and in fact, many of our markets are well above the $11. And as we always have done, we'll make the necessary adjustments to ensure we continue to attract and retain talented associates. 
Barbara Rentler: And it pertains to dd's versus Ross with vendor overlap, the dd's customer is a lower-income customer. So there is some overlap to Ross, but not a large overlap with Ross. 
Robert Drbul: Got it. And dd's, as you open up more stores, are you able to open in the closer proximity to Ross Stores. Can you just give us an idea just in terms of like the trade areas? How you really see that developing as well? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I think it -- I think we look at it market by market. There are some markets where Ross alone make sense and other markets where the 2 of them really enhance having them close by. So we take a market-by-market approach. And you'll find locations where we're next door to each other. 
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of John Kernan from Cowen. 
Krista Zuber: This is Krista Zuber, on for John. I just wanted to follow up on 2 previous questions. One on inventory and one on freight. Just in terms of where you're thinking your inventory positioning or levels will be at the end of the year? And then secondly on freight. You mentioned that sort of your guidance or your thinking was unchanged, is that a reflection of the renegotiations you'd expected to have this year for the rates? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On inventory, at the end of the year, that's a long way out. But the way we have it planned is store positions to be relatively flat at this point. On freight, we have pretty good visibility on our renegotiations with our freight, again, a recap last year, the cost escalated as we moved through the year. And so in the front half, we've continued to see wage pressure -- or not wage pressure -- the freight pressure on -- just based on rates and market, inflationary cost in the freight industry. And then in the back half, we're up against those larger increases. So our viewpoint at this point is that they will -- they'll abate as we move through the year. 
Krista Zuber: And if ask -- I could just add one more follow-up. Just kind of looking at your free cash flow generation, I think you stepped up the CapEx this year to about $600 million when you gave guidance at the end of the fourth quarter. I'm just curious, is this how we should think about the run-rate of CapEx as a percentage of sales going forward? 
Travis Marquette: This is Travis. We're still planning CapEx at around $600 million for the year. And as you may recall that includes the initial investments at our next distribution center. In terms of spending going forward, we wouldn't be too specific for the future, but suffice it to say, it takes a little while to build the distribution centers. So we expect CapEx to be elevated for the next couple of years. 
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler, for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-03-04 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores' Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I'd like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, new store openings and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk Factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2017 Form 10-K and fiscal 2018 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Group Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
 We'll begin our call today with a review of our fourth quarter and 2018 performance followed by our outlook for 2019. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 
 Let me first start the discussion of today's financial results by noting that our 2018 fourth quarter and fiscal year were 13- and 52-week periods, respectively, while our 2017 fourth quarter and fiscal year were 14- and 53-week period. 
 The 53rd week added approximately $219 million in sales and $0.10 in earnings per share to 2017's fourth quarter and fiscal year. Further, the extra week added about 70 and 20 basis points, respectively, to operating margin in last year's fourth quarter and full year. 
 Now let's turn to today's results. As noted in today's press release, sales and earnings for both the fourth quarter and fiscal year outperformed our expectation. As we also mentioned, we achieved these results despite our own challenging multiyear comparisons and weakness in our Ladies apparel business during the holiday season. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended February 2, 2019, were $1.20 versus $1.19 in the 14 weeks ended February 3, 2018. Net earnings for the 2018 fourth quarter were $442 million versus $451 million in the prior year. 
 For the 52 weeks ended February 2, 2019, earnings per share grew to $4.26 compared to $3.55 in the 53 weeks ended February 3, 2018. Fiscal 2018 net earnings were $1.6 billion, up from $1 point billion in fiscal 2017. 
 Now let's turn to our recent sales results. For the 13 weeks ended February 2, 2019, total sales were $4.1 billion. Comparable store sales for the period rose 4% over a strong 5% gain in last year's fourth quarter. For the 52 weeks ended February 2, 2019, sales increased 6% to $15 billion with comparable store sales up 4% on top of 4% gains in each of the 3 prior years. 
 For the fourth quarter, men's was the best-performing area and as I said, Ladies underperformed. Geographically, the Southeast and the Midwest were the strongest regions. 
 dd’s DISCOUNTS customers continued to respond positively to its merchandise assortments leading to another quarter and year of solid gains in both sales and operating profit. 
 As we ended 2018, total consolidated inventories were up 7% over the prior year with packaway levels at 46% of the total compared to 49% last year. Average in-store inventories were down slightly versus last year. As noted in today's release, our board authorized a new program to repurchase $2.55 billion of common stock over the next 2 fiscal years. 
 Our recent stock prices with new repurchase program represents about 8% of the company's total market share and a 31% increase over the prior 2-year of $1.95 billion authorization that was completed in January 2019. 
 The board also approved an increase in the quarterly cash dividend to $0.255 per share, up 13% over the prior year. The increases to our shareholder payouts for 2019 reflects the current strength of our balance sheet and our ongoing ability to generate significant amounts of cash as to funding and other capital -- funding growth and other capital needs of the business. We have repurchased stock as planned every year since 1993 and raised our cash dividend annually since its inception in 1994. This consistent record also reflects our continuing commitment to enhance shareholder value and returns. 
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our 2018 results and details on our 2019 full year and first quarter guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. As Barbara mentioned earlier, earnings per share for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2018 year were $1.20 and $4.26, respectively. These results compared to fourth quarter 2017 earnings per share of $1.19 and $3.55 for the year. Our earnings per share results for both the 2018 fourth quarter and fiscal year reflect a onetime noncash gain of $0.07 related to the favorable resolution of a tax matter as well as a $0.19 benefit from tax reform legislation in the fourth quarter and $0.70 for the year. 
 In addition to the $0.10 earnings per share benefit from last year's 53rd week, our 2017 fourth quarter and fiscal year EPS results also included a $0.21 benefit from the adoption of tax reform legislation consisting of a onetime $0.14 gain due to a revaluation of deferred taxes and $0.07 from a lower tax rate. 
 Now I'll discuss further details on our fourth quarter results. Our 4% comparable store sales gain in the quarter was driven by a combination of higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket. So better-than-expected operating margin of 13.2% for the period was down from last year. 
 The 135 basis points decline was primarily due to the approximate 70 basis points benefit in the 2017 fourth quarter from the 53rd week and as expected, higher freight and wage cost. 
 For the full year, operating margin declined 85 basis points to 13.6%, due in part to last year's 20 basis points benefit from the 53rd week. 
 Cost of goods sold for the year increased 55 basis points, consisting of 40 basis points of higher freight costs, a 15 basis point increase in distribution expenses and a 10 and 5 basis point rise in buying and occupancy cost, respectively. These expense pressures were partially offset by a 15 basis point increase in merchandise gross margin. 
 SG&A for the year rose 30 basis points, driven by higher wages. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.1 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price at $268 million. For the full year, we repurchased 12.5 million shares for an aggregate price of $1.075 billion. 
 Now let's discuss our outlook for 2019. For the 52 weeks ending February 1, 2020, we are forecasting earnings per share to be $4.30 to $4.50, up from $4.26 for fiscal 2018. Our guidance reflects the adoption of the new lease accounting standard, which is not expected to have a significant impact to our earnings results. The operating statement assumptions for fiscal 2019 include the following: Total sales are projected to grow 5% to 6% for the 52 weeks ending February 1, 2020 compared to the 52 weeks ending February 2, 2019. Comparable store sales are expected to increase 1% to 2% on top of multiple years of strong gains. We plan to add about 100 new stores this year consisting of approximately 75 Ross and 25 dd’s DISCOUNTS locations. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores. We project that operating margin for 2019 will be in the range of 13.2% to 13.4% compared to 13.6% in 2018. The forecasted decline reflects our plans for relatively flat gross margin and some deleveraging of expenses if same-store sales increase 1% to 2%. 
 Net interest income is estimated to be $17.6 million. Our tax rate is projected to be approximately 24%. We expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about $362 million. Capital expenditures in 2019 are projected to be approximately $600 million, which includes the initial investment for our next distribution center. And depreciation and amortization expense inclusive of stock-based amortization is forecast to be about $450 million. 
 Let's move now to our first quarter guidance. Given the recent underperformance in Ladies apparel, a business that becomes more important in the first quarter, we are forecasting comparable store sales to be flat to up 2%. Earnings per share are projected to be $1.05 to $1.11 versus $1.11 for the first quarter ended May 5, 2018. Other assumptions that support our first quarter guidance include the following: Total sales are planned to increase 3% to 6%. We expect to open 22 new Ross and 6 dd’s DISCOUNTS locations during the quarter. 
 First quarter operating margin is projected to be 13.4% to 13.8% versus last year's 15.1%. This forecasted decline includes expectations for a negative impact from the timing of packaway-related expenses that benefited last year's first quarter and ongoing headwinds from higher freight and wage cost in the first half of 2019.
 Net interest income for the quarter is estimated to be about $4.9 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 23%. And finally, weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be around $367 million. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. Again, we delivered better-than-expected sales and earnings gains for both the fourth quarter and fiscal year. Looking ahead, while we hope to do better, we continue to take a prudent approach to forecasting our business for 2019. Although we remain favorably positioned as an off-price retailer, we are facing our own difficult multiyear comparisons, a very competitive retail landscape in an uncertain macroeconomic and political environment. 
 Longer-term though, we remain confident in our ability to achieve ongoing profitable market share gains by consistently offering customers outstanding values throughout our store. As long as we remain focused on the careful execution of our proven off-price strategies, we believe we can continue to deliver solid growth in both sales and earnings. 
 Before we begin the question-and-answer session, I'd like to thank John Call for his leadership and the numerous contributions he has made over more than 2 decades at Ross, including previously serving as CFO for 16 years. John begins his planned transition to an advisory role at the end of this month. 
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats on a nice quarter. So, I guess, maybe my question is just on Ladies apparel, maybe on the weakness. Could you just elaborate on the drivers maybe how best to think about the timeframe to work through any excess inventory? And larger picture, what drove that and the time frame to correct it? 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. First of all, the Ladies apparel business got off course, because we didn't have the right balance of our assortments in certain categories within the total apparel business. So as a result, we left some money on the table in seasonal areas of the business. In terms of excess inventories or residual inventory left in stores, we don't have any excess issues that we need to deal with or go through. In terms of correcting the merchandise miscues, what I would say is, obviously, we'll course correct as quickly as possible, but we expect gradual improvement as we rebalance the assortment throughout the year. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just a follow-up on the expense front. I guess, what's the best way to think about the threshold needed from a comp perspective to leverage SG&A this year? And is there any difference in the front versus the back half of the year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Matthew. On expenses, SG&A this year the leverage point is about 3%, which is in line with our historical averages pre-2018. We would expect more deleverage in the front half. As a reminder, we increased our national minimum wage in the second quarter of last year. So we have to round that in the first and a little bit of the second quarter. In addition, in overall operating margin freight cost escalated as we moved through the year last year. So those will be more of a drag in the first half versus the second half. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Could you quantify the freight headwinds that you're seeing? And then, also maybe comment on some of the contracts that are coming this year? Are you seeing some relief in the rates versus this time last year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Lorraine. In terms of the impact of freight. So as we expected, first on the fourth quarter. So the fourth quarter there was 135 basis point drag. 70 basis points of the decline was due to the 53rd week. The remaining 65 basis points was a combination of higher freight and wage cost. For the fiscal year, freights we had a 40 basis point drag for the full year. As we move into 2018, the drag was, obviously, higher in the third and fourth quarter. So we'd expect a continued drag in the first and second quarter and then be somewhat neutral later in the year. Our contracts, if you compare against the spot rates, actually in many cases are lower than the spot rates. So as we go through contract renewal this year, we would expect rates there somewhat normalize. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Simeon Siegel from Nomura Instinet. 
Unknown Analyst: [ Steven Ferris ] on for Simeon. I had a question on the flat gross margin implications. You guys touched on freight, but maybe how should we think about distribution costs, occupancy and maybe how our merchant margins will shake out for the year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. In my commentary, the gross margin was intended to be merchant margin so we expect merchant margin to be relatively flat for the year and we didn't provide additional guidance on DC costs. Like the rest of the business, we would expect some wage headwinds in the DCs in the first half of the year more than the second half. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Trussell from Deutsche Bank. 
Paul Trussell: Just on Ladies apparel. Is the thought process [Technical Difficulty] comp in fourth quarter by a -- negatively by about a point? And is that the thought process as well for the first quarter? 
Barbara Rentler: Paul, you cut out -- the phone cut out. Could you just repeat the question? 
Paul Trussell: Yes. I just wanted to follow up on Ladies apparel. Just to maybe get a better assessment around what you thought the impact to the comp was in the fourth quarter? And I know that, that is a little bit bigger business in 1Q. Just how you're thinking about that? And any other puts and takes that you can provide around your first quarter guidance? 
Barbara Rentler: In terms of being more specific on Ladies apparel for the first quarter guidance, for competitive reasons, I wouldn't be more specific other than to say that it's built into our guidance for Ladies performance. 
Paul Trussell: Understood. And what is the impact of the packaway in the first quarter? And should we think that, that -- is that going to continue at all into the second quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Paul. In Q1, we're lapping the packaway-related timing -- as packaway levels rose during the quarter last year, it was worth about 45 basis points last year. Packaway levels are tough to predict, so our guidance at this point assumes that the benefit doesn't recur, and we wouldn't talk about the impact beyond the first quarter. We'll give you an update in our May conference call and first quarter results. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: So I'm sorry to jump on the Ladies apparel train. But I guess, Barbara or Michael, I think the last time you had an issue in the category I think was early 2016. I know you guys can't -- don't want to be too specific. But I'm just kind of curious, the similarities that are happening today versus back then? And then, again, when I look back then, it didn't take you long to kind of course correct, I think, you were back in a 4% comp range 3 months later. Is there anything different this time around? I guess, I'm just trying to compare today and what happened several years ago? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. What I would tell you is that the issues really aren't related. What went on in 2016 was really wrong product coloration seasonality. What we're talking about here is that our assortments were not balanced in certain categories. And so I think these -- from a merchant perspective, they're 2 completely unrelated issues. In terms of correcting the issue, obviously, we've been trying to correct it as quickly as possible, but we're going to expect gradual improvement as the months go on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Oh, sorry, I was on mute. Let me make sure I congratulate John Call on a very long and distinguished career, and I wish him well in retirement. Barbara, I wanted to just ask quickly on the merchandising issue in women's. It sounds like a balance issue. Is it the case also that there was -- that the merchants' bought the wrong goods? I'm just trying to figure out if there is liable inventory here heading into Q1? Or is it -- it's simply the case that you thought you could have done more business in Ladies in the fourth quarter and maybe potentially in the first quarter if you had, for example, either more winter seasonal goods or just a better balance to the assortment? And then separately, you mentioned the Midwest and Southeast as the best-performing regions. I was wondering, if you're seeing any sort of benefit in your stores from competitor store closings? And if you've noticed, for example, Bon-Ton -- Bon-Ton's presence in the Midwest? Is there any sort of benefit that you're seeing in those stores that are co-located? 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, I'll start with regional performance. As we mentioned, Southeast and the Midwest were the strongest. The Midwest has been the strongest for some time now since we entered the market in 2011. So no change -- I'd say no significant change in trend over the year. Yes, your second question was on Ladies? 
Barbara Rentler: And on Ladies, to -- trying to put this in a nutshell [indiscernible]. The imbalance to the assortment is by -- is in certain category. And then your question, Kimberly, is the game within the game of the assortment within the assortment. Yes, that varies by different business. What we did feel is that we did leave seasonal opportunity on the table because of our imbalance, which would have driven more Q4 business had we been in better shape in those businesses. As we move into Q1, we start obviously transitioning into different products. However, that does take time to change up that assortment. That's not going to be a 1 month, 2 months switch. So it will gradually take time. The other thing is in turn to get the balance -- to balance the way we want to be. The other thing in terms of having any liable inventory issues or bad packaway or anything along those lines, we don't have that. We absolutely cleaned that up, and so we need to take the time to ship the assortment to get it back to where we need it to be. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Morris from D.A. Davidson. 
John Morris: My congratulations on a great year as well. Weather impact, I realized we did talk about the regional strength. I'm just wondering if you step back and look at it what that filter of weather, whether or not weather had a particular impact on you either in Q4 or in as much as you talk about seasonal areas with women's? And then I got one quick follow-up. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. Weather was relatively neutral for us year-over-year. I ment -- I know we mentioned the Southeast and Midwest, but the strength was fairly broad-based. Some of our major markets Texas, California, were in line with the chain. Florida, also a large market for us, was slightly below the chain average. It was up against 2017, when it was our strongest performing region. 
Barbara Rentler: And I don't think the weather impact -- no, I don't think the weather impact is what hurt our business. 
John Morris: Got you. And then my follow-up really is about the DC. The timing and maybe highlight some of the potential benefits you'll be getting from that in terms of the impact? I mean, is that typical in terms of your speed and your ability to distribute? Talk a little bit more about the new DC? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. The new DC is strictly a capacity place for us as we grow the business. That said, it's their large distribution centers. It could be as large as 1,700,000 square feet. It'll take us a couple of years to get it in place. That said, we do plan to put automation investments that we think can help our productivity. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Hofkin from William Blair. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just wondering if you could throw out a little bit more of some of the category detail. I think you just give some additional regional detail aside from men's and Ladies apparel, maybe some things like home or other categories? If there's any additional color there that you can share? 
Barbara Rentler: Basically, home performs in line with the chain average. And that's on top of solid growth over the last several years and after that most of the other businesses performed in line with the chain. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And then if I could just apologize one simply this is one of the last questions about the Ladies apparel. Would you expect this fix in terms of time, the amount of time required to be shorter than really 2016 per the earlier question or similar, later? 
Barbara Rentler: Versus 2016, I think these are 2 different types of issues. My expectation is that there'll be gradual improvements. I'm not putting a specific time frame to it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Marni Shapiro from Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Congratulations and John congratulations. Enjoy your retirement. You were the only Mike -- or Michael, who lasted this long there it seems. For a while, it was all Mike, Mike, Michael and Michael and then John. 
John Call: Hi, Marni. It made things easier, yes. 
Marni Shapiro: Exactly, we always remembered you. So -- and actually move away from women's for just a moment, and ask just a quick breakdown, you said average basket was up. I was curious if that was driven by AUR or UPT? And then, I guess, Barbara, can you talk a little bit about any opportunity you see out there with Payless going away, which has a nice shoe business. I mean, it's a family business, which your stores are family-driven. And also Kids R Us, I don't know how often your stores crossed with them. But did you see any benefit where those stores are gone again. I view them as a family business, and I view your stores as family stores as well. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. As it pertains to Payless going away, obviously, that would -- you would think will represent a market share opportunity because it is a family business, and having large amount of stores. So it remains to be seen how much for shopping between the customers, but we would think that would be just a market share play. In terms of Kids are Us, when that went out -- Michael, do we have -- do we think we saw any impact on any of that from the Kids R Us stores on us? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Well, I think your question, Marni, this is Michael O'Sullivan, Marni. So I think, your question was broader in terms of as other retailers go out or close down stores, as Barbara mentioned, it can only help. That sales volume has to go somewhere. And you'd expect that the remaining resellers in those areas would pick up some of that volume. And in any given year, we think we benefited from that over the last few years as retailers have closed stores or going out of business altogether. But I wouldn't say it's been material to our results over that period. And as we look forward, same thing. We should continue to benefit, if we do our jobs right, but I don't think it'll be material to the overall business. 
Michael Hartshorn: Marni, and on the component of sales so the 4 comp was driven by, as we said in the comments, higher traffic and increasing the size of the average basket. The basket was driven entirely by UPT as AUR was flat for the quarter for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez from Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: John, congrats and best of luck, sir. Question, maybe a little bit more color on dd’s operating margin versus Ross coming out of 2018. Any more data you can give to us in terms of the size of that business and the margin? Also I'm curious if the issues that you saw in the ladies business, you also saw that on the dd’s side as well. And Barbara, just high level on Ladies, is it that your buyers weren't buying the right stuff? Or was the right stuff not available? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. So Paul, on dd’s, as Barbara said in her opening remarks, dd’s customers responded very well to our merchandise assortments in Q4 and the business posted solid gains in both sales and operating profit. And as you know, we don't disclose a lot of detail on dd’s and a couple of reasons for that. One is, it's really only around about 10% of our business, so 90% of our business is Ross Dress for Less. And then the other point I would make is, in general many of the same trends that we talk about on these calls apply to Ross and to dd’s. So we tend not to give a lot of detail on -- or a lot of additional detail on dd’s. 
Barbara Rentler: And as it pertains to Ladies, it wasn't an availability issue. I would say that we brought in some wrong product and I would say that the weighting of the categories of the businesses that we had more balanced where we'd like them to be balanced. So merchandise miscue. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Binetti from Crédit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Michael, regarding the comment that merch margins were up about 15 basis points. Last year, I think you said you -- would you mind helping us click down into that a little bit to know what the tailwinds were there? Was it IMU lower markdown levels, anything with a mix? And then what rolls off in the guidance for merch margins to be about flat this year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. So for the quarter, merchandise margin was up slightly on a 52-week basis. For the full year, merchandise margin was up 15 basis points. And again, that was up against the 25 basis point improvement in 2017 and then move forward into 2019, we're planning merchandise margin to be flattish. What drove it this year was a combination of better buying and lower markdowns. Anytime we can exceed our sales plan, we can chase the business with closeouts and also leverage markdown. 
Michael Binetti: And as you -- Michael, as you look across the margin outlook for the company and really to the off-price space, you had a couple of years of pretty persistent cost pressure from freight wages. You guys navigated as well as anybody. But when you sit here on these calls with us, we get a pretty stable outlook from you for the year ahead every year with how much volatility you've always expressed a lot of confidence and be able to navigate those things. But as you look out, do you think there has to be something more dramatic for the group to get down to try and restore to what you think are the right profitability levels given that we've seen just a few years now of wages and freight? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, I would say for us, 2018 was the exception. Obviously, at the beginning of the year, we knew we were getting a benefit from tax reform and we made an important investment in raising our national minimum wage to $11 an hour. So that was the exception. If we look ahead to 2019, we're guiding a [ 1% to 2% ]. And with that, we're guiding $4.30 to $4.50 compared to $4.26 last year, it's up [ 1 to 6 ]. As a reminder, last year that also included a onetime $0.07 benefit from a favorable resolution, the tax matter in the fourth quarter. Excluding that onetime item we're at EPS growth of [ $1 to $2 ] and EPS about [ 3 to 7 ], which is in line with how we've historically guided the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: Barbara, on the issues in women's, do you think that some of the missteps were just driven by becoming tougher to execute an off-price model with the kind of scale that you have now? Or is it your belief that this was just purely an execution mishap that is unlikely to recur? 
Barbara Rentler: I don't -- it's a misstep and I'd like to tell you that, it'd never occur again, but I don't think I'd be saying that. I don't think anyone could ever say that about any business. I don't think it's an off-price tougher to execute model. I don't think that's the issue. I think the issues were internal, self-inflicted. It's the assortment that we built out for the customer. I don't think it has anything to do with our price model, with future, what could go on. We really just need now to go in and correct that. And so, Obviously, Ladies is a very large business in off-price and everywhere else. And so it's important for us to do, but I don't think it's a model issue. I think it -- we had merchandise miscues that we need to correct and we will go and correct them during 2019. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexandra Walvis from Goldman Sachs. 
Alexandra Walvis: I had a question about the relocation strategy. So it looks like the plan is for relocations and somewhat consistent with the number that you've done in prior years. And it was noticed some competitors in the retail space, who have been ramping up the number of relocations they're doing as more opportunities come up as you see closures across the market. How are you looking at opportunities here? And could that be more opportunities to ramp up relocations as those opportunities present themselves? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Alexandra, we open about 100 new stores a year and in any given year that includes a handful of relos. I don't expect that, that number will change significantly over the next couple of years. We always respond if there are additional opportunities here or there, but I don't think it will -- it is not going to change materially. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Bob Drbul from Guggenheim. 
Robert Drbul: Just following up on Alex's question. On the new stores, can you talk about new store productivity and performance? And as you continue to do like the 100 stores a year in terms of new real estate, any changes to the real estate availability or cost that you're seeing versus the past few years? 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of new store productivity it's actually been fairly stable over the last 5 years since we've entered the Midwest. So on average, a new store is about 60% to 65% of an average comp store in the chain and then in the first few years, it ramps faster than the chain average. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then on your question about availability, I would say going back over the last several years, we've been running at a sort of 90 to a 100 new store rate. And we plan those stores and we look for real estate several years out. And as we look at that pipeline, no major changes in availability. I think availability has been I think reasonably good over the last several years and we expect that to continue. 
Operator: That was our last question at this time. I'll now turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-19 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Ross Store's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions].
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2017 Form 10-K and fiscal 2018 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good morning. Joining me on our call today are Mike O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Group Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, VP, Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with a review of our third quarter and year-to-date performance, followed by our outlook for the remainder of the year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As noted in today's press release, both sales and earnings for the quarter were ahead of our forecast despite being up against very strong multiyear comparisons. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended November 3, 2018, were $0.91, up from $0.72 for the quarter ended October 28, 2017. Net earnings grew to $338 million, up from $274 million in the prior year. Our third quarter 2018 earnings results include a benefit from tax reform legislation of approximately $0.16 per share.
 Sales for the third quarter rose 7% to $3.5 billion, with comparable store sales up 3% over the 13 weeks ended November 4, 2017. This compares to a 4% gain in same-store sales for the prior year period ended October 28, 2017.
 The Midwest and Florida were the strongest regions for the quarter, while men's was the top-performing merchandise category. 
 Though above plan, operating margin of 12.4% for the third quarter was down from last year as higher merchandise margins was more than offset by planned increases in freight and this year's wage investments. For the first 9 months, earnings per share were $3.06, up from $2.36 last year. 
 Net earnings were $1.1 billion compared to $912 million in the prior year. The year-to-date earnings results include an approximate benefit of $0.51 per share from tax reform legislation. Sales year-to-date rose 8% to $10.9 billion, with comparable store sales up 3% over the 39 weeks ended November 4, 2017. This compares to a 4% gain for the 9 months ended October 28, 2017. 
 As we entered the third quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 8%, with average in-store inventories up 9% compared to last year.
 As planned, store inventories increased due to the earlier Thanksgiving this year. Packaway, as a percent of total inventories, was 41% compared to 46% last year.
 Similar to Ross, dd's DISCOUNT continued to post better-than-expected gains in both sales and operating profits for the period. 
 Turning to our expansion program. We opened 30 new Ross and 10 dd's DISCOUNT locations in the third quarter completing our 2018 store opening program. We expect to end the year with 1,477 Ross and 235 dd's DISCOUNT stores for a net increase of 95 locations for fiscal 2018.
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our third quarter results and details on our guidance for the remainder of the year. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Let's start with our third quarter results. Our 3% comparable store sales gain was driven by increases in both traffic and the size of the average basket. As Barbara mentioned, third quarter operating margin of 12.4% was down from last year, though better than forecast. 
 Cost of goods sold for the quarter rose 60 basis points, as a 20 basis point increase in merchandise margins was more than offset by 50 basis points of higher freight costs and increases of 15 basis points each from buying and distribution expenses. Occupancy costs were flat for the quarter.
 Selling, general and administrative expenses during the period increased by 30 basis points due to the previously mentioned wage investments. During the quarter, we repurchased 2.9 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $278 million. Year-to-date, we have bought back a total of 9.4 million shares for an aggregate price of $807 million.
 We remain on track to buy back a total of 1.075 billion in common stock during fiscal 2018.
 Let's turn now to our fourth quarter outlook. As reported in our press release, while we hope to do better, we continue to project fourth quarter comparable store sales to increase 1% to 2% versus our strongest prior year comparable store sales gain of 5%. We are now forecasting our earnings per share to be in the range of $1.09 to $1.14, which includes a onetime noncash benefit of approximately $0.07 per share related to the favorable resolution of a tax matter.
 This updated guidance compares to earnings per share for the 14 weeks ended February 3, 2018 of $1.19, which included a per share benefit of $0.14 from a onetime revaluation of deferred taxes and $0.10 from the 53rd week.
 The operating statement assumptions for the holiday period guidance include the following. Total sales are projected to decrease 1% to 2%, and operating margin is forecast to be in the range of 12.6% to 12.8% versus 14.6% last year. This guidance reflects a negative impact from the additional week last year, which benefited sales by $219 million and operating margin by 70 basis points. 
 Net interest income is estimated to be about $3.6 million. Our tax rate is planned at approximately 19% to 20%, which includes the aforementioned onetime tax benefit. And we expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about $370 million.
 Based on our year-to-date results and projected fourth quarter guidance, we are now planning earnings per share for the full year on a 52-week basis to be in the range of $4.15 to $4.20.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. Looking ahead to this year's holiday season, while we hope to do better, we believe it's prudent to maintain a somewhat conservative posture entering the fourth quarter. As previously mentioned, our projected same-store sales growth of 1% to 2% is on top of robust multiyear gains. In addition, we expect another intensely competitive holiday season, both in brick-and-mortar and online. Nonetheless, we remain confident in the strength of off-price and, most importantly, our ability to perform well within this sector. As long as we remain focused on the careful execution of our strategies, we believe we can continue to achieve solid gains in both sales and earnings as we have for some time now. 
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Simeon Siegel from Nomura Instinet. 
Simeon Siegel: First off, do you have a view you could share on the health of just a broader retail channel into holiday? And then, Mike, could you speak to the moving pieces you'd expect within gross margin for 4Q? And then maybe anything to keep in mind for going forward? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. A view of the health of the broader retail channel? 
Simeon Siegel: Yes, just how you're thinking about pricing and inventory levels, the full price channel. 
Barbara Rentler: Pricing. And the full price channel? Okay. I think this fourth quarter will be as fiercely competitive as it's been in the past. So in terms of pricing, my expectation would be is that there'll still tremendous promotions and that, that's what people used to drive the business. In terms of just a general health overall of the channel, I mean, obviously, there's more money in the economy. And so one would expect that consumers would be spending, but I think it remains to be seen. And again, I really believe it's going to be highly promotional again; and the AUR, it depends. But I think it will be promotional. 
Michael Hartshorn: On the fourth quarter guidance and some of the trends. So as we mentioned in the remarks, gross margin was down 60 basis points for the quarter and that was driven by higher merchandise margin that was offset by ongoing freight cost inflation. 
 I would expect more of the same going into the fourth quarter. Freight costs will continue to be a headwind at similar levels. We'll also continue to see wage deleverage. As a reminder, we increased our minimum wage to $11 midyear, so the impact is greater in the back half than in the front half. 
Simeon Siegel: Great. And just any moving pieces within packaway that you'd expect? 
Michael Hartshorn: No, for the quarter, packaway was relatively neutral, and our guidance assumes it would be neutral in Q4. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: On the expense front, what was the magnitude of the wage investment in 3Q? And should we expect a similar headwind in 4Q? And then just larger picture as we move beyond this year. Is there any reason to think about a 3% comp not continuing to be the leverage point for SG&A? Just any -- maybe any headwinds or tailwinds to think about that would make it any different? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Matthew. On SG&A, as we mentioned, it delevered by about 30 basis points and that was wage investments. I'd expect a similar to maybe slightly higher in Q4. Q3, we actually -- versus guidance SG&A was a bit lower as we had some good cost control there. We wouldn't comment on 2019 at this point going forward. That said, we would expect to continue to have wage and freight inflation, but we'll also be looking for efficiencies in our business to offset this cost, and we'll have more to say on that in our year-end conference call in early 2019. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. Michael, could you look back at the freight inflation, which I know has been going on here for a couple of years. I think it really picked up this year, and I can't remember if it inflected in the second quarter or really more here in Q3. I'm just wondering how to think about the magnitude of potential pressure in out years. I know you're not providing 2019 guidance, but any sort of help on the cadence of freight would be great. And then, I wanted to ask about the overall retail environment. I think there was a department store largely in the Midwest that shut operations. Are you seeing any sort of benefit to the stores in your -- where you've got sort of colocation or whether or not you do have colocation with that retailer? And do you think that may give you additional opportunities for inventory -- to develop new brands or acquire inventory here over the upcoming year? 
Michael Hartshorn: On freight costs, Kimberly, it's hard to say. Like all markets at some point, will reach some equilibrium. It's hard to predict when that will be. As you know, the -- there are a number of things driving freight cost this year. Very tight capacity, higher rates driven by trucker and driver shortages. The improved economy is obviously impacting capacity. Regulations around electronically monitoring drivers and then diesel costs aren't helping that. They're at 20% -- up 20% year-over-year in the third quarter, which is at 3-year high. So we'll wait to see what happens next year. But at this point, we'd expect Q4 to look a lot like Q3. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then, Kimberly, on your question about store closures at other retailers. In general, I would say when another retailer closes, it tends to help. It tends to help the whole -- the existed -- the remaining retailers. That business has to go somewhere. So you'd expect the remaining retailers to benefit to some degree. So as other retailers close doors, or as other retailers liquidate, we'd expect to win some of that business. It's hard to quantify the precise impact. And in any given year, it's not likely to be material. But over the long term, we think that's beneficial. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of supply, usually store closures generate some form of supply. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Tunick from Royal Bank of Canada. 
Brian Tunick: I guess 2 questions. One, curious, Michael, about in-store inventories, I guess, up 9%. Curious what they would have been ex the Thanksgiving timing and sort of how you're thinking about in-store inventory levels maybe from here heading into next year from a philosophy perspective? And then maybe Barbara, do you want to talk about as you lap last year's very healthy 5% comp in the fourth quarter. Maybe what are 2 or 3 things that the organization is doing differently this year, whether it's marketing, product flow, mix, et cetera, to lap last year's strong performance? 
Michael Hartshorn: Brian, on the inventory, as we mentioned in our remarks, Thanksgiving is a week earlier this year. So we did flow inventory without. So in-store inventory was up about 8%. Without that, inventories would have been relatively flat. And as far as expectations for running the business going forward beyond this 53rd week comparison year, we'd expect inventory levels to be relatively flat. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of things we're doing to be up against the strong comparison. We're really building out on what worked well for us in the past. We've had many years of robust gains in the fourth quarter. So this isn't the first time we're up against the strong number. And really what we're building on is further opportunities in gift giving, because that really what drives the sales in the fourth quarter, and we view that as something that goes on in the entire box. Obviously, home is a place where there's always strong gift-giving opportunities, but we feel last year, we were successful in other areas in gift giving and so we're building upon that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Lorraine Maikis: I wanted to just follow up on the packaway numbers, which were down for the second quarter in a row as a percentage of inventory. Is there anything going on with what you're seeing in the market? Or what you're deciding to hold in packaway versus flow immediately? 
Barbara Rentler: No. Actually, there's still strong availability in the market. So we haven't seen availability drop off. But the packaway can fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, month-to-month based on what's out there. No, I wouldn't say that -- yes, I think what we're putting in packaway is appropriate. There's a lot of criteria about what we put in packaway. You have to feel as good about it as it comes out as when it comes in. So I wouldn't say there is any shift in our thinking as it pertains to packaway. And then, obviously, this quarter, as Michael said, we flowed packaway earlier this year, Thanksgiving is a week earlier, so that's really part of the shift that you're seeing right now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Trussell from Deutsche Bank. 
Paul Trussell: On the 3% comp in 3Q, very solid against tough compares. I know you said, men's kind of lead. Just curious of any other kind of takeaways or details on the top line in 3Q, especially as it relates to beauty and home, efforts and kids and outerwear. Just kind of curious what you're seeing on those fronts. And also, just on the merchandise margins being up. If you could just talk about the drivers and sustainability potential for additional gains ahead? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On the performance -- comp performance during the quarter, as we mentioned in our remarks, men's was a top performer for us. Shoes and accessories also performed above the chain average. Home was relatively in line. And then in terms of apparel versus nonapparel, they were relatively similar for the quarter. As we mentioned on merchandise margins, it was up about 20 basis points. That was driven by being able to chase the business and above-plan sales and also better buying. Our strategy has always been to go in with a more conservative comp. And if we can chase the business, we can also drive merchandise margin. So that's the way we would think about it going forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Sole from UBS. 
Jay Sole: So my question is about, you talked about how it's going to be a pretty promotional 4Q environment. Do you see that more in relation to sort of the full-price competitors or more from the off-price competitors? Secondly, how much would you be willing to sort of trade the merchandise margin, which has been very strong, in exchange for better sales? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, the promotional environment, I think, in full price, it's historically been promotional. I think it will be promotional. I think we're watching it get more promotional in the last few weeks. In terms of the off-prices, I mean, they're putting out their values the way we're putting out our values, I don't know if I consider that the same thing. Nobody promotes, nobody -- there's no POS-ing. So I think we feel that we have very strong values going out on the floor and we feel good about that. Comparisons, obviously, I'm not going to compare to my other 2 off-price large competitors. And what was the second part of your question? 
Jay Sole: If you felt like you wanted to drive sales, how much could you try to trade merchandise margin for sales? 
Barbara Rentler: I actually -- actually, I don't think we need to trade merchandise margin for sales. I think the merchants -- we have a large merchant team and a big vendor base. And they are out getting really strong values every day of the week. And so I think there's always that fine line, not the art, not the science of deciding how much money versus what the retailers where you're offering the customer the most compelling bargain that you can. And so I think that's what we do every day of the week. And I think the merchants are very, very attune to that. So I don't think that there's a direct line of, if I just choose to say we'll tighten up the IMU or just something there's a direct line to that, because I think the merchants really are out there getting the best possible values and they are out competitive shopping, looking at what full-price stores are doing, looking at what the other off-pricers are doing. So we're in the value game to each other. And that's really our strategy. And I don't think that would be a strategy we would use going forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez from Citi Research. 
Paul Lejuez: Curious if you could talk about the sales cadence during the quarter. And I'm not sure if you mentioned, whether or not the weather helped or hurt you, if you can make any comment on weather during 3Q. And I'm also curious just near term, any impact from the fires out West?  How many stores are impacted? And do you expect that to be any sort of a material impact to 4Q sales? 
Michael Hartshorn: Paul, just on the fires, we wouldn't comment on fourth quarter impact at this point. In terms of weather in the third quarter, it did not have a meaningful impact. And obviously, a lot of moving parts, with 2 major hurricanes last year and then a bounce back afterwards and then the Southeast hurricane this year. In terms of trends -- so overall weather, neutral for the quarter. And then trends during the quarter, comps were stronger earlier in the quarter. Late in Q3, we were up against the bounce back from the 2 major hurricanes last year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Binetti from Crédit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: I know you talked about some of the cost drivers. I want to look out a little bit further than just fourth quarter, though. As we look into next year, do you  guys -- will you guys have an impact from the changes in lease accounting that we think about next year? I think a competitor mentioned that also, kind of put it on the radar. And then related to tariffs. I'm just wondering if you can help us think about what the behavior in the industry is? If there's an analogy period you could point to for your own business that helps us think about how tariffs impact that business, like any past global macro events like that, that could help us think about how the players in the industry build inventories and how you guys think about what the inventory situation could look like if we have some issues at the border here? 
Michael Hartshorn: On lease accounting next year, yes, there is some impact. It's noncash related. It's purely accounting. And again, we would look to find areas in the business to offset those additional costs. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And on tariffs, Mike, I don't think there's anything -- there's any historic event that we could point to that would be a good analogy on tariffs. Other than saying in general that the tariff situation in terms of: Will there be tariffs? When there will be tariffs? Which things will have tariffs on them? How long will tariffs last for? It all creates uncertainty. And in an uncertain environment, off-price tends to do comparatively well in that environment, but really no historical event that we could point to as a comparison. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexandra Walvis from Goldman Sachs. 
Alexandra Walvis: We had a question on home. Thanks for the color on some of the category drivers of the comp. We noticed that home was in line with some of the other categories this quarter having outperformed the rest of the business for some time. Is there anything specific that you can talk to there? Or any change to the strategy of increasing home penetration across the business? 
Barbara Rentler: Home was up against its very solid results last few years. And so the performance relatively in line with the chain, of above-plan chain sales for the quarter, felt okay. In terms of looking at future, looking at assortments, we're always looking to grow new businesses and look within our 4 walls to improve the assortments. So in terms of specifics, I won't go into specifics. But we do think home is a growth area. You know it's very broad-based, a large amount of different products are conglomerate into there. So we do feel good about it. And again, always looking to improve it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Most questions have been answered, but I guess I'll just throw it out there to the team. Just curious if you guys have looked into the tax dynamics for your consumer, mainly in early '19? Seems like the low-end consumer could have a very favorable cycle ahead for them. So just kind of curious, I want to ask if you guys have dug into that at all or had any thoughts? 
Michael Hartshorn: I guess we have looked at it and obviously, that would have an impact on the first quarter. But we'll have more to say about that going into next year. The tax rebate cycle has changed pretty dramatically over the next couple of years. So we'll have to see what we build into our expectations when we give our year-end results at the beginning of next year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Janine Stichter from Jefferies. 
Janine Stichter: I just wanted to ask about the composition of the basket. I think in the past you've called it out as being UPT driven. Just wanted to know if there's anything to call out in terms of AUR ticket? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. As we mentioned, the 3% comp was driven by higher traffic. And in increase of the average basket, the basket was all driven by units per transaction. AUR was relatively flat for the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: I'm wondering, Barbara, to the extent that you can tell, do you think that Ross gained share or just held share in the apparel market overall? In the context for asking the question, I'm sure you can surmise, is that Ross' comp, although it was good, was well below its -- what we perceive as its nearest competitor this quarter? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. In terms of our performance, I mean, obviously I'm not going to comment on our competitor, but on a 1-, 2- and 3-year basis, we were up against -- you had a 3%, a 4% in 2017 and a 7% in 2016. So in terms of our comp performance, overall, it was 14%. So in terms of gaining share in apparel versus our competitor, I think it's very hard for us to measure the share of apparel that we're gaining quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year. But I would say is that apparel has grown significantly over the years as our comps have grown over the years. So I think it's hard for us to compare back to one of our competitors, nor would I really compare back to that? But apparel, obviously, continues to grow. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Drbul from Guggenheim Securities. 
Robert Drbul: Just a couple category questions. Can you talk about what you're seeing in the toy category and just your expectations there, especially into the holiday? And I was wondering if you could maybe talk about your footwear business, men's shoes, women's shoes and boots and just sort of the opportunities that you see in that category as well? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. In terms of toys, we obviously see some opportunity in toys, with all the recent bankruptcies and closures. But toys is overall a small percentage of our business. So historically, toys does get bigger for us during -- a bigger part of our mix in holiday and will be, again, this year. But in terms of a brand total, total Ross, it's still a small business, but, yes, again some opportunity. 
 In terms of our footwear business. Our footwear business has outperformed the chain average in the third quarter. It's very broad based between the 3 businesses. And in terms of the mix itself, again, it's pretty broad. I mean, boots -- boot business with the weather, I'm sure boot business has been good, but the boot business has been good for a few years now. So I think overall it's strong execution in our business and maximizing some key opportunities. 
Robert Drbul: Great. And just a question on the wages. With the investments that you've made, do you feel like you're ahead of the curve just sort of keeping up in terms of the competitiveness? And are you seeing any challenges to sort of filling your new store openings with employees? 
Michael Hartshorn: So we feel good about where we are with the workforce today. Obviously, we've raised wages. And that's the good news for the people that we're looking to hire. And store-by-store, we really haven't seen miscues in filling our new stores. 
Operator: Your next question comes Chethan Mallela from Barclays. 
Chethan Mallela: So I just wanted to follow up on the tariffs situation. And I know it's hard to give a precise estimate particularly with close-outs. But can you just kind of frame how much your product inventory or maybe how many of your 8,000 vendors are based in China? And then how you think about the impact of the tariff that has been announced to date versus what that impact looks like if there's a more sizable extension? 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. In terms of our 8,000 vendors, we -- you have to remember, the bulk of our business is the close-out business. So we're buying close-outs. We're not tracking country of origin, right? The manufacturers manufacturing goods wherever they manufacture them and we're buying them. So in terms of answering your question about what percentage of the 8,000 vendors would impact, I really don't have that information. In terms of just tariff impact in total. I think there is -- you have certain classifications of business. Obviously, home is most impacted and some parts of accessories, but really, really home. And I would say that the trade tensions have left a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace and it could lead to supply as we go down the road, but impacts, like, to date as of this minute, I think everyone is in the process of assessing what actions to take as what is -- as it pertains to the tariff. I don't really think -- we're not the lead, we're the follow, when it comes to something like this. And there is no clear vendor strategy. I don't think the vendors -- each vendor has their own strategy. So I think we are doing what we can do to assess our actions of what's appropriate for us. And then in terms of direct exposure for us to tariff, it really is for us in the home area and we don't disclose that percentage, but it's a relatively small piece of our total mix of sale. So I think there's just a lot of moving parts as it pertains to tariffs at this point in time. Again, the vendor community, I think, doesn't necessarily have -- it's a vendor-by-vendor strategy, there is no comprehensive strategy because I think there's just so much unknown. If the tariff would have move on to apparel, then obviously that's a much larger scale issue for everyone. Inflation in apparel, we haven't seen in many, many, many years. So I think there is certainly challenges attached to that, and we'll cross that bridge when we get there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about real estate, where, I think, occupancy was flat this quarter as compared to the leverage of 15 basis points last quarter, what are you seeing on renewals of leases and negotiations? And with these Sears boxes now available, does that provide you with locations that you may want either for dd's for even part of it or for Ross? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Dana, I would say that, in general, we're happy with the availability of real estate locations we're seeing. We have a great real estate team and they've done a great job over the last several years finding locations for our store expansion. Certainly, store closures in terms of closures by other retailers have helped and contributed to that availability. But it depends on a specific retailer. I mean, some retailers are mall-based and that really isn't -- that isn't the kind of location we'd be interested in. And as you know, we're a strip mall retailer. So I would say, overall we're pretty happy, but when you're looking at specific retailers and the impact that they have, it really depends on what kind of real estate they operate in. 
Dana Telsey: And the fact that occupancy was flat this quarter, is there opportunity to get leverage again? Or, how do you think about it? 
Michael Hartshorn: So Dana, on the leverage point for the year for occupancy is 3%. Historically, that's been 4%. So we are in a better position this year. Remember that the comp sales and fiscal sales are 2 different metrics this year, because of the week shift. You got more leverage in the first half of the year because the fiscal sales were higher than comp sales, and that reverses in the back half. But for the year, we think occupancy costs or leverage points around 3%. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Hofkin from William Blair. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just a quick clarification, again, on the topic of the retail environment, I know the question has been asked. But you guys are typically conservative, you've talked about kind of every year being a little bit more promotional, more intense. Do you see that trajectory steepening or is it just kind of a continuation of that? That's my first question. And then my second question is as it relates port bottlenecks related to tariffs, are there any categories where even if you're not directly importing, where you're seeing maybe some full-price retailers have more disruption? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, on the retail environment, I think -- obviously, we think it's promotional. It's promotional every year. Do I think it's different from Q2 to Q3 to Q4? I think we might see some movement between Q3 to Q4. But again, every year it's promotional. So that will vary by retailer, based on their performance and their business model. So I think -- and their performance. So I think we will see more of that. In terms of the port bottlenecks and supply, I don't think we've seen any one particular place that's had a port bottleneck as it's led completely to supply. So one, you're saying, is it one product? So I think the port bottleneck, because everyone brought in goods, many manufacturers bringing goods from China because of the tariffs and they're trying to get them into the country earlier, it has, I think, affected everyone. But we haven't seen it one pure classification of business that we could say, "Gee, that's where it's going to be." I think if there's supply, that's the result of the bottleneck, it will be broad-based. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Morris from D.A. Davidson. 
John Morris: You all have done a really good job managing expenses, with headwinds of freight and labor, and using offsets to help mitigate that. Wondering if you can give us a little bit more color on this offsets, what areas they're coming in from, so we can get a magnitude field for that and the categories? And then also second question would be, your holiday initiatives with respect to marketing, spending this year versus last year, is it about the same in terms of that spend or maybe any color there? 
Michael Hartshorn: On offset, there is no silver bullet on the offsets. I mean, there is -- we look throughout the company whether it's payroll related in the DCs and the stores on how we become more efficient. It is -- we have a strategic sourcing group that looks on how we procure either products or services and when I say products, I mean nonmerchant-related -- merchandising-related product. So we're always looking for efficiencies in our business and it's a death by a thousand paper cuts. So it's a lot of different things and we have groups that try to stay ahead of the inflation curve and will continue to do that going into next year and beyond. 
John Morris: And then on the marketing spend? Yes. Sorry, go ahead. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, sorry. Second part of your question on marketing. No material changes in the amount of marketing spend in the fourth quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Kernan from Cowen. 
John Kernan: So just given the dynamic with freight, do you foresee any additional investments you might need to make around the store DC network to maybe increase efficiencies? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On the DC network, our investments there certainly, with higher wages, it presents us an opportunity to invest in automation, and we'll do that over time, for efficiencies. The next reason to invest in the network is capacity-related, right now we think we have the capacity and would start the next distribution center over the next couple of years. 
John Kernan: And just one quick follow-up. Have you seen any noticeable benefit from stores that are co-located with some of the recent bankruptcies? Certainly, this don't seem like -- feel like it's going to be the end of some of the bankruptcies. So I'm just wondering if you are noticing any increase in traffic or any benefit from some of those closures? 
Michael O'Sullivan: No. Perfectly, and I would say this is sort of a general observation. As a store is closing, as it's going through its out-of-business -- sorry, going out of business period, we might actually see a bit of a negative in the local stores. But then once it's gone out of business, we typically see an uplift. And I think as I said earlier, in general, store closures of competitors tend to be good for our business, but they typically don't have a material impact in any given year. It's just over the long run as store closures accumulate, we tend to see -- that tends to be a tailwind for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Omar Saad from Evercore ISI. 
Omar Saad: Barbara, I wanted to ask you to dig in a little deeper on your earlier comments around your expectations that the holiday season will be -- it will continue to be very promotional, it'll be another very promotional holiday season. We're hearing from a lot of retailers that inventories are clean, you're seeing merch margins rise. And broadly speaking, in the softline space, yourself included, maybe give me a little color -- give us a little bit more color around what gives you that sense that it's going to be pretty promotional again? And then any update or color on new marketing strategy? I know you talked about the marketing spend being flat, but are you trying any new marketing strategies, digital, social, that you care to share with us? 
Barbara Rentler: In terms of the holiday season, traditionally, the holiday season is promotional. And although inventories might be leaner, we have the 53rd week, things are moving faster and I think if we really look at it between online and brick-and-mortar, as online gets more aggressive and gets aggressive early in the fourth quarter, brick-and-mortar stores will have to get more aggressive also. Plus, I don't think all performances have been created equal in Q3 based on department stores. So some department stores may promote more, some department stores may promote less. But overall, I would be very surprised if we come out of the quarter without it being promotional, especially the last week to 10 days, as while the customer's shopping, Thanksgiving is already -- it's here, it feels early. So but again, we've been watching, there has been some more promotional increases in the last few weeks as people raise the POS-ing. So I put those pieces together and I recognize that there's potentially less inventory. But you're trying -- if you're trying to drive sales, ultimately, at the end, that's what drive sales and that's what history tells us. So that's how I came to that conclusion. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And, Omar, on your question about marketing, I would split it into 2 pieces. I think first of all, in terms of the marketing strategy and the marketing message, I think that's been very consistent over time. The message being that we offer the best values in apparel and home fashions. That message isn't going to change. But what has changed is that the channels that we're using to reach the customer to get that message out have evolved. So we've always recognized that the best marketing for us is sort of word-of-mouth marketing. And over the last few years, we've been experimenting and investing in various new forms of marketing, social media, et cetera. And we find that those tools kind of represent a modern-day version of word-of-mouth marketing. So I would still describe some of the things we're doing there as early stage, but definitely it's -- that's the direction our marketing is moving in. 
Operator: That was our last question. I will turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a good day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-22 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecast and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2017 Form 10-K and fiscal 2018 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on file with the SEC. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Group Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with the review of our second quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the second half and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As noted in today's press release, we are pleased with the above-plan sales and earnings growth for the second quarter. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended August 4, 2018, were $1.04, up from $0.82 for the 13 weeks ended July 29, 2017.
 Net earnings were $389 million, up from $317 million in the prior year. The second quarter earnings results, including $0.18 first year benefit from tax reform legislation. Total sales for the second quarter increased 9% to $3.7 billion. Comparable store sales for the 13 weeks ended August 4, 2018, rose 5% over the 13-week period ended August 5, 2017. This growth was on top of a same-store sales gain of 4% for the 13 weeks ended July 29, 2017.
 For the second quarter, we saw broad-based strength across merchandise categories and geographic markets. So better-than-expected operating margin of 13.8% was down from last year as higher merchandise gross margins and leverage on occupancy and buying costs were more than offset by a combination of unfavorable timing of packaway-related expenses, higher freight costs and this year's wage investments.
 For the first 6 months of fiscal 2018, earnings per share were $2.15, up from $1.64 last year. Net earnings were $808 million, up from $638 million in first half of 2017. The year-to-date earnings results included $0.35 first year benefit from tax reform legislation.
 Sales year-to-date rose 9% to $7.3 billion, with comparable store sales up 4% versus a 4% gain for the 26 weeks ended July 29, 2017. As we ended the second quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 6% over the prior year. Average in-store inventories were up 4% due in part to the 53rd-week calendar shift, while packaway, as a percentage of total inventories, was 44% compared to 46% last year. Dd's DISCOUNTS also posted another quarter of strong sales growth, leading to solid growth in operating profits year-to-date.
 Turning to our store expansion program remain on schedule with the opening of 22 new Ross and 8 dd's DISCOUNTS locations in the second quarter. We also continue to project adding a total of approximately 100 locations in 2018, comprised of 75 Ross and 25 dd's DISCOUNTS. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores.
 In addition, as noted in today's press release, we are raising our long-term projected store potential to 3,000 locations, up from the previous target of 2,500. This is based on our research that indicates we can further increase penetration in both existing and new markets. And as a result of a number of factors that include increases in population densities and new enlarged trade areas from suburban growth.
 As a result, we now believe that Ross Dress for Less can grow to about 2,400 locations across the country, up from our prior target of 2,000, and that dd's DISCOUNTS can ultimately become a chain of about 600 stores versus our previous projection of 500 units. This higher store potential provides us with considerable long-term growth opportunities.
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our second quarter results and details on our second-half guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Let's start with our second quarter results. Our 5% comparable store sales gain was driven by higher traffic and an increase in the average basket. While second quarter operating margin of 13.8% was down 110 basis points from last year, it was better than forecast.
 Cost of goods sold increased 80 basis points in the period. Merchandise margin increased 15 basis points, while occupancy and buying costs levered by 15 and 5 basis points, respectively.
 These gains were more than offset by an 85 basis point increase in distribution expenses from the unfavorable timing of packaway-related costs and a 30 basis point increase in freight costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the quarter also rose 30 basis points due to higher wage cost and the anniversarying of a 20 basis point benefit in the second quarter of 2017 from a legal matter.
 During the second quarter and first 6 months of fiscal 2018, we repurchased 3.2 million and 6.5 million shares, respectively, of common stock for a total purchase price of $273 million and $529 million, respectively. We remain on track to buy back a total of $1.075 billion in stock for the year.
 Let's turn now to our second half guidance. Given our robust multiyear sales comparisons in the third and fourth quarters, we continue to forecast same-store sales for both periods to grow by 1% to 2%.
 If sales perform in line with this guidance, earnings per share for the 13 weeks ending November 3, 2018, are forecasted to be in the range of $0.84 to $0.88, up from $0.72 a year ago.
 For the 13 weeks ending February 2, 2019, earnings per share are projected to be $1.02 to $1.07 compared to $1.19 in last year's fourth quarter, which included a per share benefit of $0.14 from a onetime revaluation of deferred taxes and $0.10 from the 53rd week in 2017.
 Now I'll provide operating statement assumptions for our third quarter EPS guidance. Total sales are projected to grow 5% to 6%. We expect to open 40 new stores during the period, including 30 Ross and 10 dd's DISCOUNTS locations.
 Operating margin is projected to be in the range of 11.9% to 12.1% compared to last year's 13.3%. This forecasted decline reflects our expectation for ongoing pressure this year from higher freight and wage investments as well as some deleveraging on occupancy and other expenses if comparable store sales only perform in line with guidance.
 We expect net interest income of about $2 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 23% to 24% and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about 372 million.
 At the end of the quarter, we expect in-store inventory levels to be up versus the prior year, as Thanksgiving is a week earlier this year due to the 53rd-week calendar shift.
 Based on our first half results and second half guidance of 1% to 2% same-store sales increase, we now project per share -- earnings per share for the 52 weeks ending February 2, 2019, to be in the range of $4.01 to $4.10 compared to $3.55 for the 53 weeks ended February 3, 2018.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. To sum up, as I mentioned earlier, our results for both the second quarter and first half of 2018 continued to exceed expectations. Looking ahead to the balance of the year, we hope to once again outperform our projections as we have for some time now. However, we face stronger prior year comparisons over the next 6 months in the retail landscape, both brick-and-mortar and online, that will likely remain very competitive. That said, our confidence in the strength of the off-price sector and our proven ability to perform well in this space continues to fuel our optimism about the future. 
 Finally, we are very excited about our updated longer-term growth prospects. Our new target of 3,000 store locations offers us potential 80% increase over our current base. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: On the gross margin, so help us to think about the freight headwind that you've embedded in the back half of the year versus the 30 basis points this quarter. And then on the wage front, is it best to think that the wage pressure [ raises over 3% ] fixed cost hurdle total until we fully lap this in the second quarter of next year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Matt, it's, Michael Hartshorn. On freight costs, obviously there are a number of factors that are contributing to the increase, including higher diesel prices. We were at a 3-year high, up 20% in the second quarter, trucker and driver shortage, and increased industry regulation enforcement tracking drivers. Built into the back half guidance, our freight pressure is similar or slightly above what we saw in the first half of the year. And then, on wage pressures, we wouldn't comment on 2019. We'll comment on that at the end of the year. 
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just a follow-up. As we think about multiyear and just given the change in the long-term store potential, which sets a really nice positive today. Is there any [ governor ] on annual growth in terms of 5% to 6% historically with the square footage growth base. Just anything to think about as we think about maybe [ governors ] to your annual growth given the increase in the store potential long term? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Matthew, it's Michael O'Sullivan. I'd be careful to distinguish between the long-term store potential number, which we released today versus the annual store opening number. The long-term store potential gives us, I guess, sort of a longer growth runway, if you like, over the longer term. But it doesn't change the way we think about the number of new stores per year. The constraints on number of new stores per year include real estate availability and also operational constraints, and they really haven't changed. So from a planning perspective, I think you should assume that we'll continue at a rate of about 100 new store openings per year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Tunick from Royal Bank of Canada. 
Brian Tunick: Curious, Barbara, if you could maybe drill down a little more into the category performance for the quarter? And sort of what do you think the biggest opportunities coming here in the back half versus last year, if you hindsight that a little? And then maybe, Michael, can you help us think through the drivers of merchandise margin expansion that you're seeing, even though, I guess, in-store inventories are now growing? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure, Brian. From a category performance, as I said in the notes, our performance was really -- was broad-based in the second quarter. Obviously, from the first quarter to second quarter, apparel clearly improved. But that's really at this point how I see the back half, I don't see it as one specific big opportunity. I see it as more broad-based. And obviously when you get to the fourth quarter, there will be more emphasis on gift giving. But even within gift giving, we see that within every business in the box. So we don't have it focused in one specific category. 
Michael Hartshorn: Brian, specifically on inventory and margins. First of all, the inventory increases you're seeing this year are a function of the 53rd-week calendar shift. So in this quarter what happens is it drives back to school earlier which means we drive earlier receipts to match the sales, which is the same that happens at the end of Q3 with the Thanksgiving holiday, which is closer to quarter end. In terms of the margin improvement, it was driven by a combination of better buying and above-plan sales that resulted in lower markdowns for the quarter. That will continue to be our biggest opportunity when it comes to merchant margin. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Lorraine Maikis: I wanted to follow up on the 85 basis points of distribution pressure. I know you called out a positive 15 basis points in the first quarter from timing of packaway. Can you talk about the timing of this particular expense increase and when you expect that to come back into the gross margin? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Lorraine. So we -- our packaway accounting is we capitalize cost to procure store and process packaway merchandise, and that includes fixed cost. What happened in the first quarter is packaway levels were up, so we got a credit to the P&L. In the second quarter, that completely reversed and the DC 85 basis point deleverage was all driven by the packaway timing. You'll notice from our guidance that we flowed through the $0.05 above the high end of the guidance through to the year so -- versus our guidance there is no impact in the back half. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Michael Sullivan, I was wondering if you have any additional details you might be able to share with us on the analysis you did for the long-term store potential? Is that with the assistance of a sort of third-party outside, or do you have a team internally who looks at that analysis? Secondarily, Barbara, you talked about a nice improvement in the profit profile or profit of the dd's division, and I'm wondering if you can just talk about the profitability of dd's relative to the Ross division, and how that's tracking compared to your expectations? And then lastly, Michael, on inventory. I don't know if it's possible to look at the average in-store inventory, if the balance sheet, for example, at the end of Q2 had closed a week earlier, would that have changed your average in-store inventory at the end of the quarter? I'm just wondering if there is a way for us to sort of understand it on an apples-to-apples basis versus last year. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Kimberly, on the first part of your question, the modeling, our real estate team -- our internal real estate team has a model and fairly well-tested and proven model that they use to analyze and assess individual store locations -- individual new store locations. They update that model based upon changes in our actual store productivity and experience, and also based upon external demographic trends. Periodically, we use that model to roll up and estimate our longer-term store potential, and it's been a little while since we did that, so that's what really driven these updated estimates. The other point I would make is, these estimates that were provided in today's release represent a rollout, looking at opportunities in existing and new markets. I would say, the demographic trends that are driving higher estimates are fairly strong and well documented. I think given our customer base, you won't be surprised that the demographic trends are favorable to our business. 
Barbara Rentler: And Kimberly, in terms of dd's profitability, all I would say about that is that it's similar to Ross' total profitability. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, on inventories, inventories would have been up just slightly. The 4% increase was actually planned in the year to focus on that calendar shift and to impact the earlier back to school with that calendar shift. So without the calendar shift, we would have been up slightly. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Trussell from Deutsche Bank. 
Paul Trussell: I wonder if you could discuss the comp composition. I believe you mentioned that traffic lead. Was there a major spread across regions due to weather? And how was apparel versus nonapparel in the quarter from a category standpoint? And then lastly, I think you also mentioned an increase in the basket. Could you discuss UPT versus AUR in the quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. So on the components, as we mentioned in our remarks, the 5% comp was driven by higher traffic and larger basket. The higher basket was entirely driven by units per transaction. AUR for us was flat compared to last year. In terms of merchandise performance, as Barbara mentioned in her remarks, sales growth was broad-based across merchandise categories, apparel and nonapparel were relatively similar for the quarter. In terms of regional performance and weather, weather, no impact for the quarter versus last year. The -- geographically, sales were strong throughout the country. Of our major markets, Texas and Florida, were above the chain average. California was relatively in line. And then our Midwest, our newer market, continued to do well with comp sales in line with the chain average against very strong growth over the last several years. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez from Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: On the 400 incremental Ross Stores in your new long-term plan, I'm curious if you can talk a little bit more about the mix between existing markets and new markets, as you think about that long-term Ross potential? Are there any new markets that you can maybe share with us that you're thinking about today that we haven't heard about just yet? Also curious just during the quarter, performance of your urban versus suburban locations? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Paul, on the mix of existing versus new markets, if we would expect that we will continue -- the existing markets will continue to be the dominant share of new store openings for several years, beyond that, we wouldn't really comment about the timing of specific new market openings at this point. 
Michael Hartshorn: And then Paul, on urban versus suburban. I mean, we wouldn't break out that detail. I will say, what we track is how it trends from quarter-to-quarter, and we do not see a change in trend coming out of the first quarter. 
Paul Lejuez: And if I could just sneak one more in. I'm curious about your new store openings. What you're seeing this year and this year's class versus previous years and relative to your expectations? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Paul. Our new store productivity continues to track at or above our real estate performance this year, and it's very similar to the last couple of years, where the average new store is about 60% to 65% of an average Ross store in the chain. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Binetti from Crédit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Michael, can we get a little help thinking about how, I think, the guidance implies about 130 basis points of operating margin compression in the third quarter. Can you help us think about how that breaks down between gross margin and SG&A? And then if I could follow up a little bit on Lorraine's question from before. I guess, it's a little harder for us to forecast changes in accounting around packaway, but since that line item swung 100 basis points in the second quarter compared to first quarter, could you also help think about what your plans for the back half assumes related to packaway accounting? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. So on the components, we don't break out the gross margin versus SG&A. But the margin reflects ongoing pressure from freight. As I mentioned, we expect to be at or above the pressure we're seeing year-to-date. It also reflects wage investments. And wage investments, for us, will be heavier in the back half, the impact will be, because we went to $11 an hour in the second quarter and also paid onetime bonuses. The onetime bonuses, obviously, only hit the second quarter. And then we would expect some deleveraging on occupancy and other expenses if comparable store sales perform in line with our guidance. And in terms of DC, packaway is the hardest thing to predict for us because it's highly dependent on how we run in sales and what's available in the marketplace for modeling purposes, I assume that it's relatively flat [ and like that ]. 
Michael Binetti: So just to clarify. The -- you went to $11 an hour and paid onetime bonuses in 2Q, but the total wages will be more of a pressure in the back half than the front half even if those onetime bonuses aren't present in the back half? 
Michael Hartshorn: No. The onetime bonuses only hit second quarter. The wages will have a bigger impact as we went to $11 in the second quarter. We also increased our lease benefits that will impact the back half more than the first half. 
Michael Binetti: Okay. If I can sneak one in on AUR. You mentioned it was flat. Would you mind just helping us speak to that as a little bit more of how you're thinking about that? I know you generally take your cues from the customer on where to go with the merchandise mix, and that influences it. But I know you guys have different strategy from your competitors, but we are hearing some AUR increases around the sector. So would you mind just telling us how you think about AUR and if there is an opportunity there for that to improve through the back half of the year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On AUR, it's completely a function of mix of business. Over the last several years and even the recent trend, it doesn't move a whole lot for us. It's been down slightly to up slightly. So flat for the quarter is our expectation. And going forward, it will be based on the mix of business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Drbul from Guggenheim. 
Robert Drbul: I guess -- I was wondering if you could comment a little bit around competitive store closures and just a couple of parts to it. But do you think that it's benefiting your business today? And I guess, how do you think about it in the back half of the year? And have the competitive store closures at all impacted that new store opening plan that you've discussed earlier? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Bob, I would say that, like most of our peer retailers -- store closures of other retailers are nice tailwind. But in any given year, they don't really have a material impact on our comp performance. And in terms of how we think about new store openings. No, I don't think the store closures have really changed how we think about or where we think about putting new store openings. 
Robert Drbul: Got it. And has there been a variation on the dd's comp versus the Ross comp or are they both similar to the overall? 
Michael O'Sullivan: In the first half and the second quarter, dd's continued to perform very well in terms of sales, above plan. And then actually -- you didn't ask this, but on margins, dd's sort of similar trend to Ross in terms of the packaway credit and the impact on margins in second quarter. But overall for the year, I'm pretty happy with dd's from a sales and a profitability point of view. 
Operator: The next question comes from Simeon Siegel from Nomura Instinet. 
Simeon Siegel: As you performed the new store analysis, were there any thoughts towards International? And as you look to the larger dd's footprint, just how does the average revenue per dd's store compared to Ross, if you can? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure, Simeon. In terms of International, no. This was a piece of analysis focused just on the United States. We have 1,600 stores at this point, and we're saying the long-term potential is 3,000. So obviously, a lot of growth there. So very focused on the United States. 
Michael Hartshorn: Simeon, on the average stores, so we don't disclose the specific on dd's, suffice it to say, it's less -- it's newer concept, a newer chain. For Ross, the average store is about 9 million. So it's south of that based on maturity of the chain. 
Simeon Siegel: Okay. And then just, obviously, it's a moving number by quarter. And I think you mentioned may be timing. But any other color on the decline in packaway percentage this quarter? Any color on -- any shift in the quality of available inventory in the market? 
Barbara Rentler: No. There is a lot of supply in the market. It's still plentiful. And I think it is broad. The packaway number really fluctuated base off of what we see, plus we fueled a lot of Q2, but there is a lot of availability, and it's really the merchant's decision to decide what to packaway, how much to packaway and went to packaway. So I would say, we're in our regular process. But again, there's a lot of -- there's no change in availability in the marketplace. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Marni Shapiro from Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: I just wanted to get one clarification on the wages. Did you take wages up in-store as well as at the DC level and across the company? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, Marni, we took it up across the company. 
Marni Shapiro: Okay, great. And then just one follow-up as well on the new store expansion. When you're looking across the board, are there any new or shift in the mix of type of stores? Have you considered outlets or even shopping malls that are looking to expand into the off-price space that maybe hadn't in the past and things like that? And I'm curious if you're finding with dd's a similar scenario in the types of locations that do well or just dd's tend to do better more local family centers versus Ross Stores? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Marni, no -- nothing to call out there in terms of different types of locations. The analysis was really based upon looking at the types of locations we already have, but how the demographic trends are increasing the number of those opportunities. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Hofkin from William Blair. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just a quick question first on the environment. We haven't been hearing so much in the last few years on a competitive promotional environment and, obviously, on the back of this very strong quarter for you and others. What are you seeing, what are you expecting for the second half in terms of competitive promotion? Is your 1 to 2 guidance just your typical conservatism, is there something else that you're seeing that causes you to be more cautious in the second half? 
Barbara Rentler: So the environment is still competitive, and we are thinking that it's going to remain competitive in the back half between online and in-store brick-and-mortar. And we are up against in terms of how we're feeling about the back half, but we are up against very strong multiyear comparison. So when we put those -- the multiyear comparisons and competitive environment together, that's how we came up with the guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: And Dan, it's -- this has always been our playbook. We think it's a prudent plan to plan the business this way. Barbara mentioned that we are up against a very robust multiyear comparisons. We are up against a 7% comp in 2016 and a 4% comp in 2017 in Q3, and then for Q4 we're up against a 4% in 2016 and a 5% in 2017. That said, we hope to do better like we've done in Q1 and Q2 of this year. 
Daniel Hofkin: Yes. Maybe it's safe to say that's a bigger factor than any sort of intensification in the competitive environment? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. That's true. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And if I could just follow up on the gross margin topic one more time. What is -- is it unit cap accounting? Is that what causes what you have an increase in packaway that helps the gross margin in that period and then reverses later? Is that what's at play here? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. That's exactly how it works. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Laura Champine from Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: It's about the expectation that you can grow your store base beyond what you previously said. Does that contemplate Ross being nationwide in all regions and what would be a reasonable time frame for us to think about for you to enter new regions like the Northeast, for example? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Laura, yes, it contemplates expansion nationally across the United States. As a reminder, right now, we're in 38 states. And this would assume that we are -- that we expand nationally. In terms of timing of when we would enter new markets, we wouldn't comment on that for competitive reasons. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Merriman from Bernstein. 
Jamie Merriman: I have a slightly maybe longer-term question. But in the past, you talked about sort of demographics and seeing an increasing number of your new customers come from younger demographics. And I'm just curious, are you seeing those customers purchasing the same brands that your maybe traditional core customer has purchased? Or are they looking for something new from you in terms of either brand mix or category? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Yes, we think we do well with the younger demographic, and we feel we'll do well with millennials. In terms of brand mix, I would say that, that customer is a little bit -- not quite as married to certain brands and is more open to trying different types of brands. With that being said, the very strong brands are still -- very strong department store brand is still important to them. It's just that I think that they are a little bit more open to trying other brands and, in some cases, label, that perhaps are young on the curve that eventually would become bigger brands, would be my guess. But they are not quite as traditional. But the big brands are still the big brands. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Michael, 2 quick ones for you. First is just on the model. On the 1 to 2 comp you're laying out for Q4, just because of the calendar shifts are creating some noise, what revenue growth would that imply for the fourth quarter? And then is it fair to say that your view on freight has worsened versus 3 months ago? Just kind of curious the puts and takes there. And then again, just to clarify, are you -- have you been saying that the back half, the freight headwind should worsen from where Q2 was or from where your first half impact was? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Ike. We haven't given specific revenue targets for fourth quarter. We will do that at the end of the third quarter. The one thing I will say, though, is the total revenue is impacted by the restated versus fiscal comparison in the first half that from a total sales standpoint that fiscal comparison helps us by 1 point in the back half. It's off by 1 point. And it's even more pronounced in the fourth quarter. In terms of freight, it's very similar to how we plan the year. It is a slight increase, and we found other offsets in the business to cover that. But we'd expect it to be at or somewhat elevated to what we saw in the second quarter. 
Irwin Boruchow: And Michael, is there any visibility on that line item into '19, just at a high level for us to understand? 
Michael Hartshorn: At this point, no. We wouldn't comment until we give next year's guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about the new store -- long-term store targets, how are you thinking about distribution capacity and when the next distribution center needs to come up? How many do you need in order to handle that type of growth? And does this new store growth capacity does it entail an acceleration in terms of the number of new store openings? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Dana, in terms of distribution capacity, we don't expect to need another major DC for another few years and then beyond that. Obviously, longer term, we would need additional capacity as we open up additional stores. Last part of your question was about the pace of new store openings. No, I would not anticipate that the pace of new store openings will change. Over the last few years, we've opened approximately 100 new stores per year. I would expect that it will stay around about that number. 
Dana Telsey: Just one more question. Barbara, as you think of made for off-price merchandise. Are you seeing any changes in that landscape? And is that becoming a more important part of your mix? 
Barbara Rentler: Closeouts are basically the bulk of our assortments. The makeup portion of our business sits primarily in a couple of businesses where it's unbranded such as home. But again, the bulk of our assortment really comes from closeouts, and we don't see any availability issues in the near term. So we don't really see a mix changing. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Janine Stichter from Jefferies. 
Janine Stichter: I just wanted to ask about some of the newer categories you're pushing into. I think you've called out beauty before. Any color you can give on the performance there? And then maybe some color on categories where you feel like you're maybe under-penetrated and still see some opportunity? 
Barbara Rentler: I missed the first part of the question. Could you just repeat the first part? 
Janine Stichter: Sure. Just on the some of the newer categories that you've pushed into. I think, you've called out beauty in the past. Any color you can give on the performance there? 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. I missed about beauty. Obviously, we feel that beauty is an opportunity as a lot of the business has shifted out of department store. So we think there is a lot of potential there. And from real major growth, I think that's probably the biggest one. After that, I feel like that most of our growth, I know it sounds like it's always broad-based, but it is broad-based. Beauty happens to be, I think, a trend shift in the market. So we do feel good about that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Kernan from Cowen. 
Krista Zuber: This is Krista Zuber on behalf of John. Just 2 quick questions, most have been answered. I believe, you previously guided to flat merchandise margin for fiscal '18. So I was just wondering if that still holds? And then secondly, on the same-store sales, which is obviously been consistently beating guidance for the 1% to 2%. As you look into the second half, what are you expecting from the traffic and basket components? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On merchandise margin, we guided the year to be flat. We exceeded that in Q1 and Q2 and, frankly, that's based on ahead-of-plan sales. The guidance for the back half assumes that it would be relatively flat. And if we exceed our sales plan, there could be some opportunity. Your second question -- composition of comp. I'd expect it to be very similar. It hasn't changed a whole lot. Traffic has -- traffic and units per transaction have been the key drivers, and that's been true over the last couple of years. 
Krista Zuber: If I could just fit in one more, if I may. Just on the capital plans as it relates to your cash flow generation and if we look at the model of CapEx are generally been running up about 3% of sales. Should we kind of expect that type of run rate going forward? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So on CapEx, this year, we're forecasting around $475 million. Over the next couple of years, we'll be starting construction on new distribution center capacity. And with that construction, the capital will edge up a bit. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to you, Barbara Rentler, for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest of Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-23 23:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores First Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2017 Form 10-K and fiscal 2018 Form 8-Ks on file with the SEC. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Group Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
 We'll begin our call today with a review of our first quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As noted in today's press release, despite unfavorable weather throughout the period, we achieved above-planned growth in both sales and earnings in the first quarter.
 Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended May 5, 2018, were $1.11, up from $0.82 for the 13 weeks ended April 29, 2017.
 Net earnings were $418 million, up from $321 million in the prior year. These earnings per share results include a $0.17 per share benefit from recently enacted tax legislation and a $0.02 per share benefit from the favorable timing of packaway-related costs that we expect to reverse in subsequent quarters. 
 Total sales for the quarter increased 9% to $3.6 billion. Comparable store sales for the 13 weeks ended May 5, 2018, rose 3% over the 13-week period ended May 6, 2017. This growth compares to a same-store sales gain of 3% for the 13 weeks ended April 29, 2017. We estimate that unfavorable weather throughout the quarter reduced our comparable store sales by over 1%.
 For the first quarter, the strongest merchandise category at Ross was men's, while geographic trends were very broad-based when normalized for weather.
 Operating margin for the period of 15.1% was down slightly from the prior year as an improvement in merchandise gross margins and favorable timing of packaway-related expenses were offset by higher freight costs and wage-related investments.
 As we ended the first quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 19% over the prior year, mainly due to higher packaway levels as our buyers were able to take advantage of numerous opportunities in the marketplace. 
 Average in-store inventories were up 2% as planned due to an earlier Mother's Day this year. While packaway, as a percentage of total inventories, was 49% compared to 46% last year. 
 We are also pleased to report that dd's DISCOUNTS delivered another quarter of solid growth in sales and operating profits. 
 Our store expansion program is on schedule with the addition of 23 new Ross and 6 dd's DISCOUNTS locations in the first quarter. We remain on track to open a total of approximately 100 locations in 2018 comprised of 75 Ross and 25 dd's DISCOUNTS. 
 As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores. 
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our first quarter results and details on our second quarter guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Let's start with our first quarter results. Our 3% comparable store sales gain was driven by higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket. 
 First quarter operating margin of 15.1% was down 5 basis points from last year. Cost of goods sold improved 20 basis points in the quarter, driven by 30 basis points of higher merchandise margin and distribution cost that declined by 15 basis points, mainly due to the previously mentioned favorable timing of packaway-related expenses. 
 Occupancy also levered by 15 basis points. These gains were partially offset by a 20 basis point increase in freight cost and 20 basis points in higher buying expenses. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the period increased 25 basis points, mainly due to higher wage-related costs. 
 During the first quarter, we repurchased 3.3 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $255 million. We remain on track to buy back a total of $1.075 billion in stock for the year.
 Let's turn now to our second quarter guidance. For the 13 weeks ending August 4, 2018, we are forecasting same-store sales to increase 1% to 2% over the 13 weeks ended August 5, 2017. 
 Earnings per share for the second quarter are projected to be in the range of $0.95 to $0.99, which includes the benefit from lower taxes.
 The operating statement assumptions for our second quarter guidance include the following: total sales are projected to grow 5% to 6%; we expect to open 30 new stores during the period, including 22 Ross and 8 dd's DISCOUNTS locations.
 If same-store sales are in line with our guidance, then we project operating margin to be in the range of 13.3% to 13.5%. The forecasted decline from last year's 14.9% reflects the unfavorable timing of packaway-related cost as well as our previously announced wage and benefit investments.
 We expect net interest income of about $900,000. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 24% to 25% and weighted average diluted shares outstandings are projected to be about $375 million.
 Based on our first quarter results and second quarter guidance, we now project earnings per share for the 52 weeks ending February 2, 2019 to be in the range of $3.92 to $4.05 compared to $3.55 for the 53 weeks ended February 3, 2018.
 As a reminder, our fiscal 2018 guidance includes the benefit from lower taxes. In addition, last year's 53rd week added approximately $0.10 to earnings per share for 2017.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. To sum up, despite unfavorable weather throughout the period, both first quarter sales and earnings per share outperformed our plan. Looking ahead, we expect the retail landscape, both brick-and-mortar and online to remain very competitive throughout 2018. In addition, we face robust multiyear sales comparison as the year progresses. That said, we remain confident in the strength of the off-price sector and on ongoing ability to perform well in this space. Our focus will remain on offering customers the outstanding values they have come to expect, which has allowed us to achieve profitable growth in sales, earnings and market share over time. 
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: On gross margin, can you speak to drivers of the 30 basis points in merchandise margin in the first quarter? Any change in freights? And then just larger picture, if we look through tax reform this year, I guess, has anything changed with your double-digit bottom line algorithm, if you are able to drive the 3% to 4% comps? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. So Matt, it's Michael Hartshorn. Let me answer those in pieces. On merchandise margin, as we mentioned in the comments, those were up 30 basis points in Q1. That was driven by better buying. In addition, we benefited from a very clean inventory position entering the quarter. In terms of freight cost, freight has been a headwind for over 1 year. Our outlook has not changed. A number of factors are contributing to the increase. Like others, we have seen significant increases in market rates due to very tight capacity. This capacity seems to be driven by driver shortages, impacts of increased regulation, and perhaps the stronger economy. In addition, diesel fuel costs were up about 20% from last year in the quarter. So we expect freight to be a headwind for the remainder of the year and that is reflected in our guidance. On your last question, certainly, this year reflects the benefit of tax reform. Our current guidance reflects the 10% to 14% EPS growth that includes about a $0.69 benefit from tax reform. Going beyond this year, there is nothing that's changed our long-term model. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tunick from RBC. 
Brian Tunick: I guess, curious as we sat here on the Northeast with all the, I guess, the nor'easters to hear you guys talk about unfavorable weather. Can you maybe give us a little more clarity on sort of what markets? Was it just year-over-year in some of your key markets? Just give us a little more color on the weather issues. And then curious on the packaway inventory growth. If you can give us a better sense of maybe what categories or just a good, better, best situation. Just give us a better feel for the packaway inventory growth? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Brian. On weather, as we said in our remarks, we estimate the impact to overall chain was about -- was over 1%. For us, every major region actually had negative weather comparisons during the quarter with one exception, I'd say that was the Pacific Northwest. So the areas as you can imagine that were impacted the most included the Mid-Atlantic and also the Midwest. 
Barbara Rentler: And then as it pertains to packaway, what I would say to you is that there is an abundance of merchandise in the marketplace. So we were able to take advantage of those opportunities. And they're pretty broad-based in terms of different types of products. So it isn't just one classification. And I think the merchants have been out there in the market looking to see what's available and felt that the timing was right to buy those goods as that's a big part of their job. 
Brian Tunick: And will there be any implications for the back half regarding packaway or distribution expenses? 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of distribution expenses, well, we -- so we had a $0.02 benefit in the first quarter based on how we capitalized packaway cost and we'd expect that to reverse and be a negative impact over the remainder of the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Can you talk a little bit about the composition of the comp? How much of that was traffic versus basket? And what drove the basket increase? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Lorraine. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, the 3% comp was driven by higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket. The higher basket was primarily driven by higher units per transaction with AUR was down slightly. And a decrease in the AUR was driven by a mix of business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I wanted to just ask about the SG&A deleverage, 25 basis points. Obviously, I think your guidance this year includes some ongoing deleverage. Is there any guidance you have sort of on a quarter-by-quarter basis, how we should think about that? And then I just wanted to follow up on the weather question. Could we assume that you're seeing some pick up here in May assuming that weather has normalized so far here in Q2? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Kimberly. On SG&A, the 25 basis point increase reflects a couple of different things. It's the lapping of market-based increase, the wage increases that we made last year as well as the impact of statutory increases that included California increasing to $11 in January. It also includes a piece of wage investments that we're making this year. Our guidance for the remainder of the year would include further deleverage as the year progresses as a result of the associated investments we announced at the beginning of the year, which includes going to $11 throughout the company, payment of one-time bonuses and also improvements to our paid [ leave ] programs. And then in terms of weather beyond the quarter, our practice is not to comment about post quarter trends. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: I'm not sure who wants to take this question, but you guys have talked a little bit over the past couple of quarters around the beauty category becoming more of an opportunity for you to buy into. Any updates there on that category, specifically to Q1 and then just updated thoughts as you move forward? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. The beauty category has been a growing category for everyone as the market has shifted around a lot. We feel good about the beauty category. And ourselves as well as many other people in the industry feel that it's an opportunity as the market itself is shifting from department stores to other sectors. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Trussell from Deutsche Bank. 
Paul Trussell: Just on the second quarter guidance. I believe, you outlined EBIT rates in the 13.3% to 13.5%, range or so, which is down 140, 150 basis points or so at the midpoint year-over-year. Can you just kind of rank or quantify for us to what extent that contraction is wages versus freight versus the packaway expenses in 2Q and any other puts and takes we should be mindful of? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On the components, we wouldn't break down the specific levels, but I will repeat, I think, what you just said, is there is 3 main drivers. Most importantly, the wage and benefit investments. It's -- a portion of those will happen in the second quarter. So it will actually -- the deleverage will increase as we progress through the year. So that's the first main impact in the second quarter. It also includes, as we mentioned, the negative impact of timing of packaway-related costs and freights will continue to be a headwind for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez from Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: Going back to the traffic-first ticket question. Curious, if you saw any difference in the Ross business versus dd's on those metrics? And then, separately, also curious if you track how your performance is at centers where you are colocated with another off-pricer if you can maybe share how those stores of yours are performing in the colocated locations with a T.J. concept or Burlington versus those that are in a separate center? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. Paul. I would say the dd's and Ross, they were proportional in terms of mix of transaction, AUR traffic, et cetera. On the -- where -- we colocate in about 1/3 of our chain with either T.J.Maxx, Marshalls or Burlington and those stores performed in line with the rest of the chain. 
Paul Lejuez: Any comment on home versus apparel during the quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: Overall, non-apparel was slightly above apparel given the weather. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen from Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: On the gross margin line, the buying expenses, do you expect that trend to continue? And what was underlying some of that? Also, as you think ahead and particularly in all the opportunities available in non-apparel businesses such as home, what are your thoughts about the opportunity you have ahead? And how you can seek to maximize your store space as you look at different -- new opportunities where customers still love value in other categories? 
Michael Hartshorn: Oliver, on buying, expenses can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. In the first quarter, there was some, I would say, negative timing impacts, but it also reflects mainly that we're going to continue to make ongoing investments in our buying organization. 
Barbara Rentler: And as it pertains to opportunities in non-apparel areas such as Homes. Actually, Oliver, we think that our opportunities are very broad-based in addition to Home in the entire box. So in terms of maximizing space in the stores, we really decide what businesses we want to drive and then we figure out how it fits within the box. 
Oliver Chen: Got it. So which businesses do you want to drive? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, I think on this call, I really wouldn't be saying which businesses we want to drive, I'd just leave it with -- it's broad-based. It's not just focused on one area. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro from Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: I had a quick question about the sizes business. Historically, this has always been a business you guys have done well with and you've had in your stores forever. And there's quite a buzz around the business right now. So I'm curious just how it's done for you? Are you finding availability starting to be more plentiful or easier to find? And what's your thinking strategically about the business? 
Barbara Rentler: Sizes business, Marni, you mean like woman's special prices, boutiques and [indiscernible]? 
Marni Shapiro: Exactly. And even on the men's side, the big and tall business on the men's side as well. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Listen woman's world or plus sizes in the United States is a total growing business. So I'd be thinking apparel, it's certainly an opportunity. In terms of availability right now, there is just a lot of availability pretty much in most classifications of product. So supply is pretty plentiful. It's very broad-based actually supply. So from that perspective, there would be merchandise out there. In terms of opportunity, we grow as the customer -- based off of what the customer is telling us and those are the businesses that we go after. 
Marni Shapiro: Fantastic. That's great. And is there any reason to believe that merchandise margins will be pressured? I know you have headwinds as far as wages and freight cost and things like that, but there is a lot of availability in merchandise. It seems like generally the environment, while competitive isn't in fire sale mode. So is there any reason to believe merchandise margins shouldn't be okay rest of year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Marni, our guidance assumes that merchandise margins are relatively flat for the remainder of the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Loop Capital. 
Laura Champine: Just one more question on the weather. Can you break down sort of the methodology that you used to determine that it was about 1% hit? How do you get there or greater than 1% hit? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. So we use weather services to do that. And also, obviously, storms are easier to calculate, that's our methodology. 
Laura Champine: Any more detail. 
Michael Hartshorn: The only thing I'd add, Laura, that includes both temperature and precipitation. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Drbul from Guggenheim Securities. 
Robert Drbul: Just 2 questions, I guess. The first one is on the current marketplace, are the competitive store closures, is that providing additional opportunity for you to get product from different vendors? And I think the second question is as you continue to expand stores and your store base with -- are the -- the ability to attract talent both whether it's managers or even the labor component in the associates within the stores, are you seeing any pressure there that you could talk to? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Bob, it's Michael O'Sullivan. First of all, in terms of the store closures, it's hard to tell what contribution that's having to availability, availability is driven by a number of things. It's possible. What's actually -- let me step back. I think the struggles that the rest of the retail industry is having certainly, is helping to drive availability. On store closures specifically it's hard to kind of rate that particular component. In terms of availability of labor, we're very happy with our ability to attract and retain people throughout the level -- throughout all levels in the company. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simeon Siegel from Nomura Instinet. 
Daniel Stroller: This is Dan Stroller on for Simeon. We just wanted to know if there's been any notable change either recently or over the past several years in what brands your shoppers are gravitating towards. Basically trying to figure out if your top-selling brands have really turned over much and gone into favor for new or up-and-coming brands? 
Barbara Rentler: For competitive reasons, we really wouldn't talk about brands on the call. 
Daniel Stroller: Okay. And then on the consumer base, anything you're seeing in terms of frequency of visit of existing shoppers or I guess, customer acquisition and the initiatives there? That would be very helpful. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. We slice and dice our customer data all the time where we're often out that doing research. And I would say there is nothing to call out in terms of any changes to consumer behavior or demographics or anything of that nature at this point. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti from Crédit Suisse. 
Michael Binetti: Could you speak a little bit more to the change in AUR and the mix base delta there. I think a lot of the competitive set is speaking to positive AURs at this point across both off-price and department stores, frankly. So I'm wondering if there is some kind of category divergence that you guys are pursuing that's causing some puts and takes on your AUR? And if you think that continues to remain a headwind through this year? If you see some reason why the categories that you guys have in inventory with the change in the inventory line there could take some pressure off on that line? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, I would say -- so AUR, obviously, can change from quarter-to-quarter. So it's not something that I would say strategic. But -- so as we look out for the rest of the year, it will be based on category performance. So hard to say at this point. I'd say over the last couple of years based on the categories they have done well. AUR has been down, but just slightly. 
Michael Binetti: Is it -- I mean, I was a little surprised that AUR was still a headwind in the first quarter with the weather citing, maybe you didn't move into some of the categories in the spring that I thought would have been a little bit -- they'd have been a little bit higher AUR in the comp. Was that a surprise to you at all or no? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Not really. I mean, our strategy, Michael, is over a long period of time, has been to be as sharply priced as possible to drive sales and that's the approach we took in Q1 as we've historically taken. And based upon that we were pretty happy with a 3% comp -- on top of the 3% comp that we got last year. 
Michael Binetti: Sure. I mean, can you just help us -- one last one on the model. I think the -- any kind of calendar shift cadence that we should think to? I think in 2013, you said you had about 1 percentage point benefit to sales in the first half in sales not comps and then a 1 point drag in the second half. Is it a similar map this year that we should have in our models? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, I would say it's similar. So to be clear, we reported on a restated basis. And you can see this in the difference between our total sales and our comp sales. So for the year I think it's accurate that the first half has a larger negative impact than the second half. So for us the difference between restating that week and not is worth about 200 basis points in the first quarter. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Merriman (sic) [ Jamie Merriman ] from Bernstein. 
Jamie Merriman: It's Jamie Merriman. My question is just about your marketing strategy. As you work on attracting younger consumers into the business, is that pivoting at all? And if so, how? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Jamie, it's -- I would say that our marketing approach in terms of the types of media that we're using has been evolving over time. And it will likely continue to evolve, obviously, moving to less traditional forms of media. Some of that is still experimental. We'll see how those media perform. And -- but I'd expect that over time, you're going to see more of that shift for us as indeed you'll see for other advertisers as well. 
Jamie Merriman: And have you found that that -- maybe able to be a little bit more targeted and therefore, lower cost on an acquisition basis. Or are you seeing too early to see benefits like that? 
Michael O'Sullivan: I think it depends on the market. It depends upon the individual type of media you're talking about. And what exactly you're trying to do in terms of who you're trying to target. So the answer is -- the answer can be, yes, depending upon the situation or it can be no depending upon the situation. And that's kind of what I mean by saying that some of those are channels are fairly experimental. And that's why we're sort of evolving into them rather than making significant changes at this point. 
Operator: There are no further telephone questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to the presenters. 
 Your next question comes from the line of [ Sandra Parker ]. I think she has just removed herself again from the queue. Sorry. 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-03-05 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2016 Form 10-K and fiscal 2017 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. 
 Joining me on our call today are Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
 We'll begin our call today with a review of our fourth quarter and 2017 performance, followed by our outlook for 2018. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 
 As noted in today's press release, despite our own difficult multiyear comparison and a very competitive retail climate, sales and earnings were well ahead of our expectations for both the fourth quarter and the full year. We are pleased with these results, which reflect our ongoing success in delivering broad assortments of compelling bargains to today's value-driven shoppers. 
 Earnings per share for the 14 weeks ended February 3, 2018, were $1.19, up from $0.77 in the 13 weeks ended January 28, 2017. For the 53 weeks ended February 3, 2018, earnings per share grew to $3.55 compared to $2.83 in the 52 weeks ended January 28, 2017. Both the quarter and fiscal year include a per share benefit of approximately $0.10 from the 53rd week and $0.21 from the recently enacted tax reform legislation. 
 Excluding these items, earnings per share on a 52-week basis for both the 2017 fourth quarter and fiscal year periods grew 14% over the prior year. Net earnings for the 2017 fourth quarter were $451 million, up from $301 million in the prior year. Fiscal 2017 net earnings grew to $1.4 billion compared to $1.1 billion in fiscal 2016. 
 Total sales for the 14 weeks ended February 3, 2018, grew 16% to $4.1 billion with comparable store sales for the 13 weeks ended January 27, 2018, up 5% on top of a 4% increase in the prior year. For the 53 weeks fiscal year ended February 3, 2018, sales increased 10% to $14.1 billion with same-store sales for the 52 weeks ended January 27, 2018, up 4% versus the 4% increase in 2016. For the fourth quarter, sales trends at Ross were fairly broad-based across all major merchandise categories with Children's performing the best. Geographically, Florida was the strongest region. 
 Our fourth quarter operating margin of 14.6% was up 95 basis points from last year. This improvement was mainly driven by strong merchandise margin and expense leverage from solid gains in same-store sales as well as the impact of the 53rd week. For the full year, operating margin increased 50 basis points to a record 14.5%. dd's DISCOUNTS' customers also continued to respond positively to its merchandise assortments, leading to another quarter and year of robust gains in both sales and operating profits. 
 As we ended 2017, total consolidated inventories were up 9% over the prior year with packaway levels at 49% of the total, similar to last year. As planned, average in-store inventories were up 1%. As noted in today's release, we plan to make competitive wage and benefit-related investments. These include raising our minimum wage to $11 an hour, providing onetime bonuses for eligible hourly and store associates and improving our paid leave programs. We believe these actions will allow us to continue to attract and retain a talented and growing workforce of over 82,000 associates who have been critical to our past performance and will be key to our future success. 
 Further, our board recently approved an increase in our stock repurchase authorization for 2018 to $1,075,000, 000, up from the previous $875 million. The board also approved a higher quarterly cash dividend of $0.225 per share, up 41% over the prior year. The increases of our shareholder payouts for 2018 reflect the current strength of our balance sheet and our ongoing ability to generate significant amounts of cash after funding growth and other capital needs of the business. We have repurchased stock as planned every year since 1993 and raised our cash dividend annually since its inception in 1994. This consistent record also reflects our continuing commitment to enhancing stockholder value and returns. 
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our 2017 results and details on our fiscal 2018 full year and first quarter guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. 
 Let's start with our fourth quarter results. Our 5% comparable store sales gain was driven by a combination of higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket. As Barbara mentioned, fourth quarter operating margin increased 95 basis points to 14.6%, which includes a 70 basis point benefit from the 53rd week. Cost of goods sold improved 50 basis points in the quarter, driven by 40 basis points of higher merchandise margin and occupancy costs that were lower by 45 basis points. These gains were partially offset by a 20 basis point increase in buying cost and higher freight expenses of 15 basis points. Selling, general and administrative expenses during the quarter were lower by 45 basis points due mainly to leverage from both the 5% same-store sales gain and the impact of the 53rd week. 
 For the fiscal year, operating margin increased 50 basis points to a record 14.5%, which includes an approximate benefit of 20 basis points from the 53rd week. 
 As Barbara mentioned earlier, fourth quarter and fiscal 2017 earnings per share results are inclusive of an approximate $0.10 benefit from the 53rd week and $0.21 related to the recently enacted federal tax reform legislation. The tax savings amount is comprised of a onetime earnings per share benefit of $0.14 from a revaluation of deferred taxes and $0.07 from a lower fourth quarter tax rate. During the quarter, we repurchased 3 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $226 million. For the full year, we repurchased 13.5 million shares for an aggregate price of $875 million. 
 Let's turn now to our outlook for 2018. Our guidance reflects the positive impact from recent tax legislation and the aforementioned competitive wage and benefit-related investments. For the 52 weeks ending February 2, 2019, we are forecasting earnings per share to be $3.86 to $4.03, up from $3.55 for the 53 weeks ending February 3, 2018. 
 The operating statement assumptions for fiscal 2018 include the following: total sales are projected to grow 3% to 4% for the 52 weeks ending February 2, 2019, compared to the 53 weeks ended February 3, 2018. This year-over-year increase in total revenue is being affected by the 53rd week, which added approximately $219 million to sales in the 2017 fourth quarter and fiscal year. 
 Comparable store sales are expected to increase 1% to 2% on top of 4% gains in each of the past 3 years. We plan to add about 100 new stores this year consisting of 75 Ross and 25 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores. If same-store sales are in line with our guidance of up 1% to 2%, then we project that operating margin for 2018 would be in the range of 13.3% to 13.5% compared to 14.5% in 2017, which, again, benefited by 20 basis points from the 53rd week. The forecasted decline reflects our plans for relatively flat merchandise gross margin and the impact of the previously mentioned competitive wage and benefit investments. 
 Net interest expense is estimated to be about $600,000. Our tax rate is projected to decrease to approximately 24% to 25% due to tax reform legislation. We expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 374 million. Capital expenditures in 2018 are projected to be approximately $475 million and depreciation and amortization expense inclusive of stock-based amortization is forecast to be about $430 million. 
 Let's move now to our first quarter guidance. For the 13 weeks ending May 5, 2018, we are projecting same-store sales to be up 1% to 2%. Earnings per share for the period are forecast to be $1.03 to $1.07 compared to $0.82 in the first quarter of last year. Other assumptions that support our first quarter guidance include the following: total sales are projected to increase 6% to 7%, we expect to open 23 new Ross and 6 dd's DISCOUNT locations during the quarter. First quarter operating margin is projected to be 14.6% to 14.8% versus last year's 15.2%. In addition, net interest expense for the quarter is estimated to be about $600,000. Our tax rate is expected to decrease to approximately 23% to 24%, again, due to tax reform legislation. And finally, weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be around 378 million. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. 
 Again, we are pleased with our better-than-expected sales and earnings gains for both the fourth quarter and fiscal year. As previously mentioned, these strong results were driven by our ongoing ability to deliver the best bargains possible to today's value-focused shoppers. As we enter 2018, we continue to face tough multiyear comparisons and fierce competitions from both online and brick-and-mortar retailers. As a result, we continue to take a prudent approach to forecasting our business, so we certainly hope to do better. Longer term, we remain very confident in the strength of our business model. Our performance over the past several years demonstrates our proven ability to keep ongoing profitable market share gains by consistently offering the exceptional values our customers have come to expect. This remains our top priority as we know it will always be the key to our success. Looking out over the next several years, we continue to believe that with the proper execution of our strategies, we can achieve average annual earnings per share gain in the low double-digit percentage range. 
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just a couple of quick questions. I guess first, Barbara, per your comment about competition, obviously, remaining intense. Are you seeing any evidence of that becoming more intense in recent quarters, either brick-and-mortar or online? Or is it just sort of a steady trend there and that's -- you don't expect it to abate? And then just a question on your longer-term store targets. I think it's been a few years since you've kind of updated comments on those. I was wondering kind of how you're thinking about that at this point. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure, Daniel. You have a couple of questions there. On the competition being intense, look, I think competition has been intense for a few years. I think competition will remain intense. I think as we go forward, online, department stores doing better, I think whether it's highly promotional remains to be seen, but yes, I do think it will be intense. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And Daniel, it's Mike O'Sullivan. On your -- the second part of your question about our store potential. We believe we have potential for about 2,500 stores between Ross and dd's, that's 2,000 Ross, 500 dd's. Right now, we're at about 1,600 stores. And each year, we open up approximately 90 net new stores. So if you just do the math on that, this isn't how we would actually open them, but if you did the math on that, you have about 10 years worth of growth. So at this point, no. No plans to make any changes to that store potential number. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim Securities. 
Andrew Roberge: This is Andrew Roberge on for Bob Drbul. I think you guys mentioned that Florida was one of the top-performing states. Could you quantify if any of that was a rebound from the hurricanes in the prior quarter? And then I guess our second question. Any color around the performance by category, whether that'd be cold weather or any additional color on that'd be great. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On regional performance. As we mentioned in the commentary, Florida was the strongest region and some of that was a benefit somewhat from the bounce back from the hurricane. I'd say, outside of Florida, similar to the merchandise performance as we mentioned in our commentary, it was fairly broad-based. Of the major markets, California was just slightly below the chain average. Texas had a strong quarter with comps above the chain average. And then I'd mentioned the Midwest, which continue to perform well for us on top of many years of being the highest comping region. Merchandise performance, we called out Children's apparel and nonapparel had similar comps during the quarter. 
Barbara Rentler: But specifically as it pertains to cold weather, based on the weather, cold weather assortments performed well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Could you talk a little bit -- Barbara, a little bit one question for you and then one real estate question. But do you feel like there are any segments that you are missing in your stores or that are underdeveloped in the stores? And then can you talk a little bit about real estate? Because you've been pretty consistent with the store openings, but have you changed the size or the thoughts as to where you're opening the stores over the last year or so? 
Barbara Rentler: Marni, in terms of merchandise segments, I don't really think there's whole segments that, I think, we're missing. We're always looking to enhance the treasure hunt and to add different products and classifications to the assortments. And so underdeveloped businesses often start as a couple of things you try and then they grow out into different businesses. But again, overall, I don't feel like anything particular is missing. And we continue to try new areas to grow. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then, Marni, on your real estate question. As you know, we -- over the last several years, we've opened up a fairly steady pace, about 90 new stores a year. In 2018, it'll be closer to 100, which is more of a factor of timing and opportunity in terms of finding additional locations. In terms of anything that's changing. I would say, for some time now, we've been fairly flexible in terms of new store openings, in terms of size and also in terms of the type of location that we're moving into. And that's partly been driven by the fact -- as other retailers have gone out of business, that's created some opportunities for us to move into existing buildings. And that's basically triggered the need to be more flexible. But other than that flexibility, no other additional changes that I would call out. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: My first question is on the higher basket that you mentioned. Have you seen any progress on AUR flattening out? I know that's been a headwind for a while. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Lorraine. As we mentioned in the remarks, the 5 comp was driven by higher traffic and an increase in the basket. The basket was driven by higher units per transaction, and AUR was very similar to the trend. Throughout the year, it was down slightly. And that decrease was really a function of mix of business. 
Lorraine Maikis: Okay. And then just following up on the $11 wage increase. Are you seeing tightness in labor in your markets right now? I guess maybe just a little bit of the why behind the decision to go to $11. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So the direct answer to your question, Lorraine, is no. We're not seeing tightness across the board. There are always individual markets where there's tight labor market and where we have to respond. But across the board, we're pretty happy with the candidate pool that we're seeing for new hires and with our retention level of existing associates. So with that answer, let me give you a couple of reasons for why we're raising the minimum entry wage rate, why we're paying the onetime bonuses and improving the benefits programs. Firstly, although we're current -- as I say, we're currently happy with the hiring pipeline and our ability to retain existing associates, we recognize the labor market is pretty dynamic and competitive. And there's no doubt with the stressing economy as well as the effects of tax reform that those things are going to continue to push out wage rates. And it's important for us to keep pace with those changes. Secondly, we've been pretty successful over a long period of time. And with that success, our associates have been able to sort of benefit from competitive wages and benefits as well as career enhancement opportunities over time. And we think with that -- with our continued success and with the tax rate changes, now is a good time to sort of further recognize and reward our associates who helped drive that success. So -- and I guess the bottom line answer to your question is, we're happy with our ability to hire and retain associates today, but we want to keep it that way. And that's why we're making the changes that we're making. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: So I piggyback on the wage question. I guess, Michael, could you maybe help us out? What percentage of the store associates you have are already at $11 an hour wage versus the increase you're going to give to everyone else? And then I was wondering if maybe you could just help us with the -- maybe the EPS or the margin impact that's embedded in your guidance for the year from the higher wage. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Ike. We wouldn't say specifically for competitive reasons, both on the question of how many of the associates are already at the minimum wage. I would call out that California is already at $11, so that's 20%, 25% of our store base. As far as guidance for the year, we didn't provide a specific wage and benefit impact. But just to reiterate, we're showing EBIT down 105 to 125 basis points. And that includes 20 basis points from the 53rd week comparison. We would also expect the leverage on a 1 to 2 comp. And so beyond those factors, our guidance includes the impact from these competitive wage and benefit investments, then I'd also call out, we expect freight cost to be a headwind this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Mike, could you tell us when the $11 per hour wage will be worked into the system, so that we know if it's fully impacting Q1 or perhaps not until Q2? And then secondarily, I'm wondering if you can just talk about the freight in the -- or trucking headwinds that you're seeing. I think you have been experiencing some freight headwinds now for the last few years. They've generally been modest sort of in this range. Are you seeing any acceleration in those pressures? And how are you looking to manage that expense? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Kimberly. On the timing. The wage and benefit investments will be -- have a larger impact half the first quarter. That said, the first quarter does have things like California that's already at the $11. In terms of freight cost, the increase in freight cost that we've seen is driven by higher market rates, which is a function of tight capacity. That appears to us to be a combination of an improving economy, regulatory impacts and driver shortages. In addition, at least in Q4, diesel prices were at a 3-year high. Our expectation is we would continue to see, I would say, similar pressure to what we saw in 2017, and we've built that into our guidance. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay, Michael. And can you remind us for 2017, was that a 15 basis point headwind on the full year as well as the fourth quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: So for 2017, the impact to the freight cost was -- for the fourth quarter, it was 15 basis points. And the full year was 25 basis points. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Adrienne Yih with Wolfe Research. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: My question is on the ability to pass through some of these cost increases, be they freight or some of these wage increases. As the frontline distribution channel sort of cleans up their inventory and attempts to get a little bit more pricing discipline as they kind of move up their price points, does that give you some ability to pass through some of these expense increases through your AUR? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Sure, Adrienne. Really, well, we look at it as close to the AUR pricing is, our business is built off of a great branded values bargain. So we're in a price differential business with department stores and specialty stores. So our focus is on 2 things. It's on having that meaningful price differential and offering the right values that our customers come to expect. So I don't think it's a straight pass through on to the customer because customers absolutely want certain types of value. So I don't think it's pass through to customers now. 
Michael O'Sullivan: In fact, just adding to what Barbara just said, AUR is not where we would look to try and offset some of these expenses. If you look at our patent over the last few years, the wage inflation piece is not new. Going back over the last 3, 4 years now, we've been steadily taking up wages. And despite taking up wages, we've been able to, at the same time, actually improve our operating margin. And that's really been driven by 2 things. Number one, our very strong internal focus on managing expenses; and number two, our sales comp has been very strong and that helped us to leverage some of these expenses. So I think if you'll look at on a go-forward basis, what we're going to try and do and make sure that both of those 2 factors are still important: number one, managing down the costs; and number two, the sales growth. Now the final point I'd make about some of these cost increases is that they've been driven largely by a stronger economy. And that should be positive to retail. To the extent that our customer ends up having more money in their pockets, that should help the top line, which goes back to that point about using sales to leverage expenses. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Simeon Siegel with Nomura Instinet. 
Simeon Siegel: Sorry if I missed it, but what are your expectations for the Q1 gross margins? And then Barbara, has there been any change in the concentration of your top vendors versus prior years? And would you expect anything to change going forward? 
Michael Hartshorn: Simeon, we didn't provide the first quarter, only for the full year. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of our mix of top vendors. I mean, obviously, we do business at over 8,000 resources. And we wouldn't comment on the specifics of our mix of vendor, but no one vendor represents more than 3% of our sales, so... 
Simeon Siegel: And I guess more just talking about not the specific vendors but as the concentration of top vendors. Does that change? 
Michael Hartshorn: No. 
Barbara Rentler: No. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: I just had a larger picture question. As we think about the close-out availability, I guess do you see expansion of e-commerce as creating incremental opportunity, I mean, to just the best way to think about it? And then secondly, on the department stores, if they were to maintain this leaner inventory positioning and promotions were pared back over time, how do you think this impacts your business as well? So just e-commerce and department stores, any impact positive or negative as we think about off-price in your business? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, sure. First of all, there's been plenty of availability in the marketplace, so we haven't seen any supply issues. In terms of goods coming from e-commerce or coming from department stores, it's hard to differentiate where the availability is coming from. In terms of department stores, if they keep their inventories in line and they promote less, they would be promoting less because their business is better. And if their business is better, what usually goes hand-in-hand with that is that merchants -- the vendor community has more confidence to go out and produce more goods. So typically, that's where supply would come from. So if their business gets better, the supply should be better for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Can you give any color on your store openings this year maybe by region? Talk about California, Florida, Texas. What percent those states make up of the openings this year? And how do you think about that Ross versus dd's? And then just a second, curious about the CapEx. Can you talk about the breakdown CapEx spend this year versus last year, what that looks like? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Paul. I'll start with the capital question. So about 30% -- of the $475 million, about 30% is new stores. 30% is for, I'll call it, maintenance capital and store refreshes. 15% for supply chain-related investments and then 25% is technology and other G&A. The technology is focused on refreshing some of our enterprise systems and also information security. And then in terms of store roll out, we typically don't provide by state-level details. I'll say that we're focused, again, on about 1/3 in the new markets and then 1/3 we -- you saw a quarter is dd's store openings and the rest is in our existing markets. 
Paul Lejuez: And then how are you guys thinking about the next time we'll see you guys entering new market for Ross? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Well, we -- at the moment -- well, for the last 5 years, our major new region, if you like, has been the Midwest. So for us, that's really the focus of sort of new market openings. Now if I address your question slightly to when will we start opening outside of the Midwest, it's going to be several years. So for the next -- certainly, for the next few years, new markets for us are going to be in the Midwest. And the other point I would make is, out of the 90 net new store openings, so 100 gross, only about 1/4 of those are in our new region. The other 3/4 are in existing markets or region. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Merriman with Bernstein. 
Jamie Merriman: You've alluded a couple times about the wage increase maybe more broadly and impact that you're seeing on the economy. Do you think you're seeing any evidence of what's happening more broadly in the market in terms of wage increase starting to benefit the business yet? Or is your expectation of that still to come? 
Michael O'Sullivan: There are so many factors, Jamie, that go into the sales line. So many things that can affect our sales and our comp. It's hard to isolate one individual factor. For example, to split out the impact of wage rate increases versus reductions in unemployment versus other factors that may be driving sales. So any conceptually, it's pretty -- it's good to see if the customer has more money in their pockets because of wages or because of lower taxes that, that should help us. But as I say, it's pretty hard for us to isolate and evaluate the contribution that that's making to sales. 
Jamie Merriman: Okay. And just thinking through the comp guidance, it seems like there are still maybe more to play for if you do start to see more of that comes through. Is that the right way to think about it? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Certainly. We always hope that on the comp line, that we'll do better. And yes, when we put together our guidance, we try and weigh these factors, the positives and the negatives. On the positive side, the growing economy, the lower tax rates, the higher wage rates. But on the negative side, there are some reasons for caution, too, whether it's the strong economy might drive inflation and the cost of living or improved results from some retailers may not be sustainable. It may cause a more promotional environment. There are positives and negatives that went into our guidance. But certainly, we always hope to do better in our guidance. And I think we've demonstrated, certainly, over the last few years, that if the business is there, we can chase it. So even if we guide to 1 to 2 and manage the business as if we're going to go 1 to 2, we'll always chase if the business exists and try to overachieve those with that guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI. 
Omar Saad: I kind of want to ask you a slightly philosophical question. If we are coming off a period where there was a lot of excess inventory in play and disintermediation from the rise of digital, and we are entering a period where brands are a little bit more -- a little bit careful -- more careful department stores, the industry as a whole, a little bit more careful planning inventory. Can you help us think about historically with a better macroeconomic backdrop, maybe help us think historically how the business model has performed in those periods where the economy maybe is healthier or consumer demand is healthier, but the inventory availability maybe not be as robust as it has been the last couple of years? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure, Omar. So I think if we look back historically at our performance, we've done well as a business when the economy is doing poorly. And we've done well as a business when the economy is doing well. And the drivers of our performance do change based upon how the economy is doing. So when the economy is doing well, typically, what happens is the price differentiation between us and department stores and other competitors actually increases. So we actually offer even better value, and that drives business to the store. The other thing that tends to happen in an improving economy is the vendors tend to make more product. So that can also help us to fuel those sales. Obviously, in a negative economy, you end up with the flip side happening. You end up with the market becoming more promotional, which makes life difficult. But you also end up with supply because, obviously, some of the sales expectations of the department stores and other retailers aren't met. So I kind of feel like if you look at the history, we've kind of done well in both types of economy. So it's not clear to us in an improving economy that we would face any serious problems. 
Omar Saad: Do you -- point blank, do you prefer one to the other or are you indifferent? 
Michael O'Sullivan: I don't know. 
Barbara Rentler: We're flexible. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. That's right. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about occupancy costs, which it sounds like improved in this fourth quarter, what are you seeing in terms of new store occupancy costs and how those are faring versus renewal of existing leases? And also as you think about the online business, just from online-only entities gaining some share, are you benefiting from the returns? Are they showing of an off-price in terms of the returns? And how does that margin compared to a traditional margin? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Dana. I'll start with occupancy cost. I'd answer the question more generally. What we've seen is that rents have stabilized and occupancy costs have stabilized both in new rentals and renegotiation of things that are coming up for lease renewal. This year, we're actually able to level occupancy cost at -- below our historical 4% comp level. Going forward, we see occupancy cost at right around the 4% in 2018. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then Dana, on your question about online returns. It's possible that return merchandise if it's high quality and unspoiled, it could be finding its way into the off-price channel. As long as it represents great value, we'd be interested in that product. And that could be, I underline the word could, be one of the additional things that's contributing to the abundant availability that we're seeing. It -- as Barbara mentioned in her earlier answer, it's hard for us to separate out and identify where specific product was originally intended for. What we see at the end of the day is, first, quality, unspoiled merchandise that's available for sale. And obviously, if they represent a good bargain, we're interested in that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Albert Chen with Cowen and Company. 
Courtney Willson: This is Courtney Willson on for Oliver today. We just had a question on marketing in 2018. Are you anticipating any changes to the strategy as you continue to build out your store base or if you're planning any change in the spend versus historical level? And then as you do open new stores, are you anticipating 2018 new store productivity to remain at similar levels to 2017? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Courtney, on your marketing question. Our marketing strategy and message over the years has been very consistent. The message is that we offer the best values in apparel and home fashions. I wouldn't expect that message or that message will not change and our marketing programs, the communication will not change. That said, we will look for ways, and we always do look for ways to make the message more effective, whether that's in terms of the creative or the media strategy. But the underlying message to the customer that we offer great value will be consistent. 
Michael Hartshorn: And then on the new store productivity. Given that our focus on new stores are in similar approach over the last couple of years, the new store productivity has been somewhat consistent, around 60% to 65% for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Tunick with RBC. 
Brian Tunick: I guess maybe Barbara, for you. Can you maybe talk about what categories might have led -- and then the company in 2017? And maybe what do you think are the biggest opportunities in 2018? And then on top of that, maybe talk about the Home business. Do you have any longer-term goals of what you think Home could grow as a percentage of the company? And then maybe, Michael, on the traffic side. Just curious, any anecdotal estimates on how much competitor, bankruptcies or store closings might have aided your traffic gains this past year? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure, Brian. In terms of categories that lagged the company throughout the year. I would say the biggest category that lagged was Accessories, although as the year went on, in the fourth quarter improved. But in terms of total company, clearly, Accessories was the business that lagged the most. Opportunities for 2018, we're feeling is very broad-based, both Apparel and Home. We feel good about our Apparel business. It's moving in the right direction and always has more work to do, particularly in Ladies but it is moving in the right direction. And in terms of our Home business growing as a percent of the company. Home has been -- had good business for a number of years now. We see that continuing to grow. We don't have a particular percent of the company in mind, just that we know it's a growth area, and we feel good about it. 
Michael Hartshorn: Brian, then on impact of store closures. We are seeing a benefit to stores in proximity to the closed stores. But given the number of stores that left is not meaningful to either our overall comp or traffic statistics. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would turn the call back over to the presenters. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-15 23:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2016 Form 10-K and fiscal 2017 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
 We'll begin our call today with a review of our third quarter and year-to-date performance, followed by our outlook for the remainder of the year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 
 As noted in today's press release, our third quarter sales and earnings outperformed our expectations despite being up against our toughest prior year comparison and 2 major hurricanes during the quarter. We are pleased with these results, which reflect our continued market share gains in a challenging retail environment. 
 Earnings per share for the period were $0.72, up 16% from last year. These results include an approximate $0.01 benefit from favorable expense timing that's expected to reverse in the fourth quarter. 
 Net earnings grew to $274 million compared to $204 million in the prior year. Sales for the third quarter rose 8% to $3.3 billion with comparable store sales up 4% on top of a robust 7% gains last year. 
 Operating margin of 13.3% was better than expected, mainly due to a combination of higher merchandise margins and leverage on above-plan sales.
 For the first 9 months of fiscal 2017, earnings per share were $2.36, up 15% on top of an 11% increase in the prior year. Net earnings were $912 million, up from $817 million last year. Sales year-to-date rose 8% to $10.1 billion with comparable store sales up 4% versus a 4% gain in the same period last year. 
 By region, trends were fairly broad-based with the Midwest performing the strongest during the period. We estimate that the hurricanes in Texas and Florida had a minimal impact for the quarter as sales rebounded significantly following the storms. 
 By merchandise category, children's was the best-performing area, benefiting from solid execution of our merchandising strategies. 
 Similar to Ross, dd's DISCOUNTS continued to post better-than-expected gains in both sales and operating profit for the third quarter. As we ended the third quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 4%, with average in-store inventories flat compared to the prior year. Packaway as a percent of total inventories was 46% compared to 45% last year. 
 Turning to our expansion programs, we opened 30 new Ross and 10 dd's DISCOUNT locations in third quarter, completing our 2017 store opening program. We expect to end the year with 1,408 Ross and 213 dd's DISCOUNTS stores, a net increase of 88 locations for fiscal 2017. 
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our third quarter results and details on our guidance for the remainder of the year. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Let's start with our third quarter results. Our 4% comparable store sales gain was driven by increases in both traffic and the size of the average basket. As Barbara mentioned, third quarter operating margin outperformed our projections and increased 65 basis points to 13.3%. 
 Cost of goods sold for the quarter improved 30 basis points, driven by a 25 basis point increase in merchandise margin and occupancy and buying costs that were lower by 20 basis points each. These gains were partially offset by 30 basis point increase in freight cost, along with 5 basis points in higher distribution expenses due mainly to the timing of packaway-related costs. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses during the period were lower by 35 basis points as a result of leverage on our 4% comparable store sales gain and as we anniversaried nonrecurring cost in last year's third quarter. 
 During the quarter, we repurchased 3.6 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $219 million. Year-to-date, we have bought back a total of 10.5 million shares for an aggregate price of $649 million. We remain on track to buy back a total of $875 million in stock for the year under the 2-year, $1.75 billion stock repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors in February of this year. 
 Let's turn now to our fourth quarter outlook. As mentioned in our press release, we are raising our sales expectations for the fourth quarter. We now forecast comparable store sales to increase 2% to 3% on top of strong [Audio Gap] over the last several years. We are projecting earnings per share to remain unchanged at $0.88 to $0.92, as the benefit from higher comparable store sales is expected to be offset by the aforementioned expense timing shift from the third to the fourth quarter. As a reminder, our EPS guidance for both the fourth quarter and fiscal year includes an estimated benefit of $0.08 from the extra week. 
 The operating statement assumptions for our fourth quarter guidance include the following: total sales are projected to grow 11% to 12%, which includes a benefit from this year's 53rd week; operating margin is projected to be in the range of 14.0% to 14.2% versus 13.6% in the prior year; net interest expense is estimated to be about $1.5 million; our tax rate is planned at approximately 37% to 38%; and we expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 380 million. 
 Based on our year-to-date results and projected fourth quarter guidance, we are now planning earnings per share for the full year on a 53-week basis to be in the range of $3.24 to $3.28. On a 52-week basis, this updated forecast for fiscal 2017 represents solid projected earnings per share growth of 12% to 13% on top of a 13% gain in 2016. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. Again, we are pleased with the better-than-expected results we achieved in the third quarter despite facing our toughest prior year comparisons and 2 major hurricanes. 
 As we enter the fourth quarter, we are encouraged by our above-plan sales and earnings year-to-date. In addition, our merchants have done an excellent job of acquiring exciting assortment of sharply priced name-brand fashions and guests to appeal to today's holiday shoppers. While we're optimistic about our prospects for the fourth quarter, our guidance reflects an uncertain external environment and the likelihood of yet another very promotional holiday season. As Michael just mentioned, we also faced our own challenging multiyear comparisons. Nonetheless, we believe that off-price will remain a strong performing segment in retail, driven by consumers' ongoing focus on value. 
 Most importantly, we have a consistent track record of being able to deliver the compelling bargains that our customers desire. All of this makes us confident in our ability to achieve solid growth in sales and earnings over the long term. 
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Simeon Siegel with Nomura Instinet. 
Simeon Siegel: So with most companies calling out hurricane and warm weather impacts, can you just share any thoughts as to why you to really didn't see those pressures? And then just any way to think about operating expenses into next year, whether it's wage, freight or just anything else to keep in mind. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, it's Michael Hartshorn. On the hurricane impact, so we estimate that the negative impact of the hurricanes in Texas and Florida was less than 50 basis points to comp sales for the quarter end. To be clear, that estimate includes both the initial store closures and a significant bounce back following the storms. About 15% of our stores were closed at some point during the storms, but all stores have reopened and all stores remained in our comp base throughout the quarter. In terms of other weather trends outside the hurricane impacts, weather was relatively neutral for us during the quarter. 
Simeon Siegel: Okay, great. And then any thoughts on operating expenses? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. So on operating expenses for next year, we wouldn't comment at this point. But in our year-end call, we'll update our guidance for the year. 
Operator: Your next question is from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: Can you talk about your increased top line confidence entering the fourth quarter and just anything you're seeing by category or execution opportunity versus last year? And if you drill down by region, could you just talk about new store performance in your Midwest builds and anything in Texas post the hurricanes. Any kind of color would be great. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. In terms of the updated guidance in the fourth quarter, as we mentioned in our comments, we're  encouraged by our above-plan sales trends, not only in the third quarter, but certainly in the last six months. And our view that we're well positioned in terms of assortment and value offering for the holidays. In terms of regional performance, as we mentioned, comments -- in our comments on the Midwest, it was the strongest performing region, and that's been the case since we entered the market in 2011. Among our other geographies, Texas actually performed above the chain average with the significant sales rebound following Harvey. Obviously, that only impacted the Houston market or mainly impacted the Houston market. Florida was below the chain average with most of the state impacted by Irma, and California performed relatively in line with the chain average. Our new store credits -- go ahead. Sorry, Matt. 
Matthew Boss: No, no, go ahead. I was just going to ask about the new store productivity exactly. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, so new store productivity, we've mentioned this on our past calls, it's come down over the last couple of years, certainly with the entry into the Midwest and also our dd's expansion. But that said, Midwest continues to be one of the strongest comping markets for us. Overall, Ross' new stores are in the neighborhood of 60% to 65% of the chain average, with no material change this year. 
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Tunick with RBC. 
Brian Tunick: I guess, I was curious, Barbara, when you think about the biggest opportunities versus holiday last year, when you think about marketing or gifting or flow of goods, what do you think there are a couple of opportunities are? And then maybe Michael can talk a little bit about the comp composition. Should we expect at some point? Do you think AUR can start to flatten out? Or is the model really driven by increases in traffic and the basket size? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure, Brian. In terms of a product this year versus last year, what I would say is that our business is performing -- our performance is pretty broad-based right now. So we feel good as we enter into the fourth quarter that both our apparel and non-apparel businesses are working well. In terms of difference on the floor, what I would say is you'll see an expansion of gifts. And I think in terms of values on the floor, there's been a lot of availability in the market and we've had solid execution by the merchants all year, and that translates to good values in fashions on the floor for the fourth quarter. 
Michael Hartshorn: On the comp composition of the comp sales increase, Brian, as we mentioned in prepared remarks, the 4% comp was driven by traffic and the size of the average basket. That basket was driven by increase in the units per transaction with AUR down slightly. Your question specific to AUR, it's been relatively flat for a number of years. It is down slightly, but that's driven by the mix of the business. 
Brian Tunick: Okay. And if I could just throw out one more. On the market share gains you've been talking about, so far this year, any changes in how your marketing in those store clusters? Or anything you're doing differently to capture those customers? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Brian, this is Michael O'Sullivan. The answer is no, not really. I mean, we are -- we continue to experiment in that marketing with new forms of marketing, but nothing that I would point to that really has driven our comp. What's been driving our comp is really the great values that are in the store. The marketing is reporting that, but it isn't what's driving it. 
Operator: Your next question is from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Michael, I wanted to ask about SG&A. Obviously, you delivered very nice SG&A leverage here in the third quarter. It sounded like there was a $0.01 benefit to the third quarter from a shift and you anniversaried, I think, some -- I think you said nonrecurring cost from last year. So on a normal go-forward basis on a 4% comp, let's say, I know you don't guide to 4%, but in the third quarter, you delivered a 4%, what sort of normal leverage would we expect to see out of SG&A? And then I'm wondering if you can talk to us about how you're thinking about any future impacts on SG&A from wage headwinds and how we should think about Ross navigating those wage headwinds? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. As we mentioned, the impact to the quarter as a reminder, last year in the third quarter, we did a 7 comp, but only levered by 5 basis points. So that included a nonrecurring matter that helped our comparison this year. Going forward, the expectation would be for us to have some leverage at the 3% comp level, that's kind of the breakeven. And looking into the fourth quarter, if we performed above the high end of the guidance, I think you should expect some leverage. In terms of wages, we're going through our budget right now and we'll provide an update at year-end. But as we've always done, we'll look to mitigate any impact from wages by being more efficient in the business. Obviously, wages could also be positive for top line sales as well. So we'll update the group on our year-end call. 
Operator: Your next question is from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI. 
Omar Saad: I wanted to ask you a question about fashion and the fashion quotient, how you think about the fashion quotient as you guys build inventory for holiday and into next year. Are there trends in the marketplace that you see are applicable across categories that create consumer interest that you see opportunities? Just anything along those lines, how you're thinking about fashion in your product, that would be great. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. I would say that there weren't really any strong, strong fashion trends out there. I mean, there's some smaller trends, but something that would be -- would change the course of what you were doing going from a skinny jeans to a wide-legged pant. There's no major fashion trend. So I think that's part of the issue as you go through, particularly in Ladies Apparel is that there aren't any real drivers out there. The trends that are out there, however, we have in our assortment. And because we've been able to execute at such a high level and have liquidity, we've been able to chase availability and get in-season goods. And so we feel pretty good about our assortments as we enter into the fourth quarter, but I actually think a big part of the fashion quotient in the Ladies business is the lack of fashion to be honest. 
Operator: Your next question is from Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: So fantastic that traffic was up in the basket. And I was curious if the basket, was it because of -- was it a mixed shift? Is she buying something different? Or is she buying more units? I'm curious what the complexion of it was. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Marni. The basket was driven by more units. AUR was down slightly, and that's been our trend for some time now, certainly over the last year, 1.5 years. The comp has been driven by a combination of both traffic in basket. 
Marni Shapiro: And are you planning AUR down? Or is it just better buys and -- or mixed shift that's causing AUR down? 
Michael Hartshorn: It's mixed shift, Marni. 
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Lejuez with Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Just curious about the performance of women's apparel, also the home category. And curious, as we think about fourth quarter, how are you planning merchandise margin? And also curious what's price or what's baked in from a packaway perspective. Any impact that, that might have on your gross margin? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. In terms of performance, the Ladies business performed slightly behind the chain average and home performed slightly ahead of the chain average. And in Ladies, as you would expect, that's a difficult -- it's a difficult business in the outside world, so we were pleased with that performance and continue to work on that business. In terms of Q4 merchandise margin... 
Michael Hartshorn: Margins are planned up. In our guidance, they're planned up a bit, Paul, for the fourth quarter. 
Paul Lejuez: And what's driving that, Michael? 
Michael Hartshorn: Its trend and it's a combination of above-plan performance so far. At least year-to-date, it's been driven by availability and it's been driven by our ability to stay liquid and performing above plan. It forces us to chase the business with closeouts, and there is some leverage you get on markdowns if you turn [ classic ]. 
Paul Lejuez: Got you. And then just have one other piece on the gross margins in terms of the packaway impact. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. We wouldn't talk about the margin impact of packaway. It's usually the best in terms of margin impact, packaway. We see it as a sales driver versus a margin driver. 
Paul Lejuez: [indiscernible] as far as how things flow in and out of the DC timing there? 
Michael Hartshorn: No change from last year. 
Operator: Your next question is from Oliver Chen with Cowen. 
Oliver Chen: We had a question related to the merchandise margins and the dynamics between mark ons versus markdowns and what you've been seeing in relation to mark ons. It sounds like it's been encouraging. The other question is about the non-apparel product mix. What's your framework for thinking about how to best utilize your square footage? You've done a really good job managing inventories, but it feels like there's a nice opportunity ahead as you evaluate what customers would want to buy from you in categories other than apparel. 
Michael Hartshorn: Oliver, in terms of the complexion of merchandise margin, it's been a mix of both the [ pioneer ] or mark on and turning faster, and that's been true all year and it was fairly true in the third quarter. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. And in terms of non-apparel in the product mix as it relates to the store, first, we've decided what businesses we want to drive and what trends we want to drive. In terms of utilizing square footage, since we cut our inventory 40% over the last 6 years or so, that space is an issue in terms of maximizing that space. We drive that base off of really what products we want to drive into -- and put in front of the customer. We don't necessarily, just say we want to fill the space to say what is it you really want and can we deliver compelling bargains, and then that's how we decide how we're going to expand the business. 
Michael Hartshorn: [indiscernible] 
Oliver Chen: And do you have any thoughts just on mark-on trends going forward? Do you expect IMU to be a multiyear benefit? Just would love your thoughts on that. And then if you have any specificity about categories, you had incremental interest in which you don't -- which you could drive intensity in, that would be interesting. 
Michael Hartshorn: Oliver, on forward-looking margin components, that's not something we talk about on the call. 
Barbara Rentler: In terms of businesses, you're asking me what businesses we'd like to expand go forward? I mean, we'll be really successful also on the call also. We're always trying to diversify the mix in the store. But giving specifics on the call, we wouldn't talk to. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Laura Champine with Roe Equity Research. 
Laura Champine: I wanted to talk a little bit about the drivers. The UPT that's headed higher, are you doing a better job on cash wrap? Or do you have consumers buying a cross-category more than they did in the past? Or what's driving that? And then on the flip side, you said that AUR is lower because of mix shift. Is that in any specific category? Are you seeing that trend across the store? 
Michael Hartshorn: Laura, on UPT, we think it's just a function of putting great values in front of the customer, and it's a product of the merchandise. So customers in, they're buying more per visit. And the second half of your question was on AUR. AUR is just down slightly and it's mixed within mixes of business. So it's not a fundamental change for us. 
Laura Champine: And it's not focused in any one category more than others, is that true? 
Michael Hartshorn: It's not. Yes, it's not. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim Securities. 
Robert Drbul: Just wondering if in terms of the comp performance, do you feel like you've had significant benefit from competitive store closures throughout retail? And on the children's business, can you just elaborate on what you saw in children's and what led that to be such a successful category this quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: On the store closures, no, there's not a significant benefit. There's -- the number of stores is not only not material, it impacts about 10% of the chain. But the pickup post-liquidation is not meaningful to the overall comp. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the Kid's business, the performance is broad-based. So it was every segment, infant, boys, girls, and we've had really solid execution in there. And so we were able to chase a lot of that business and offer compelling bargains to the customer. 
Robert Drbul: Great. And on dd's, are you seeing success in similar categories that you're seeing at Ross? Or is there a big difference from the merchandising mix there? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Well, yes, as Barbara said in her remarks, dd's posted pretty good sales and operating profit in the quarter. I would say that, as you know, dd's has a somewhat different customer segment. But in many ways, the same factors that drove Ross' success, they're also at play at dd's. That's the focus on value, the ability to offer great bargains through opportunistic buying, but very strong execution of our merchandising and operating strategies. Those same factors apply at dd's. But the specifics in terms of what are the merchandising strategies are different, obviously, between dd's and Ross. But the overall drivers, I would say, are very similar. 
Operator: Your next question is from Roxanne Meyer with MKM Partners. 
Roxanne Meyer: My question is on your packaway business, it's been a fairly consistent percentage. But I'm just wondering in light of the continued market availability and the trends that you've been seeing, the fact that you've been chasing business, I'm wondering if you're thinking longer term about scaling that business down or changing the way that you buy over time. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, the way we think about packaway is if there's -- there's no definitive number we go out there thinking about it with. We really do it based off of what the merchandise has offered out there is for us. So if it's great deal, we buy it. And so that, oftentimes, builds to the number of that, that you get to. You're trying to get to if we're chasing business for packaway because sometimes you're compelling bargains of seasonal goods. So if it's sweaters or outdoor or things like that, you want to pack that away because you can use those to open the season and to drive sales until you get more availability in the marketplace. So we feel good about packaway, and we feel good -- very good about the contents of the packaway that we have right now. 
Operator: Your next question is from Jamie Merriman with Bernstein. 
Jamie Merriman: My question is just a follow-up on sales productivity. As you build awareness and market share in the Midwest, would your expectation be that, that new store productivity should start to come up over time? And can you just talk about for your more mature stores in the Midwest, are you seeing sales productivity at chain average levels? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. Certainly, we would see stores after they open given the comp that their average store volumes are increasing. Right now, we're planning the business as if the productivity would be lower in year 1 and then comp faster in the first couple years. It's unlikely that it would reach the chain average. We have been in regions for 30 years in California, which are our most productive stores. But we would expect them to continue to grow over time for sure. 
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: Maybe a two-part question. One on dd's, is it yet -- or at what point does it become big enough to impact the comp? In other words, does the Ross-only stores comp reflects the total company comp? Or at some point, is dd's sort of dragging up the entire comp as it becomes bigger? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. So Mike, at this point, dd's represents less than 10% of the business. So just mathematically, the key driver of the corporation's comp is Ross' comp. 
Michael Baker: Understood. But if at 10% of the business, if it were less mature in comping up 500 basis points better, that could sort of lift total comps by 50 basis points and be the difference between the way you guys report a whole number. So in other words, just trying to see if the core stores are comping in line with what you're reporting for the total company. And I guess, it sounds like they are. Maybe a follow-up question, is there any big differential based on the maturity of stores? I guess, you said California, which I presume are the most mature stores are in line with the chain average. But maybe if you look at 5-year-old stores versus 10-year-old stores versus 15-year-old stores, et cetera, do the comps fall off as you go out further? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, I'd say the differential on comp is really in the first 5 years. After 5 years, there's not a meaningful break. Again, I used California as an example. We've been in there for 30 years. And the vast majority of those stores we've been in, 10, 15 years, and there's no break and there's no lack of confidence in the stores. So the real differential is the first 5 years. 
Operator: The next question is from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs. 
Lindsay Mann: I had a follow-up question for Michael on your comment that inventory has been turning faster all year and that's helped your merchandise margin. I was curious what the key driver was of that accelerated inventory turn, whether it's related to maybe new systems or processes or a product mix. What explains it? And is there more left to go there for next year where we can expect inventory turns to be faster again? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Lindsay. So first, inventories have been down over 40% over a number of years. This year, it's strictly a function of how we're executing the business in open-to-buy. We go into the year with a 1 to 2 comp. We plan inventories at that level. If we can exceed that comp, you're able to chase the business and you turn faster. So this year is really a function of how we manage the business, and I think that's going to be the opportunity going forward as well in terms of when we look into next year and beyond. 
Lindsay Mann: Got it. And one for Barbara, you highlighted in your opening remarks that you're braced for a very promotional holiday. Holidays are often very promotional. I'm curious if you think there's anything different about sort of how you think this holiday season might play out or dynamics that you think might allow it to shape up differently than other kind of promotional seasons in the past. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, it's been promotional all year. What I really think is that it will be more promotional. It's already started to be more promotional. We are starting earlier, and then that last-minute push at the very end, our expectation is that it will be more promotional than it was last year as far as that is to believe, but I do believe that. And so we're trying to posture ourselves, understanding that that's what that looks like. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-16 23:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2016 Form 10-K and fiscal 2017 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon.
 Joining me on our call today are Michael Balmuth, Executive Chairman; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations.
 We will begin our call today with a review of our second quarter and year-to-date performance, followed by our outlook for the remainder of the year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As noted in today's press release, we are pleased with the better-than-expected growth we delivered in both sales and earnings in the second quarter, especially given our challenging multiyear comparison and today's volatile retail climate. Earnings per share for the period were $0.82, up 15% on top of a 13% increase last year. Net earnings for the second quarter grew to $317 million compared to $282 million for the same period last year. Sales rose 8% to $3,432,000,000 with comparable store sales up 4% on top of a 4% gain in the prior year. Operating margin of 14.9% for the quarter outperformed our projections mainly due to a combination of higher merchandise margin and leverage on our above-plan sales.
 For the first 6 months of fiscal 2017, earnings per share were $1.64, up 14% on top of a 9% increase in the prior year. Net earnings were $638 million, up from $573 million in last year's first half. Sales year-to-date rose 7% to $6,738,000,000 with comparable store sales up 4% versus a 3% gain in the same period last year. 
 Sales trends during the quarter were broad-based across all major geographic regions and merchandise category. The Midwest and Southeast were the strongest regions while shoes was the best performing merchandise category at Ross. dd's DISCOUNTS also posted strong better-than-expected gains in both sales and operating profits for the quarter.
 As we ended the second quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 3% compared to the prior year, with average in-store inventories up slightly. Packaway as a percent of total inventories was 46% compared to 47% at this time last year.
 Turning to expansion programs. We opened 21 new Ross and 7 dd's DISCOUNTS locations in the second quarter. For the 2017 fiscal year, we continue to plan for a total of about 70 new Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate a handful of stores.
 Now, Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our second quarter results and details on our second half guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara.
 Let's start with our second quarter results. Our 4% comparable store sales gain was driven by increases in both traffic and the size of the average basket. As mentioned earlier, second quarter operating margin outperformed our projections, increasing 50 basis points to 14.9% compared to 14.4% last year.
 Cost of goods sold for the second quarter improved 25 basis points driven by a better-than-expected 35 basis point increase in merchandise margin, 20 basis points in lower occupancy costs and distribution expenses that were lower by 10 basis points. These gains were partially offset by a 25 basis point increase in freight costs, along with 15 basis points of higher buying costs.
 Selling, general and administrative expenses during the period were lower by 25 basis points. This improvement includes a nonrecurring benefit of approximately 20 basis points from legal-related costs.
 During the quarter, we repurchased 3.6 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $215 million. Year-to-date, we have bought back a total of 6.9 million shares for an aggregate price of $430 million. As planned, we expect to buy back a total of $875 million in stock for the year under the 2-year $1.75 billion stock repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors in February of this year.
 Let's turn now to our second half guidance. For the third quarter ending October 28, 2017, same-store sales are forecast to increase 1% to 2% on top of a robust 7% gain last year, with earnings per share projected to be in the range of $0.64 to $0.67 versus $0.62 in last year's third quarter.
 For the fourth quarter ending February 3, 2018, we are also planning same-store sales to be up 1% to 2% on top of a solid 4% gain last year, with earnings per share projected to be $0.88 to $0.92 compared to $0.77 last year. This includes an approximate benefit of $0.08 due to the 53rd week.
 Now, I'll provide some additional operating statement assumptions for the third quarter EPS target. Total sales are projected to grow 4% to 5%. We're planning to add 30 new Ross and 10 dd's DISCOUNTS locations during the period. Operating margin is projected to be in the range of 12.4% to 12.6% versus 12.6% in the prior year. Net interest expense is estimated to be about $2.5 million. Our tax rate is planned at approximately 37% to 38%. And we expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 384 million. As noted in today's press release, based on our results for the first 6 months as well as our second half forecast, we now are projecting earnings per share for the full year on a 53-week basis to increase 12% to 14% to $3.16 to $3.23 on top of a 13% gain in fiscal 2016.
 Now, I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael.
 Once again, we are pleased with the better-than-expected sales and earnings gains we delivered for both the second quarter and the first half of the year. These results were driven by our ongoing ability to offer compelling bargains to today's value-oriented consumer.
 Looking ahead to the second half, we realize that we face our most challenging prior year comparison and a volatile retail backdrop. So while we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to maintain a somewhat cautious outlook for the balance of this year, which is reflected in our guidance.
 Nevertheless, over the longer term, we are very confident in our ability to offer customers outstanding value throughout our stores. This will always be our top priority as it has proven to be the most crucial driver in consistently delivering solid results in both sales and earnings.
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Michael, I wanted to ask you about the merch margin line. You guided it flat to start the year for the first time in a long time, but it's come in well above that for the first half of the year. Just kind of curious if you could talk about what's driven that upside, any specifics you can give? And then, how you're thinking about merch margin into the back half of your year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Ike. For the second quarter, as we mentioned, merchandise margin was up 35 basis points. It was really driven by a combination of better buying, but also when we're able to exceed our initial sales plan, there's markdown leverage and it helps us move to drive the business with closeouts, so that was beneficial in the second quarter.
 As we think about the third quarter, our current guidance assumes that merchandise margins are slightly lower, but that's because we're up against a 50 basis point increase from Q3 of last year. 
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: I will ask about what you're seeing in Hispanic markets. I know you talked about some of your regional trends, but there's been some concern that some Hispanic markets might not be performing as well. Anything to call out there in terms of your same-store sales? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Mike, we track and analyze the performance of our stores based upon various different demographic factors and obviously that includes looking at Hispanic markets. And the answer is no. We have not seen an issue in those markets. 
Michael Baker: Okay. That's helpful. If I could ask one more. I was curious about the promotional environment. Some of the department stores lowered their inventories. Their gross margins were lower though, which would speak to being promotional. Obviously, you guys did well, but I'm wondering if you had any comments on the promotional environment from some of your competitors. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Although the inventory levels were down, the promotional environment continue to be very aggressive. And actually, we just consider that, that is the way to do business now, that, that is going to continue as we go forward through back-to-school and through holiday. 
Operator: Your next question is from Omar Saad from Evercore ISI. 
Omar Saad: I wanted to ask about marketing. How you guys are evolving your marketing strategies in this digital era? Are you using new techniques because the traffic and the comp trends are obviously quite excellent and counter to what's happening out there in the rest of the retail? I'm wondering if you can point to some new media strategies that might be working for you. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Omar, it's Michael O'Sullivan. I would say that our marketing strategy, marketing message, marketing programs remain fairly consistent. The message in those marketing programs is that we offer great values. And that's -- it's really the great values that, I think, have driven our trend and will continue to drive our trend rather than the marketing programs.
 Now, within your question, you mentioned sort of new marketing techniques. It is true. We're absolutely experimenting and expanding nontraditional forms of marketing, but I'd stop short of saying that those are really making a significant contribution to our trend. They're helpful, but they're not really what what's driving our business. 
Operator: Your next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Lorraine Maikis: Can you provide some information around comp metrics? Was traffic positive? What did you see in ticket? And anything else that you could share to help us get a feel for how you drove that plus 4%? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Lorraine. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, the 4% comp was driven by higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket. Proportionately, traffic contributed more than the basket. The higher basket was driven by an increase in more units. AUR was down just slightly due to the mix of business. 
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Lejuez from Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: The Home business. Could you just comment on how Home performed during the quarter? And also, curious, what percent of your business is Home right now in Ross versus dd's? And where do you see that going over time? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Home outperformed the company. It continues to be a strong business for us as it is for many people. In terms of our total percent to company... 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. We wouldn't -- Paul, on the breakout between Ross and dd's, we wouldn't break that out separately. On a total basis, it's upper 20% of the business is Home for us, 25%. It's about a quarter. 
Paul Lejuez: Got you. I'm curious, have you guys started thinking about store growth for Ross versus dd's next year? I'm just curious how far away are we from maybe seeing the growth start to skew more towards dd's versus Ross? Or is that very far off into the future? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. We'll comment more at the end of the year on our specific plans for 2018, but I think for planning purposes, you can assume that our store openings will be pretty much in line with where they've been the last couple of years. 80 to 90 new stores, approximately 20 to 25 of those being dd's and the rest being Ross. I wouldn't expect a significant change in that over the next couple of years. 
Operator: Your next question is from Laura Champine from Roe Equity Research. 
Laura Champine: You just put up a very strong comp on a 2-year basis and the guidance for next quarter's comp is perhaps even better, implies that you could do even better, an 8% to 9% comp on a 2-year basis. Is your confidence in continuing to grow the comp next quarter, the one we're currently in, is that driven by trends you're seeing today? Or what else may you be factoring into that assumption? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Laura. While we do face our most challenging prior year comparisons in Q3, it's clear to us that the consumer continues to favor retailers that offer compelling value. And we think that bodes well for us going into the third quarter. 
Operator: Your next question is from Oliver Chen from Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: We had a question related to inventory. It's been extremely well managed throughout the years. What are your thoughts for what's next? And it feels like your stores could even have more stuff and there's nice opportunities in new categories. So just a question about different priorities with inventory management and what you can do to potentially even maximize the existing space you have? And then, longer term, I was just curious about what's in your mindset in terms of your corporate strategies and what you're thinking about with digital at large over the next 5 years? 
Michael Hartshorn: Oliver, on the inventory question, so we've gone through a period of 7, 8 years of inventory reduction. Our total inventory is down over 40% over the last number of years. So as we look at it going forward, we're comfortable operating at our current levels. That -- those reductions obviously have contributed to significant margin improvements, but we're in the very late innings of those reductions and are comfortable at the current levels. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then on your question about digital, Oliver, if I break it into, first of all, marketing, we are -- over the last 5 to 8 years, we've gone from spending really nothing on sort of nontraditional digital marketing, so to speak, to a significant chunk of our marketing budget now goes into those media. And we're pretty happy with the results. A lot of that space is still evolving, so I think we have additional things to learn, but I would be surprised if we didn't further increase our marketing mix in that direction over time.
 And then, separately, I don't think this is what you were getting at, but separately, digital sort of e-commerce, we have no plans to pursue. We haven't changed our view. We have no plans to pursue e-commerce at this point. 
Oliver Chen: Okay. And are your inventories too lean because they're so tight? I'm just curious where you will reach a point where you can do more with more? 
Michael O'Sullivan: We -- obviously, we watch very closely our inventory turns in the stores. And given our ability to continue to drive comp with a 4% comp in this past quarter on top of 4% last year, we feel pretty good. I think we're capturing the business that's out there.
 Now, obviously there's always -- we always look at the mix of businesses and if some businesses are growing more rapidly, then we might be more aggressive on inventory, but that's really a business by business thing rather than overall. 
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Binetti from UBS. 
Michael Binetti: So just on your comments that the consumer is choosing value is the answer to the focus for third quarter and how we get to the comp with the difficult comparison, maybe you could help us with some of the dimensionality on a couple of things. First off, can I assume that the plan is to deliver value and that the comp assumes strong traffic and maybe some more AUR pressure than we saw last quarter? And then, maybe some help on how to think about gross margin versus SG&A. Are you willing to take some more merchandise margin pressure than we've seen in recent quarters to help you anniversary that big comp? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, Michael. On the comp, if we think about the components between first and second quarter and our current trends in the second quarter, the performance was fairly broad, broad-based across merchandise divisions and regions. So we feel confident that the consumer is responding to value and we feel good about our inventory entering the third quarter. 
Michael Binetti: And maybe I could ask you just a follow-up on Lorraine's question from earlier. A little bit more on the AUR. What is driving the AUR in your business today? Is it a mix function? And then, same question on what's -- you've had some nice comments on the units per transaction, too. What -- are there categories that are helping you guys drive the consumer to pick up a couple extra items and throw them in the basket? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I mean, on AUR, AUR has been relatively flat over the last several years. They're down slightly. Again, that's mix-related based on what's driving the business.
 I'd answer your question on the basket. If I go through the merchandising areas, all major merchandising areas were positive during the quarter as well as merchandise region. We did call out shoes during the quarter. Overall, non-apparel, during the second quarter, outperformed apparel. So feel really good about the trends and believe we're set up well for a strong back half. 
Barbara Rentler: Mike, I think the merchants have been able to deliver value to the customers. So in this promotional environment where value moves a lot, one of the critical things is for a merchant to understand the values as they move and to respond appropriately. And so with that comes potentially mix issues based off of what's available, based off what the customer wants, but really understanding that movement of value as you move along and not really recognizing how promotional it is and how it's going to remain that way, I think, is a critical part of what the merchants do every day and has added to our broad-based success in merchandise categories in Q2. 
Michael Binetti: I guess, my question was more, you've seen the bogeyman, the 7-comp coming for a long time. You knew about it a year ago. So is it -- look, the strategy here is we know value is working and the strategy for a long time has been to buy up per unit, so we'll see if the traffic component of the comp is what accelerates in the 2-year to help you guys lap that. Is that what we should expect it to be? 
Michael Hartshorn: Well, a couple of things, Michael. The -- our outlook for the back half has not changed from the beginning of the year. So again, why we feel really good, that's the way we plan the business. If you looked at our -- the way we guided the back half, it hasn't changed. The upside to the year was based on the outperformance in the second quarter. So the $0.06 that we added to the high end of the range for the year was all based on second quarter performance. 
Operator: Your next question is from Simeon Siegel from Nomura Instinet. 
Simeon Siegel: I think you spoke to the merch margins. Any color you could share on the 3 and 4Q gross margins embedded within your guides? And then, could you quantify the concentration of your top vendors within revenues at this time and has that changed at all? 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of specific guidance in Q3 and Q4, the only guidance that we gave was my comment on merch margins and the comparison versus last year. So we wouldn't give any further detail on that on back half margin. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then, on the vendor base, no, no real changes to that. As you know, we have a very large, diverse and fragmented vendor base with lots of vendors. And from time to time, our different vendors become more or less important, but no single vendor is particularly important in the overall mix. 
Operator: Your next question is from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I wanted to ask, the third quarter comp guidance of plus 1% to 2%, is it fair to assume or could we assume that the business is running in that range so far here in the third quarter?
 And then, secondarily, it looked like there were a number of going out of business sales during the second quarter, particularly among department stores. I know the environment is tough and seems to be just getting tougher every year, but Ross seemed to sail right on through that undisrupted. I just wanted to know if there was any disruption at all in stores that were near those store closings. Or did you really just not see it at all? Obviously, we're not seeing any impact in the total company comp, but you obviously have more granular insight. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, we wouldn't comment on third quarter trends.
 On the store closures, what we're seeing is stores that are located close to the stores during liquidation has a slight negative impact and then post-closure, a slight positive impact. That said, the impact to the chain is not material given -- on a base of close to 1,600 stores. 
Operator: Your next question is from Bob Drbul from Guggenheim. 
Robert Drbul: Two questions. I was wondering if you could comment on how your business performed in California. I think there was a bit of a drag in the first quarter, I think, largely weather. And I was also wondering if you might just comment on the women's business and how that's been performing for you. 
Michael Hartshorn: On regional performance, all of our major markets, California, Texas, Florida were relatively in line with the chain average in the second quarter. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the ladies' business, ladies', once again, posted a positive gain in the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question is from Dana Telsey from Telsey Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about wages and shrink, any update on those 2 components and game plan for the second half of the year? And then, on dd's and that strong performance on sales and operating income, what are the key drivers there? And has anything changed in that business? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Dana. On shrink and wage question, no changes are expected in shrink trends. We continue to operate at very low levels, record levels for us. And we typically take our physical inventory in the third quarter. So we'll have an update if any change to that trend in Q3.
 On wages, we do expect the wage pressure to abate somewhat in the second half as we're now anniversary-ing the most recent company-wide wage increases that took place in last year's second quarter. As a reminder, our guidance for SG&A, the leverage point remains at about 3% for us for the year. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And Dana, on your question about dd's, as Barbara mentioned in her remarks, we were pleased with dd's' strong performance in terms of sales and operating profit in the second quarter. dd's basically continued, as it has over the last several quarters, its good results.
 In terms of what's driving that, frankly, it's similar to many of the other things that we've talked about on this call so far. In particular, the dd's customer is responding well to the values that we're offering. 
Operator: Your next question is from Lindsay Drucker Mann from Goldman Sachs. 
Lindsay Mann: I was hoping -- could you tell us what proportion of your sales come from credit cards?
 And secondly, on the SG&A piece, well, the leverage point on a 4-comp, you leveraged operating margins pretty nicely. SG&A growth was slower than what we had seen in 1Q. And sorry if I missed this, but can you talk about the rate of SG&A increase in 2Q being lower versus 1Q and what we should be thinking about for the back half? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On your question on credit, it's about 1/3 of our business, Lindsay.
 And then, on the SG&A leverage, as we mentioned in the call, we had 25 basis points of leverage on a 4-comp. 20 of that 25 was related to a nonrecurring legal matter. So baseline, 5 basis points of leverage. As I mentioned on wages in the back half, we should expect less leverage. So at a 1- to 2-comp, there may be some deleverage, but at a 3, we should get leverage. 
Lindsay Mann: Okay. Got it. And then, can you comment on how your new stores are performing, new store productivity, the productivity of your new openings for Ross and dd's relative to what you've seen in last year or years past? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. So as we mentioned in the past, our new store productivity has come down since we entered the Midwest in 2011 and also our growth of the dd's chain has impacted overall productivity. I would say, though, in the last couple of years, it's been very steady at or above our expectations. Overall, Ross new store is about 60% to 65% of the chain average and then tends to comp faster in the first couple of years. 
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Tunick from RBC. 
Brian Tunick: I guess, 2 or 3 questions. Number one, I know you guys don't manage to a packaway number per se, but obviously there's been a lot of concern given what the vendors have been talking about. So just curious if you can maybe talk about the buying staff, what you've been doing there, maybe turnover in your top, I think Simeon asked, 10 vendors. But just curious more about how packaway could continue to run at these levels given what the vendors seem to be saying?
 Second question would be maybe from a store growth runway and the returns you're seeing on the new stores, at what point would you guys consider a new concept like Home, which seems to something people are moving into?
 And then, thirdly, on freight contracts, Mike, just curious, what's the length of the contracts? And how is your best viewpoint going into next year? 
Michael Hartshorn: I'll start on the last one because that's probably the easiest, Brian. On freight, we expect there to be a headwind for the rest of the year. Contracts vary. We have a pretty good viewpoint for the rest of the year and we expect it to continue to be a headwind. And then, going into the next year, we'll talk more about that on the year-end conference call. 
Michael O'Sullivan: I'll take the second question and maybe Barbara will take the first. So we'll work in reverse order.
 So on the store growth runway, the -- we've put out there a store potential number of 2,500 stores, and that's 2,000 Ross, 500 dd's. We're only at 1,600. So we've got many years to go before we hit that number.
 You've mentioned Home specifically and moving into, I guess, the separate Home concept. We're very excited about Home. Our Home business has been one of our strongest performing businesses for a number of years, but we feel very happy with our ability to really go after that within our existing concepts and really sort of continue to grow that business within Ross and dd's rather than through a separate concept. 
Barbara Rentler: And as it pertains to packaway, the packaway number fluctuates based on availability in the market and the way the merchants see it. And there have been -- there's been plenty of branded bargains in the marketplace. So there is availability. I know there isn't a lot of talk about different vendors having different strategies, but vendor strategies fluctuate over time and net-net is that there are a lot of goods in the marketplace and a lot of branded goods. And so we feel pretty good about the position that we're in and the content that we have. 
Operator: The next question is from Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: Just 2 quick follow-ups that -- if I missed them, I apologize, but I don't think you talked about this. How about trend through the quarter by month? Anything to call out there?
 And then, secondly, you said your buying costs were up. I'm just curious as to what happened there. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Michael. So trends were steady during the quarter. May was slightly stronger than June and July, but -- which were similar.
 In terms of buying costs, buying costs increased, as we mentioned, 15 basis points for the quarter, which mainly reflects higher incentive costs given our performance, but also ongoing investments that we continue to make in our most important asset, our buying organization. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
 I will turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-17 23:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2016 Form 10-K and fiscal 2017 Form 8-Ks on file with the SEC. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Balmuth, Executive Chairman; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
 We will begin our call today with a review of our first quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.  As mentioned in our press release, we achieved respectable growth in both sales and earnings during the first quarter, despite the uncertainty and volatility in the external environment. Earnings per share for the period were $0.82, up from $0.73 in the prior year. Net earnings were $321 million, up from $291 million last year. First quarter sales increased 7% to $3.3 billion with comparable store sales up 3%. 
 Sales gains at Ross were broad-based across most merchandise categories and geographic region. First quarter operating margin of 15.2% exceeded our expectations due to above planned sales and merchandise margins. As we ended the first quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 6% versus the prior year with average in-store inventory down slightly. Packaway as a percent of total inventories was 46%, similar to last year. Despite challenging multi-year comparison, dd's DISCOUNTS also saw continued solid growth in same-store sales and operating profits in the first quarter.  Our store expansion program remains on track with the addition of 23 new Ross and 5 dd's DISCOUNTS stores in the first quarter. We are planning a total of 90 new locations in 2017, comprised of approximately 70 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS.  As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores during the year. 
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our first quarter results and details on our second quarter guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Our 3% comparable store sales gain was driven by higher traffic as well as an increase in the size of the average basket. While first quarter operating margin of 15.2% decreased relative to last year's 15.4%, it exceeded our expectations. 
 Cost of goods sold was flat for the quarter. Merchandise margins improved by 15 basis points while distribution and occupancy costs declined by 15 and 5 basis points, respectively.  These improvements were offset by a 35 basis point increase in freight expenses.  Selling, general and administrative expenses during the period increased by 20 basis points mainly due to higher wages. Earnings per share for the quarter also benefited by $0.01 due to favorable expense timing that is expected to reverse in subsequent quarters.   During the first quarter, we repurchased 3.3 million shares for a total of $215 million. We remain on track to buy back as planned a total of $875 million in stock for the year under the new 2-year $1.75 billion program authorized by our Board of Directors in February of this year. 
 Let's turn now to our second quarter guidance. For the second quarter ending July 29, 2017, we are forecasting same-store sales to be up 1% to 2% on top of a 4% gain last year with earnings per share of $0.73 to $0.76 compared to $0.71 last year.  Our guidance for the second quarter is based on the following assumptions. Total sales are projected to increase 4% to 5%. We expect to open 28 new stores during the period, including 21 Ross and 7 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. Second quarter operating margin is projected to be 13.9% to 14.1%, down slightly from last year's 14.4%, reflecting our forecast for higher freight costs and wage costs. 
 In addition, net interest expense for the quarter is estimated to be about $3 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 37% to 38% and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about 387 million.  Based on our first quarter results and second quarter guidance, we now project earnings per share for the 53 weeks ending February 3, 2018, to be in the range of $3.07 to $3.17 compared to $2.83 last year. As a reminder, our forecasted EPS for 2017 includes an approximate benefit of $0.08 per share from the 53rd week. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. As I said earlier, we had a solid first quarter, despite the challenging external environment. Looking ahead, we have plenty of liquidity and are open-to-buy to take advantage of the terrific opportunities in the marketplace and offer shoppers the best bargains possible. That said, we also face our own increasingly difficult prior year comparisons, along with political macroeconomic and retail climate that are likely to remain uncertain. So while we hope to do better, we are maintaining a somewhat cautious outlook for the balance of the year.  Over the longer term, we are confident the off-price sector will remain a strong performing segment of retail as consumers continue to seek value. In addition, we believe our operating strategies and ongoing investments in people, processes and systems should enable us to drive respectable growth in both sales and earnings in 2017 and beyond.  
 At this point, we like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Lorraine Maikis: Last year, in the first quarter, you had some challenges with the women's apparel business. Can you talk a little bit about how that performed and perhaps your learnings from last year and how you've made changes? And then, lastly, what opportunities you see for the second quarter in that division? 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. Ladies' comparable sales for the first quarter were positive. We feel that the changes we made, we no longer have those lingering execution issues that we had last year on the challenges. We feel that those are behind us. We've made the appropriate changes. A lot of those issues were around seasonality in color and execution. So we feel that, that – that we made progress during '16, that we've made additional progress in Q1 and that we're going to continue to move forward. And there are opportunities as we improve our assortments in the second quarter. 
Operator: The next question is from Oliver Chen from Cowen. 
Oliver Chen: The in-store inventories are really attractively down. It really seems like there could be opportunities for you to explore optimization space within your stores, whether that be new categories or continuing to enhance the cash [ drop ]. Could you speak to some guardrails or framework you're thinking about as you embark on just making sure you maximize the real estate space that you have? Or what you'll think about square footage to maximize ROIC given that there could be some opportunities there? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. Oliver, it's Michael O'Sullivan. It's a good question because, as you know, over the last several years, we've reduced average inventory in store by about 40%. So this is a question we've actually been working on for some time. And we've been using the extra space that we've created, if you like, in stores to really look at 3 things. One is make the stores easier to shop just by organizing the store in an easier to shop way; secondly, expanding into faster growing or new categories; and then thirdly, when it comes to new stores, be more flexible in terms of the store size, the new store openings. So I would say we're actually pursuing a mix of all 3 in terms of, as you say, optimizing how we're using the space. 
Operator: Your next question is from Marni Shapiro from Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: As you guys are looking out, you're one of the few opening stores still and there are a lot of people who are closing stores. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing on the rent? And I guess, even the relief side beyond 2017 and I suppose even part of 2018 for your stores. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure, Marni. We're very happy with the availability of the real estate locations that we're seeing. And as you'll appreciate, typically, the real estate locations we're seeing now really feed the pipeline for the next 2, 3 years. So we're pretty happy with that outlook. There aren't -- as you say, there aren't many retailers out there who are opening 18 to 19 new stores a year. So therefore, landlords are pretty happy to see us. We have a great real estate team, a great network and they've done a nice job finding new locations. In terms of rent and occupancy costs, we're certainly taking opportunities where they exist to negotiate and renegotiate those. But I would say that for the most part, rents and occupancy are fairly stable at this point. 
Operator: The next question is from Lindsay Drucker Mann from Goldman Sachs. 
Lindsay Mann: Coming off of the first quarter was especially challenging for a number of large retailers, department stores, specifically with that negative traffic and tough comps. Barbara, can you talk about how that affects your business, what you're seeing in the marketplace or in your business that might be a spillover related to the broader macro? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. What we're seeing in the marketplace is there's a lot of availability. It's pretty broad based and as you know, availability is often the result of department stores not making their plan and their forecast, so that's the one thing we would see in the immediate. In the future, obviously, it gives us an opportunity, I guess, the department store business is challenging to gain more market share. 
Lindsay Mann: Okay. And if I could follow up, I think as we started -- as we exited 4Q and you were looking at 1Q, you had a cautious tone given what seem to be a slower start to the quarter. Could you talk a bit about how the quarter played out and ultimately, allowed you to beat your initial targets? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Lindsay. In terms of trends during the quarter, certainly, like you saw and I think across the retail landscape, sale strengthened as we move through the quarter. 
Operator: The next question is from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I was wondering, looking back to February, did you have any sort of impact on your business from the delay in tax refunds? And I wasn't sure if you might have had an opportunity to quantify that or not. And then Barbara, on -- you talked about sales gains were relatively broad based across most merchandise categories and regions here in the first quarter. Were there areas where you saw some, let's say, improving momentum in your business where you see opportunity to really maximize in any of those categories as we go through the rest of the year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Kimberly. It's Michael Hartshorn. The delay in tax refunds, it certainly wasn't a positive for the quarter. The volatility made it a little bit more challenging to plan and operate the business. It's hard to say though if there was a negative impact to the overall quarter from the refunds. I'll give you some stats on -- also on regional performance. For us, Southeast Florida and the Midwest were the top-performing regions. The Midwest continues to be very strong region for us, it's been a top-performing region for over 3 years. I call on other major markets. California was slightly below the chain average given the unfavorable weather with the storms during the quarter. Texas performed in line with the chain, and that's an improvement from the second half of 2016 when it was below the chain average. 
Barbara Rentler: And then, Kimberly, in terms of areas that are improving the momentum, sales really were pretty broad based throughout the company. Ladies continues to make progress. The Ladies business is always a challenging business since there's really no major sales trend, fashion trends out there unless you really have weather to drive it, particularly in Q1, Ladies continues to be a challenge. But we do feel like we are improving on our execution. And so if we continue to do what we need to do, our expectation is that it would improve as we get into second quarter. But again, there is -- one of the real problems in Ladies is there is no real overriding fashion trend to drive it. 
Operator: The next question is from Bob Drbul from Guggenheim. 
Robert Drbul: I was just wondering, there's a lot of discussion around certain vendors that are trying to pull back from the off-price channel. And are you seeing any of that in your discussions? And can you maybe just talk to any other new brand opportunities that you're seeing or categories that are becoming more available to you? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Yes, I know there's been a lot of discussion about vendors wanting to pull back. Well, we haven't really seen that. We continue to see plenty of branded bargains in the marketplace. And quite frankly, vendors have strategies that have fluctuated over time. And we do business with over 8,000 vendors, so we've been able to successfully navigate over the years through all of these changes. In terms of new brands, we really wouldn't talk about brands -- specific brands on the call, and same thing pretty much for new categories where we're testing. 
Operator: The next question is from Paul Lejuez from Citigroup. 
Paul Lejuez: Can you talk about how wages impacted your earnings growth this quarter versus what you expect over the next several quarters and even looking out beyond '17? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Paul. We expect wages to abate in the second half of the year as we anniversary the most recent wage increases that took place in last year's second quarter for us. So our guidance though still for the year assumes an SG&A leverage point at about 30%, which is in line with historical averages. 
Paul Lejuez: Got you. And then I think -- sorry? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Well, I was just going to add, further out, I think you had asked beyond 2017, it's hard for us to be precise beyond the current year. But we've taken the view that wage pressure is probably going to be a reality for the next several years. Certainly, in some of the major states that we're in, there's legislation that's already been passed that pushes up the minimum wage over the next several years. So we're expecting continued wage pressure, but it's hard to be precise about that. 
Paul Lejuez: Got you. And I think you guys were looking for flattish merch margin for the year. Has the first quarter experience or buying environment changed that view at all? Just curious what your outlook is on merch margin specifically. 
Michael Hartshorn: No. We haven't changed our outlook, Paul, even though we exceeded merch margins by 15 basis points during the quarter. Though that was primarily driven by above plan sales, which allowed us to leverage markdowns and drive the business with closeouts. Just after 1 quarter, we wouldn't change our outlook for the year. 
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So I guess, just to piggyback on that. As we think about the gross margin line longer term, you've taken the inventory down 40% as you outlined. Do you see further opportunity on the inventory front? And is it best to think about, at this level of comp, flattish gross margins as a whole? And then just one micro on the freight. What is the headwind? What's the magnitude in the second quarter, because I know you outlined that? 
Michael Hartshorn: So we didn't say specifically on the basis point impact, though.  We -- beginning in Q4, we did -- have seen a tightening of carrier rates as well as fuel costs that are up against some very low levels last year. Right now, we expect freight costs to be a headwind for the remainder of the year and that's reflected in our guidance. 
Michael O'Sullivan: In terms of your question about the outlook for gross margin, there were really 3 things that have helped us drive our gross margin improvement over the past several years. The inventory reductions we've taken have obviously helped us to drive down markdowns, that's been important component. Improvements in our shortage control, the investments we've made there, again, have helped to drive our gross margin. And then the third component has been ahead of plan sales, driving, obviously, ahead of plan terms. As we look forward, of those 3, I think there's limited opportunity left in the first 2, the inventory reduction and the shortage control. We'll continue to manage those tightly. But I think, realistically, there's a limit to what more we can do. So most of the growth on gross margin going forward is going to have to come from the sales line in terms of ahead of plan sales. 
Operator: The next question is from Adrienne Yih from Wolfe Research. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: My question is on the home category. I was wondering -- there's, obviously, some of your competitors are expanding into that category more aggressively and actually launching a secondary concept here in the United States. So I was wondering what your plans are with your home sales? You obviously have a better quarter of your sales coming from there, if you can help us with the strategy there. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Home is actually been one of our strongest categories over the last couple of years and we believe that there is further opportunity to grow the business. But for competitive reasons, we wouldn't disclose a specific target. 
Operator: The next question is from David Mann from Johnson Rice. 
David Mann: Question about your distribution centers. You made a lot of investment, I guess, in the last couple of years, you're starting to see some benefit. Where are you in terms of the opportunity to leverage those investments and improve productivity? How much longer do you think you can get gains there? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, David. So in the first quarter, DCs levered by about 15 basis points, and that was all due to both efficiencies in the DCs and also fixed cost leverage. So we would, certainly, over the next couple of years expect to see -- have some ability to lever the fixed cost there as we don't expect additional significant investments in the next couple years. 
Operator: The next question is from Laura Champine from Roe Equity Research. 
Laura Champine: In California where you got your highest density of stores, do you think that market is maturing? And along those lines, as we look at next year's store openings, will those be more focused in the Midwest or other lesser penetrated markets? 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of California, we continue to see comps there, certainly, over the last couple years. I mean, we've obviously been in the market for 30 years and we continue to comp. So we continue to believe we have opportunity to comp stores there. 
Michael O'Sullivan: In terms of the breakdown of our new store openings, I don't think that's going to change materially. I mean, from year-to-year, you could see a small adjustment, but I don't expect to see a material change. So the way to think about it, is about 1/3 of our new stores, more or less, are in the Midwest, about 1/3 are in sort of existing, if you like, Ross markets outside the Midwest and then the remainder are dd's new openings. 
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Tunick from RBC. 
Brian Tunick: Was curious regarding your stores located near the liquidation areas of Macy's or Sears and Kmart. Just any comments regarding how your stores performed in those areas? And have you thought about doing any kind of proactive marketing events with what JCPenney will be doing coming up in the second quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Brian. The closures were fairly recent and late in the quarter, so the impact would have been barely minor to the quarter. Over the long term though, fewer stores, fewer competitors certainly create more market share opportunities for us, which should be a positive factor for the business. 
Operator: The next question is from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Michael, just to close the loop on gross margin, I mean, the compares get a little bit more difficult as the year progresses. How should we -- is there anything we should keep in mind in our models on the gross margin line? Do you expect flat to up, remainder of the year? And is there something embedded in your fiscal year guide just on the gross margin line? Just help us out. 
Michael Hartshorn: No. I wouldn't change anything that we said in our initial call, Ike, earlier in the year that we expect going into the year that we expected merchandise margins to be relatively flat and to call out, at this point, that we think freight will be a headwind to the remainder of the year. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: I want to ask about online competition. And I think it's clear that you guys have taken share from department stores and online. May not be impacting you as you continue to comp. But I guess, how do you -- how can you tell or how do you know that your customers wouldn't buy from you online? What have you done to ask your customers because perhaps you are losing some share or losing some sales on the table without the online. But I know, economically, it doesn't work right for you but are your customers demanding it at all? 
Michael O'Sullivan: We haven't had any -- we certainly haven't had any communication from customers that they're demanding e-commerce from Ross. I think that's mainly because of the type of business we run. I mean, it's important to keep in mind we're a moderate off-price retailer, a low averaging of retail around about $10. So as you mentioned, Mike, the economics really don't work. We offer a very broad assortment which, again, is hard to replicate online. And a treasure hunt environment, which, again, is very difficult to replicate outside of the bricks-and-mortar format. So overall, we feel like it's very difficult for an online retailer, even if that retailer was us to sort of compete with what we offer in our stores. That's not to say that it's not important for us to monitor what's going on online and to monitor online competitors. We do that all the time. 
Michael Baker: Well, and I appreciate that. If I could just follow up, you said you haven't hadn't had communication with your customers. But dare I ask, have you asked them? In what way would you ask your customers, if we did have an online site, is that something that would be attractive to you? 
Michael O'Sullivan: I think it's hard to know how you would actually get at that question other than looking at our business. And if we saw our business start to fall off, and we diagnosed that and found the customers were buying online rather than coming into our stores, buying online from other people rather than coming to our stores, I think that would be a clear indicator for us. Clearly, based upon the strength of our business, we're not seeing that trend. 
Operator: Your next question is from Simeon Siegel from Nomura Instinet. 
Simeon Siegel: Has the concentration of your top vendors changed at all over the past year or so?  Do you expect any shift in their percentage composition going forward? And then just to your point about the macro challenges and the tougher compares, any color on what you'd expect the comp cadence to look like in the back half? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, on the comps front, on the concentration of top vendors, I would say probably similar year-over-year without having that exact number in front of me. The supply lines have been pretty broad based with all our vendors, so I would think that there aren't any real challenges there. Could you just repeat the second part of the question on those macroeconomic piece -- macro? 
Simeon Siegel: Yes. Just think what you expect the comp cadence to look like in the back half. I think at the end of your prepared remarks, I think you mentioned the tougher comparison and just macro environment for the rest of the year. 
Michael Hartshorn: So no, we'll give -- we'll update the back half comp when we give our release in August. I'd just point you to, when we started the year, we expected 1 to 2 so you can be pretty similar across the rest of the year. 
Operator: And the next question is from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you're thinking about inventory, how do you think about the composition of packaways going forward and what your outlook is for it? And then when you think about real estate cost and new store openings, given the current real estate environment, is rental cost or lease expense at all more flexible today than it was in the past? 
Barbara Rentler: I'll talk about packaway first. So in terms of packaway going forward, packaway are opportunistic purchases, so it's kind of hard to predict where the packaway will come from or what the composition will be. What I would say is that the criteria for putting goods into packaway, the values that we want to put out later on in the year after we sell the goods is really the main criteria. So it's kind of really hard to predict the classification or the amount quite, frankly, it fluctuates. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then on the second question, Dana, on real estate. I would say, the truth is that store closures in the strip mall environment have been a feature for several years now, whether it's office supply retailers or sporting goods retailers or electronics retailers going out of businesses. So I would say that it's really more of the same right now. I would say that rental costs and occupancy costs have stabilized. But I think a lot of the impact that you've seen from store closures has actually happened over the last few years. 
Barbara Rentler: And just to add one thing about packaway. We feel very good about the content of our current packaway that we own today. 
Dana Telsey: And as you think about diversification of the merchandise mix, over the next few years, what do you -- how do you see the mix diversifying? 
Barbara Rentler: Between the different types of products you mean, between Home, [indiscernible]? 
Dana Telsey: Yes, exactly. Yes, yes. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, we feel good about Home. We feel that we have growth at Home, but past that I wouldn't talk about that on the call. What I would say is that we think there's opportunities broad based throughout the entire box. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-27 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2015 Form 10-K and fiscal 2016 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on file with the SEC. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Balmuth, Executive Chairman; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
 We'll begin our call today with a review of our fourth quarter and 2016 performance, followed by our outlook for 2017. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As noted in today's press release, we are very pleased with our better-than-expected sales and earnings results for both the fourth quarter and fiscal year, especially given our strong multiyear comparison and the highly competitive and promotional holiday season. Our results continue to benefit from our ability to offer customers great values on a wide assortment of gifts and fashions for the family and the home.
 Earnings per share for the fourth quarter grew 17% to $0.77 on net earnings that rose 14% to $301 million. Sales for the quarter increased 8% to $3.5 billion, with comparable store sales up 4% on top of last year's 4% gain.
 For the 2016 fiscal year, earnings per share grew 13% to $2.83, while net earnings rose 10% to $1.1 billion. Sales grew 8% to $12.9 billion, with comparable sales up 4% on top of a 4% gain in 2015.
 dd's DISCOUNTS customers also responded positively to its merchandise assortment, which led to solid growth in sales and operating profit at dd's for both the quarter and fiscal 2016. 
 For the fourth quarter, Shoes and Men's were the best-performing merchandise categories at Ross, while the Midwest and Southeast were the strongest regions. Our fourth quarter operating margin of 13.6% was up 90 basis points from last year. This improvement was mainly driven by our above-plan sales, along with a favorable comparison of packaway-related costs versus last year's fourth quarter.
 For the full year, operating margin increased 40 basis points to a new record of 14%. As we ended 2016, total consolidated inventories were up 7% over the prior year, with packaway levels at 49% of total inventories compared to 47% last year. Average in-store inventories were up slightly at year-end.
 As noted in today's press release, our board authorized a new program to repurchase $1.75 billion of our common stock over the next 2 fiscal years. This represents a 25% increase over the prior 2-year $1.4 billion authorization that was completed at the end of the fourth quarter. The board also approved an increase in the quarterly cash dividend to $0.16 per share, up 19% on top of a 15% increase in the prior year.
 The continued growth of our shareholder payouts reflects our ongoing confidence in the company's ability to generate significant amounts of cash after funding our growth and the other capital needs of our business. We have repurchased stock as planned every year since 1993 and raised our cash dividend annually since its inception in 1994. This consistent record also reflects our unwavering commitment to enhancing stockholder value and returns. 
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our 2016 results and details on our fiscal 2017 full year and first quarter guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Let's start with our fourth quarter results. Our 4% comparable store sales gain was driven by a combination of higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket. As Barbara mentioned, fourth quarter operating margin increased 90 basis points to 13.6%. Cost of goods sold improved by 110 basis points in the quarter, driven primarily by 65 basis points of lower distribution expenses, mainly from the timing of packaway-related costs that negatively impacted last year's fourth quarter. Merchandise margin improved by 15 basis points, while buying and occupancy costs were lower by 40 and 5 basis points, respectively. These improvements were partially offset by a 15 basis point increase in freight costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses during the period increased approximately 20 basis points due mainly to higher wages.
 Turning to our stock buyback program. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 2.6 million shares for a total purchase price of $170 million, which completed our previous 2-year $1.4 billion stock repurchase program. For the year, we repurchased a total of 11.6 million shares for an aggregate price of $700 million.
 Let's turn now to our guidance for 2017. Earnings per share for fiscal 2017 are forecast to be $3.02 to $3.15, up 7% to 11% from $2.83 in fiscal 2016. Incorporated in this guidance range is an estimated benefit to earnings per share of approximately $0.08 from the 53rd week in 2017 and $0.03 in lower tax rate related to our adoption of the new share-based payment accounting standard. 
 The operating statement assumptions for fiscal 2017 include the following. Total sales for the 53 weeks ending February 3, 2018 are forecast to grow 6% to 7%. Comparable store sales, on a 52-week basis ending January 27, 2018, are expected to increase 1% to 2% on top of a 4% gain in 2016. We plan to add about 70 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores. If same-store sales are in line with our guidance of up 1% to 2%, then we would project operating margin for 2017 to be in the range of 13.9% to 14.1%. This EBIT margin range assumes merchandise margin for 2017 will be relatively flat on top of strong growth over the past several years. Also incorporated in this operating margin guidance is an estimated benefit of about 15 basis points from the 53rd week. 
 Net interest expense is estimated to be $13 million. Our tax rate is projected to be approximately 37% to 38%. We expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 386 million. Capital expenditures in 2017 are projected to be approximately $400 million. And depreciation and amortization expense, inclusive of stock-based amortization, is forecast to be about $400 million, up from $377 million in 2016.
 Let's move now to our first quarter guidance. For the 13 weeks ending April 29, 2017, we are projecting same-store sales to be up 1% to 2%. Earnings per share for the period are forecast to be $0.76 to $0.79. Included in this guidance is an estimated $0.02 benefit from a lower tax rate related to the aforementioned adoption of the new share-based payment accounting standard.
 Other assumptions that support our first quarter guidance include the following. Total sales are projected to increase 4% to 5%. We expect to open 23 new Ross and 5 dd's DISCOUNTS locations during the quarter. First quarter operating margin is projected to be 14.7% to 14.9% compared to last year's 15.4%. The forecasted decline in EBIT is mainly due to higher wage and freight costs. In addition, net interest expense for the quarter is estimated to be about $3.5 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 36% to 37%, resulting from the previously mentioned accounting change. And finally, weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be around 390 million.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. Again, we are very pleased with our better-than-expected financial performance for both the fourth quarter and fiscal year. As previously mentioned, this is notable considering our own robust sales and earnings growth over the past several years and the ongoing competitive retail climate. As we look ahead to 2017, there continues to be a great deal of uncertainty in the political, macroeconomic and retail climates. In addition, we face tough prior year sales and earnings comparisons. As a result, while we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to remain somewhat cautious in planning our business for the coming year.
 Nevertheless, we are confident that the off-price sector will remain a strong-performing segment of retail, especially given consumers' continued focus on value. This, combined with our proven ability to deliver exceptional values our customers have come to expect, makes us optimistic about our prospects for future growth. As a result, over the longer term, we continue to believe we can achieve average annual earnings per share gain in the low double-digit percentage range. 
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I'm wondering -- Michael, I think you mentioned that inventory at the end of the fourth quarter in-store is up slightly. That seems to be -- I think over the last several quarters and the last several years, it was down slightly. It seems like maybe you're getting to the point where inventory is turning about as fast as it can turn in-store, and so now you're maybe looking a little bit more at sort of stable inventory to up slightly. Is it a change in strategy? Or was there something going on with the timing? And then if you, might comment, you obviously can choose not to, but if you saw any sort of softness in -- I think there was a delay in tax return payments. It seems to be affecting some retailers in, let's say, the second and third week of February. Do you see any kind of mid-month softness? And if so, have you seen a re-acceleration since then? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Kimberly. On inventory, I think at the end of the year, it's timing. As you know, we've reduced inventory by over 40% over the last number of years. I think our perspective is, at this point, that we'd expect stable inventories going forward. There's not additional room for improvement in that strategy or process. So I think as we look forward to 2017, we'd expect our in-store inventory levels to be relatively flat year-over-year. In terms of tax refunds, it's been our practice not to comment on intra-quarter trends. 
Operator: The next question is from Omar Saad from Evercore ISI. 
Omar Saad: I wanted to see if I could get you to give a little bit more color on the comment you made around merchandise margins. It sounded like you think they're going to flatten out a little bit this year after some nice expansion over the recent years. Is there something going on in the mix dynamic there? It sounds like basket is still rising, but I'm not sure about unit prices. But I would love kind of any detail of how you're thinking about the evolution of the merchant margin component of gross margin. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Omar. As we -- we said in our comments the planning assumption going into the year, that they'd be relatively flat. And that's very simply based on anniversary-ing many years of strong merchandise margin gains as well as what we believe to be an ongoing challenging and promotional retail environment. 
Omar Saad: Okay, great. And then can I ask about the home category? You're seeing a lot of retailers really go after this category. It's a big and important category for you guys, too, of course. I mean, are you seeing any changes in the dynamics around that part of the business? Or do you still feel that's a key component of another growth strategy going forward? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. I think home is definitely a very important category for us and has been an important category in all of this year. But what I would also add to that -- and we feel good about home. But what I would also add to that is we believe that we have growth opportunities beyond home throughout the rest of our business. 
Operator: The next question is from Laura Champine from Roe Equity Research. 
Laura Champine: There's obviously a lot of speculation about a potential tax or tariff on imports. What's your thinking on that? And what would your strategy be if something like that were to be rolled out? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Laura. Obviously, for us, direct imports comprise a very small portion of our overall business. I'd say it's still too early to speculate on what specific tax policies will actually get enacted, but we'll continue to watch it closely. For us, volatility has historically been a good thing for us. 
Operator: The next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: You called out a couple of pressures for first quarter margins, freight and wages. Can you expand on that and just talk a little bit about how you see that playing out through the year, what the drivers are and how big of an impact it'll have on earnings? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. So we said in the commentary that EBIT is planned down 50 to 70 basis points. For us, if sales perform in line with the 1% to 2% comp, we would lose some leverage on fixed costs. In addition, we expect wages to be a greater headwind in the first half of the year than the back half as we raised wages in the middle of 2016. And then further, we expect freight costs to be a headwind in 2017, as we've seen higher carrier rates. In terms of the full year guidance, stripping out the 53rd week and the impact of the accounting change, we're guiding up 3% to 7% on a 1% to 2% comp. That's very consistent how we've guided the previous years. That, with the 53rd week included, shows EBIT margin relatively flat, and then without the 53rd week, it's down slightly. 
Operator: The next question is from Michael Binetti from UBS. 
Michael Binetti: Can we talk a little bit about how you're thinking about the year and maybe even -- maybe just in the front half as far as near-term planning? We've got the department stores who seem to be focused on lowering markdown levels in their stores and are certainly buying inventories lighter. We did hear from a big competitor, Target, today talking about getting much more aggressive on pricing, I think, including categories where you guys would overlap. So how do you think about your competitive positioning here? And how are you thinking about relative pricing spread strategy in the near term given some diverging strategies in the marketplace right now? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. I think the way we think about pricing is the way we always think about pricing. I mean, we go out and we look in the competitive market, and we see what's out there. And we're in the value business, so our job is to make sure that the merchants are out there, understanding the pricing and then buying so that we keep that value differential. So that is part of their ongoing job, the way they do it in the fourth quarter. We've been in this promotional -- highly promotional environment for an extended period of time, so Target is kind of an addition into the picture. But that is what we do every day for a living. And so going in with a conservative sales plan gives us the ability to chase back. And when we're chasing back, we're chasing back at values that we know are competitive to the outside world. 
Michael Binetti: Right. And I think one thing that's been a little bit more noticeable, I guess, from the public companies that are brands that sell into the department stores, there seems to be a fairly urgent focus on getting inventories down and getting in front of a couple years of -- quite a bit of excess. If we see that those brands do what they're planning and start reducing the inventories that they bring into the country, how do you think about -- obviously, in the near term, you'll always say there's good supply in the channel. But is there anything you should be thinking about longer term if the inventory availability were to tighten up on a strategic basis more medium or longer term from those retailers? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Let me -- so first, on the short term, in terms of as people tighten up on their supply, whether it's the vendors or in department stores, supply comes from struggle with full-line retailers forecasting their sales. So in the shorter term, that's where a lot of goods come from store closures, Penney's closed stores, [indiscernible] closed stores. So in the short term, that's where the supply comes from. In the longer term, as we think about supply, we speculate about everything that could happen with a lot of changes that are going on out there. We're always studying the retail landscape and how that might change, and we're looking at that constantly. We don't see near-term supply issues in the next 2 to 3 years. So that's kind of how we're looking at supply at this moment in time. And over time, we may need to be more creative in terms of supply, but that's how we look at it today. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And over the longer term, one of the things you've heard us talk about in the past is investing in our merchant organization. That's something we plan to continue to do. And we regard that as, frankly, the best defense, the best strategic asset for long-term success in the off-price sector. 
Operator: That next question is from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: On the SG&A front, is expense leverage possible this year at 3% same-store sales? Or do we need to think about that higher fixed cost hurdle this year just given the wages? Just any other investments to consider or headwinds in the SG&A line. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Matthew. So for SG&A, in 2016, the costs were up about 15 basis points. Obviously, that was slightly above our 3% leverage point. That said, we were obviously pleased with our overall operating margin expansion. Our guidance for 2017 projects SG&A leverage at about the 3% leverage point, which is consistent with our historical levels. 
Operator: The next question is from Simeon Siegel from Nomura/Instinet. 
Simeon Siegel: Do you know and could you share roughly what percent of your traffic increase is coming from new customers versus repeat visits? And maybe what's your average -- your shoppers' average trips per year? How does that look now versus the past several years? 
Michael O'Sullivan: It's hard to break that out, Simeon. We do regular customer research, where we try and identify existing customers versus new customers. But it gets pretty murky in terms of if someone had shopped off-price a couple of years ago, do they still count as an existing customer or are they a new customer? The one thing that we take from the research is that what the new customers and the existing customers are both looking for is the same set of things. It's the same set of, well, basically great values. But in terms of splitting them out like that, it's a little more difficult to answer that question. 
Simeon Siegel: Okay, great. And then just -- you ended the year with just meaningfully higher cash, recognizing the authorization of quarterly dividend. Any other uses of cash we should consider? Or just -- or do we assume the growing cash continues to flow to the dividends and repurchases? And do you guys have a target payout ratio you could share? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I mean, I would answer it generally to say we have a long history of delivering excess cash to shareholders, and we've done that in a planned and deliberate fashion. So anytime we look at the deployment of cash, we're looking at it over kind of a longer period. But that process is, at the same time, of maintaining a very strong balance sheet. So I would not expect that to change going forward. And the significant increases in our dividend and share buyback programs announced today reflect that commitment. 
Operator: The next question is from Brian Tunick from RBC. 
Brian Tunick: I guess 2 questions. Curious, I guess, Barbara, on the merchandise categories. I know, certainly, here in Q1 from last year, there was some noise around some of the missy and sportswear products. Can you maybe talk about -- do you think there's a great opportunity here in the first quarter to course-correct some of the issues last year, even though we have a later Easter? And then second question. On store plans for 2017, can you maybe discuss are you guys planning to enter new markets, both for Ross and dd's, and how we should be thinking about the rollout from a geographic perspective? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. I'll take the first part, ladies sportswear. We feel like in 2016, we made progress in improving our assortments, and we believe that we've made the right adjustments for our ladies merchandising strategy. And that will take us to leading to further improvement in 2017. 
Michael O'Sullivan: On the store plans, Brian, our store plans for new stores this year are very much in line with the last few years, 18 to 19 new stores a year in terms of new market. So as we categorize it, the Midwest, for some years now, has been our major new market and major new region. That continues to be how we think about new markets. There's no additional new markets outside of the Midwest that we're planning to move into this year. 
Brian Tunick: And same for dd's? 
Michael O'Sullivan: That's right. 
Operator: The next question is from Paul Lejuez from Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: We saw a bunch of Macy's stores close about a year ago, 40 stores. Just curious if you've tracked how your stores in those markets have performed. Separately, if you could just talk about what were your weaker regions and categories in the fourth quarter. 
Michael Hartshorn: I'll start with the regional performance, Paul. As we mentioned, the Midwest and the Southeast were strongest. The Midwest, obviously, has been a very strong region for us, as the best-performing category over the last 3 years or so. Southeast likely benefited from favorable weather. I'd call out other major markets. California was in line. Texas performed below the chain average in Q4. For us, beyond the possible impact of the oil industry, we believe there were other factors that impacted the region, including the stronger dollar as well as negative weather during the quarter. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And Paul, on your question about store closures, it's difficult to respond to, specifically, the Macy's example that you gave, specifically how that affected our stores. There's just too much noise to pick out the impact of those individual store closures. What I would say, though, is in general, with store closures -- competitor store closures, there's a short-term effect, which is as that competitor store is doing a going-out-of-business sale, that can impact our business negatively for the weeks that that's happening. But then obviously, once that store is closed, there's one less competitor in the market, so in general, it tends to be a good thing for us in the medium to long term. 
Operator: The next question is from Oliver Chen from Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: Regarding these new stores, are there any thoughts on how the store, the future looks versus your existing store base? And also, as you just continue to have a great store base, what are your thoughts for remodels or how you continue to add at your existing stores? And any in-store initiatives, whether that be the cash wrap, the dressing room or managing shrink to your liking, in terms of what we should think about for next year? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Oliver, in terms of how we think about our stores, we think of our stores very much in terms of a sort of evolution rather than a revolution. We look at different parts of the store, and we look at opportunities, particularly in areas that are growing or categories that are growing very rapidly, to maybe give them more room within the store, maybe give them new indiscernible], that kind of thing. We also look at opportunities to update other aspects of the store, whether it's the front end or signage. But we do those on a sort of evolutionary basis, so it's not something that really happens overnight. There are individual initiatives, obviously, that roll out from year to year but nothing dramatic that I would call your attention to at this point. 
Oliver Chen: Okay. And on the Accessories front here, have you been pleased with the execution? And are there opportunities? Or where do you think that category is heading with respect to what your buyers are seeing versus consumer demand? 
Barbara Rentler: Our accessory business continues to be difficult. It trails the chain in the fourth quarter. In terms of what we see in the outside world, accessories is really driven by handbags, and handbags tends to be a weaker business in the outside world. 
Operator: The next question is from Adrienne Yih from Wolfe Research. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: My question is on packaway. I was wondering if you had any notable advantage from buying opportunistically last year, either in margin or in helping comp? And then what is your open-to-buy -- in-season open-to-buy for the spring season? 
Michael Hartshorn: In general, in packaway, we see it as a sales driver, not a margin driver. So that's what I think about it. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of spring, we're well positioned to take advantage of packaway opportunities. 
Operator: The next question is from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Just to piggyback on Tunick's question that he asked, can you maybe update us on how the merchants are buying within the ladies apparel category right now? I think I remember you had talked about merchants taking a more conservative buying approach after the spring execution issues last year. So just trying to figure out, are we back to normal at this point within that category or still not quite yet? 
Barbara Rentler: In terms of our buying approach, I guess I would say back to normal, whatever you're defining back to normal as. The merchants are out there shopping the market and buying it the way they see it. So I guess if that's how you're defining back to normal, that would be true. 
Operator: The next question is from Roxanne Meyer from MKM Partners. 
Roxanne Meyer: My question is on CapEx this year. I'm just wondering, your guide from new stores and relocations, if there are any major projects that are being earmarked. And then in terms of the comp, the average transaction size being up, if you could break it down between AUR and units. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Roxanne. On CapEx, so we're guiding at about $400 million. That's higher than 2016, which was the lowest level since 2011. So that was lower than normal. In terms of the breakout of the $400 million, about 30% is new stores; 30% is for store refreshes and maintenance capital; 15% for supply chain investments; and 25% for, call it, technology and other G&A capital. In terms of the components of sales, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, the 4% comp was driven by higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket. The higher basket was driven by higher units per transaction, with AUR down slightly compared to last year. 
Operator: The next question is from Bob Drbul from Guggenheim Securities. 
Robert Drbul: I was just wondering if you could expand on the success you've seen in the most recent quarter in the footwear business. And with some of the store closures of competitors out there, are you seeing more willingness for brands that haven't sold you significantly in the past to be a little bit more open with availability for you? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. As it pertains to the footwear business, similar to our last 2 prior quarters, our shoe performance was very broad-based. In terms of the marketplace and competitors being open to selling us, I think we've shown over the years that we have really good vendor relationship. And I would say that most brands are open to doing business with us. Yes, they're open to doing business with us. 
Operator: The next question is from Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: I was going to ask you about the buying environment, and a number of relatively high-profile vendors have sort of said they're not as open to selling to off-price as much as they were in the past. Now I don't need to go down the list, but I'm sure you guys have heard the public comments from some big public vendors. So how does that impact you? I mean, have you, frankly, seen some of these vendors pull back already to selling to you guys? And does that change the way you think about going to market in the future? 
Barbara Rentler: It's actually been a very positive buying environment. With the difficult fourth quarter, obviously, there's supply in the marketplace. So I would say that overall, high-profile or broad-based all the way through moderate vendors, there's still been a willingness for people to sell us merchandise. 
Michael Baker: Is there a concern that, as you go through the year, that slows down when you have all these vendors saying publicly that they just don't want to sell as much to off-price? 
Barbara Rentler: I think -- I'm sorry, go ahead, Michael. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, that's always a concern. We're always concerned about supply. But one point Barbara had made a little bit -- a little while ago is that what really drives supply is other retailers and their inability to forecast their own sales. And if they're not able to forecast their own sales, that tends to mean there's greater supply availability. 
Michael Baker: Yes, okay. Understood. If I could ask one more follow-up. Easter is 3 weeks later this year. Historically, that tended to help you guys as people have a longer season in which to buy Easter-related products. 
Michael Hartshorn: Mike, I think historically, weather has had a more meaningful impact on performance during the first quarter than the timing of Easter, which is what we've seen in the past. 
Operator: The next question is from Marni Shapiro from Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: I'm curious. I know online is not a conversation for you as far as sales, but you do have sign-ups online and customers that are coming into stores. I'm curious, are you seeing a growing file of people signing up online or even in stores? And what are you doing with these lists? And are you considering any kind of consumer outreach or anything like that beyond just emails? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Marni, we do have a database of customer emails. We do use that for some of our marketing activities. But more broadly, beyond that, we also, over the last few years, have been experimenting with other forms of sort of online marketing, whether it's direct online advertising or social media marketing. So that's how we think about it. There has been -- we've been investing more in those media channels over the last few years, and that's driven a lot of the growth and a lot of the customer sign-up. But it's really a marketing activity rather than a sort of, in any way -- it's not teeing up e-commerce in any way. It's really about marketing. 
Marni Shapiro: That makes sense. And are you guys finding any change in the hiring landscape out there as some of the department stores try to be off-pricers? I'm saying try with all seriousness. I don't think they're excelling at it. 
Michael O'Sullivan: I'll let Barbara answer on the merchant side. On the operating side, no, no impact at all. 
Barbara Rentler: Are you trying to ask me if they're trying to steal our people, Marni? 
Marni Shapiro: Kind of. Are you finding it -- or are you having to pay more, are you finding it more difficult to find people? 
Barbara Rentler: Listen. I think we have a very strong -- a strong merchant team. I think we have -- Ross has a great culture. We have a lot of long-tenured employees. And I think that in terms of the retail landscape and hiring people, there are obviously a lot of people out there that are now looking for jobs, and so we are kind of sorting our way through that. I think, listen, it's a very competitive market for talent, and so I think people do look to try to steal our talent. But we do run pretty low turnover rates. And I think Ross -- I can't be objective here. I think Ross is a great place to work. It's a great place to work. So yes, so hopefully, that answers your question. 
Operator: The next question is from Lindsay Drucker Mann from Goldman Sachs. 
Lindsay Mann: I wanted to ask on wages. On the wage inflation, you called out for calendar '17, is the majority of that from mandated minimum wage increases? Or are there any other factors at play? 
Michael Hartshorn: So Lindsay, last year, we took our wages across the board in the company up to $10 an hour based on tenure. Obviously, it includes mandated minimum wages, and our upcoming guidance takes into consideration the mandates that we're aware of today. 
Lindsay Mann: Is there anything incremental that you guys expect outside of mandated increases in terms of your own effort to raise wages? 
Michael Hartshorn: Not at this point. 
Lindsay Mann: Okay. And then, Barbara, in your comments, you referred a couple of times to the really intense competitive environment, and I was just curious. I think that you've oftentimes and the environment often has been competitive. Is your characterization of the competitive environment today any different than what you might have described it in the past? In other words, is it any more competitive or any worse than what you're used to seeing? 
Barbara Rentler: I think the competitive environment for the last 2 years has been pretty intense, and I don't foresee that going away. I think that's kind of what business is about now. And I think that's built into how you have to think about your business and how we think about our business and how we think about our values and how we chase our business. But I think it's been competitive for a long time, and I think that's now the norm of business as usual. 
Operator: The next question is from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about the store footprint, the Ross Stores and dd's, are you seeing -- are you changing anything in terms of size of stores? And what's happening on the occupancy cost fund, percentage rents versus fixed rents? And then just as you think about new store openings and the annualized new store opening rate, has anything changed there? 
Gary Cribb: I'll take the first part. Over the last 10 years, we've decreased the size of our stores by about 15%, and the decrease is really just based on the reductions of inventory that we've seen over the years. Today, as we go out and look for new stores, we rightsize them based on the market and demographics, et cetera. 
Michael O'Sullivan: On the other part of your question, Dana, I would say that occupancy costs are fairly stable at this point. They have good availability. In terms of locations, but rents are fairly stable. And our new store opening rate is about -- we add about 6% more stores every year on the base of stores that we have. We open 18 to 19 stores, which is about 6% increase each year. And I would expect it will stay more or less at that level for the next few years. 
Operator: The next question is from David Glick from Buckingham. 
David Glick: Most of my questions have been answered. Just a quick follow-up there. dd's is approaching 200 stores. And when you look at the mix of stores that you opened, are you at the point where that is a part of your business that you may want to accelerate the store opening rate? 
Michael O'Sullivan: As Barbara said in her remarks, we were very happy with dd's performance in Q4 and for the full year 2016. It turned in a very solid sales and profit performance. And actually, over a longer period of time, we've been pleased with that business. But we've always been fairly deliberate about how we roll out and grow our businesses. This was true with Ross, and that's also true with dd's. That on a base of about 200 stores. We feel pretty comfortable being able to open 20-ish, 20, 21, 22 stores. I think it's unlikely that we would accelerate that. I think there are constraints in terms of being able to do that in a high-quality way, whether it's real estate locations or building the operational team. We prefer to open and roll out dd's in a much more deliberate way. Yes, that's my answer. 
Operator: The next question is from Christian Buss from Crédit Suisse. 
 And there are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-16 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2015 Form 10-K and fiscal 2016 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on file with the SEC. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Balmuth, Executive Chairman; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; And Connie Kao, Vice President of Investor Relations. We will begin our call today with a review of our third quarter performance followed by our outlook for the fourth quarter, after which we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 
 As noted in today's press release, we are very pleased with our better-than-expected sales and earnings growth in the third quarter as customers responded favorably to the compelling values we offer throughout our stores. 
 Earnings per share for the period were $0.62, up 17% on top of a robust 15% increase in the prior year. Net earnings grew to $245 million compared to $216 million last year. These earnings results include a benefit of about $0.01 per share from favorable timing of expenses that are expected to reverse in the fourth quarter. 
 Sales for the third quarter rose 11% to $3.1 billion, with comparable stores sales up 7% versus a 3% gain last year. Operating margin was above plan, growing 55 basis points to 12.6%, driven mainly by higher merchandise margins. 
 For the first 9 months of fiscal 2016, earnings per share were $2.06, up 11% on top of 15% increase in the prior year. Net earnings were $817 million, up from $757 million last year. 
 Sales year-to-date rose 8% to $9.4 billion, with comparable store sales up 4% on top of a 4% gain in 2015.
 dd's DISCOUNTS continued the year-to-date trend with strong performance in the third quarter. California was the strongest region during the period while shoes was the best-performing category at Ross. 
 Our ladies' apparel business also continued to strengthen as shoppers responded to our improved merchandise assortment. As we ended the third quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 4% compared to the prior year, with average in-store inventories down slightly. 
 Packaway as a percent of total inventories was 45% compared to 48% at this time last year. 
 As planned, we completed our 2016 store opening programs during the third quarter, with the addition of 25 new Ross and 9 dd's DISCOUNTS. 
 We expect to end fiscal 2016 with 1,338 Ross and 192 dd's DISCOUNTS, an increase of 84 locations for the year. 
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our third quarter results and details on our guidance for the fourth quarter and fiscal year. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Let's start with our third quarter results. Our 7% comparable store sales gain was driven by increases in both traffic and the size of the average basket. 
 As Barbara mentioned, third quarter operating margin was better than planned, increasing 55 basis points from last year to 12.6%. Cost of goods sold improved by 50 basis points, driven by 50 basis points in higher merchandise margin combined with a 20 basis point decline in occupancy costs. This was partially offset by an increase of 20 basis points in buying expenses. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses during the period improved by 5 basis points as leverage on the 7% increase in comparable store sales was partially offset by higher wages and certain other nonrecurring costs. 
 During the quarter, we repurchased 2.8 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $179 million. 
 Year-to-date, we have bought back a total of 9.1 million shares for an aggregate price of $530 million. 
 We remain on track to spend a total of $700 million for the year to complete the 2-year, $1.4 billion stock repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors in February 2015. 
 Let's turn now to our fourth quarter outlook. While we hope to do better, we are maintaining our same-store sales guidance for a 1% to 2% increase. This range is on top of strong 6% and 4% gains in 2014 and 2015, respectively. We expect earnings per share for the 2016 fourth quarter to be $0.72 to $0.75, which reflects the impact from the previously mentioned expense timing that benefited the third quarter. 
 This updated range compares to earnings per share of $0.66 last year. 
 The operating statement assumptions for the fourth quarter include the following: total sales are projected to grow 4% to 5%; operating margin is forecast to be 13.2% to 13.4% versus 12.7% in the prior year as we anniversary higher packaway costs that negatively impacted last year's fourth quarter. Net interest expense is estimated to be about $4 million. Our tax rate is planned at approximately 36% to 37%, and we expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 392 million. 
 Based on our year-to-date results, along with this fourth quarter forecast, we are now projecting earnings per share for the full year to increase 11% to 12% to $2.78 to $2.81 on top of a 14% gain in fiscal 2015. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. Again, we are very happy with our third quarter sales and earnings that were well ahead of our expectations. As Michael just mentioned, we faced our most challenging multi-year comparisons this holiday season. There is an ongoing uncertainty in the macroeconomic, political and retail environments that could, once again, lead to a very promotional fourth quarter. 
 Despite these potential headwinds, we believe we are competitively positioned for the fourth quarter as our merchants have done a terrific job of acquiring a wide array of exciting and sharply priced name-brand fashions and gifts to appeal to today's value-driven holiday shoppers. 
 To sum up, we see consumers' increased focus on value continuing for the foreseeable future. This, along with a solid execution of our short- and long-term strategies, makes us optimistic about our prospects for continued growth in sales and earnings. 
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Paul Lejuez from Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Can you remind us of what your merchandise margin typically looks like on packaway merchandise compared to your normal in-season buys? And has there been anything in the quality of packaways you've seen over the past few quarters that's changed that relationship at all? 
Michael Hartshorn: From a margin perspective, Paul, the margin on packaways is very similar to flow of merchandise or direct store merchandise. To us, it's the best value for the customer. 
Paul Lejuez: And consistent? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, it's been consistent over time, Paul. So no real change over the past several quarters. 
Paul Lejuez: Got you. And then just one follow-up. It looks like D&A growth slowed substantially. Can you talk about what might be going on, on that line? 
Michael Hartshorn: So on G&A, we -- obviously, the 7% comp, we were 5 basis points lower partly driven by... 
Paul Lejuez: D&A, I'm sorry, Michael [indiscernible] 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. Sorry, as I said, G&A. So on capital spending, we're forecasting for the year about $315 million in capital, which is lower than we projected at the beginning of the year due to delays in corporate office and supply chain projects that we expect to push into next year. 
Paul Lejuez: Any initial thoughts on the CapEx budget for next year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Expectation at this point would be around $400 million, similar to how we started this year. 
Operator: The next question is from Lindsay Drucker Mann from Goldman Sachs. 
Lindsay Mann: I was hoping to dig in a little bit on the drivers in D&A. I think that you mentioned some nonrecurring costs that happened in SG&A in the quarter, but also some timing benefits that happened in the third quarter? So could you just add a little more color there? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, so I'll break the timing in the quarter. The timing in the quarter was actually gross margin component. Packaway ended a little higher than we had in our current original expectations when we entered the quarter, so that timing moved from Q3 to Q4, which is why the Q4 guidance came down by about $0.01. In terms of G&A, we ended up 5 basis points better. We would have expected more leverage on the 7% comp. That was driven by higher wages and, as we mentioned on the call, onetime nonrecurring expenses. 
Lindsay Mann: Okay. And your inventories per store were actually down despite a really strong comp. I was wondering if you could talk about -- we've seen inventories down significantly, the number of department stores. How would you characterize the buying environment or the availability of product? And also, the driver of your own inventory reductions per store with a strong comp? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Lindsay, I'll separate that into 2 pieces. First of all, just the availability, and I'll let Barbara comment on that in a moment. But in terms of the inventory in our stores, that's driven by our own plans. We tend to plan our inventories with some discipline just to make sure that we can drive turns that the sales trend is strong. So even though, obviously, our sales trend was very strong in Q3, we've kept our inventories in line as we go into Q4. I'll let Barbara comment in terms of the availability of merchandise. 
Barbara Rentler: In terms of availability, it's pretty broad-based and spread through all the markets. There's been, obviously, a lot of availability despite the fact that department stores have kept their inventory bases in line. There is definitely more goods out in the market at this moment. 
Operator: Your next question is from Adrienne Yih from Wolfe Research. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: My question was on the resolution of the spring product issue. It seems like that's clearly behind. But I was wondering if there was any impact to whatsoever into the third quarter. And then how much chase or open-to-buy do you actually still have available to get to a higher comp, similar to what you did in the third quarter? 
Barbara Rentler: In terms of impact to spring product? Just to clarify, the spring product going into the third quarter? 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Sorry, the spring product issue that was from Q1. 
Barbara Rentler: Just the issue itself, a hangover effect? We did not have a hangover effect. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Yes, the hangover effect, exactly. 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. So we did not have a hangover effect in terms of product moving into the third quarter. And can you just clarify the second piece of the question, again? 
Michael O'Sullivan: I think on the second piece, just to -- I think I answered that already. Our business is all about chasing sales trends, so I'll remind you, coming into Q3, our guidance was a 1 to 2 comp in Q3, and we're able to chase it up to a 7. So we feel pretty good about our ability to go out and get extra merchandise in Q4 if the sales trend is there. 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: Okay. And then can you [indiscernible] about over levering to some of the upsize inventory that was out there? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sorry, Adrienne, you were cutting out there. Could you just repeat the question? 
Adrienne Yih-Tennant: I'm sorry. Just on the packaway opportunity that you have, how opportunistic was the buying last year in terms of perhaps any margin upside? Does that make sense? So to the extent that you were able to buy at better-than-historic pricing, average unit cost? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. I think we would expect to see a lot of margin expansion from that. What we would have done is, to the extent we're able to buy great product opportunistically and put it into the hotel, put it into packaway, when we flow it out, what we're really doing is trying to drive sales. So that's really where look for those bargains to really drive sales rather than add to our margin. 
Operator: The next question is from Omar Saad from Evercore ISI. 
Omar Saad: I wanted to ask if you could talk about how much scale the current supply chain, the distribution centers, the infrastructure you have, how much they can handle? And when do you expect, as you think out over time, the next kind of major round of investments in IT and supply chain? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So in terms of major processing facilities, major distribution centers, just as a reminder, we added a new distribution center last year, that was in 2015, and we had added one before that in 2014. So some pretty lumpy investments that we've now worked our way through. Given our current growth projections, we would expect that we would need additional major distribution capacity, probably about 4 or 5 years from now. And if you back off that, you probably start some of the capital spending 1 year or 2 below -- before that. So it's going to be a while before we have those kind of lumpy investments again. 
Omar Saad: Okay. If I could have one follow-up. In terms of the great comp number that you put out this quarter, if you think about the upside to perhaps where your expectations were 3, 6 months ago, is more of the upside coming from the packaway product or the regular flow? 
Michael O'Sullivan: It's a combination, I wouldn't call out one or the other. The truth is the upside really comes from the customer coming in and buying more product. And we've been able to get great packaway product and great flow product in order to fuel that sales trend. 
Barbara Rentler: So the merchants are chasing the sales trend as we go. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Marni Shapiro from Retail Trackers. 
Marni Shapiro: So I was curious if there were any segments in the quarter that surprised you either to the upside or to the downside, be it home, personal care, juniors, other than, I believe, you called out footwear. Any other callouts? 
Barbara Rentler: I wouldn't say that, that surprised us. Our home business continued to perform well, shoes has been performing well all along, and we felt good about our assortment in ladies as we were starting to move and improve the assortment, so we did -- we were happy with that performance. I guess, that would be -- if anything, that would be a surprise is that business has been moving from quarter-to-quarter in the right direction. But overall, I wouldn't say major surprises because home and shoes have continued and have been good all year. 
Marni Shapiro: And within ladies, was it activewear, was it juniors, or was it across the board? 
Barbara Rentler: In ladies -- well, activewear is performing just fine. I would say it's really more in ladies and juniors would be at this moment in time. 
Operator: The next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Just wanted to follow up on the increase in basket size that you commented on in the prepared remarks. What was the driver of that? Was that a unit or a pricing increase? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Lorraine. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, the 7 comp was driven by higher traffic and an increase in the basket size. Traffic was slightly a larger increase than basket. The basket was all driven by higher units per transaction. AUR was relatively flat. 
Lorraine Maikis: Okay. And what do you expect for AUR trends going forward? 
Michael Hartshorn: I don't think we'd comment at this point, but it's run relatively flat all year round for us. 
Operator: The next question is from Brian Tunick from Royal Bank of Canada. 
Brian Tunick: I'm curious, I guess, for Barbara. Maybe can you talk about what categories might be the biggest opportunity you see for next year or maybe where some of your buying team is spending their time? And then, I guess, also curious on the real estate pipeline. Any initial thoughts from a planning perspective why either the store growth rate or mix could look different than what we saw this year? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. In terms of categories for next year, we still feel very good about our home business. We feel there's a lot of opportunity that goes on in home, it's very broad-based. If we continue to execute our strategies effectively in ladies, we would be feeling positive about our ladies' business as long as we stay on track and execute appropriately. And in terms of where the merchants are spending their time, all the merchants are spending their time in the market, not just home merchants, not just in specific areas that we think we would expand for next year, all merchants are spending their time in markets, again, because there's so much availability and potential opportunities. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And, Brian, on your question about real estate and number of stores obviously, we'll be more specific when we talk about 2017 guidance in February. But I think it's fact that if you look at our store openings over the past several years, we run at typically 80 to 90 net new stores a year. I wouldn't expect a dramatic deviation from that going forward. 
Brian Tunick: And if I can just throw in just one more question. Obviously, you guys have talked about wage pressure now and some of the things you're doing to absorb it. But are there other additional opportunities, both in the supply chain on the store side that you guys are finding to offset the wage pressure? 
Michael O'Sullivan: There always are. I mean, as a company, we go through a very rigorous and detailed budget process. There's a lot of sort of expense discipline within different functions within the company. So we're always looking for new opportunities to find efficiency and drive savings. And again, we'll talk more about that when we give 2017 guidance. I mean, I would say that we feel pretty good about our ability to offset the wage increases that we've absorbed in the last couple of years. There's a limit to the degree to which we can offset those increases going forward. 
Operator: The next question is from Michael Binetti from UBS securities. 
Michael Binetti: Let me just ask you, the department stores have come up a few times, it seems like your strategy has been to reduce their inventories to try and lower their markdown cadence. If they are successful, and you guys wake up tomorrow and see the department stores kind of leading their industry to higher AURs, what -- how do you strategically think about that? Does that bring an AUR opportunity for you? Or do you guys typically look for opportunities to gather market share in that situation? 
Michael O'Sullivan: I would say we would welcome that. I think if it got less promotional, we would see that as an opportunity to gain more share and to drive sales. So specifically for us, it would be about sales rather than margin. But I think as Barbara said in her remarks, the indicators that we see, cause us to think that the fourth quarter will likely be very promotional. And so those indicators include the fact that we're seeing plenty of merchandise supply, presuming that supply was made for someone; that, secondly, when we looked at Q3 results that have been reported so far, they look relatively weak across the retail sector; and then, thirdly, as Barbara said in her remarks, the political and economic environment looks uncertain. So if you mix all those together, it suggests that the environment is likely to remain promotional rather than the other way around. 
Michael Binetti: And then if I could maybe continue on that, I feel like there's not a week that goes that we don't hear another one of the department store brand companies updating their strategy to include significantly lower inventory buys going forward, so maybe there is still some inventory out there today but in general, the off-priced channels continue to come and that inventory in the marketplace remains robust. You guys have certainly benefited from better inventory turns, but better merchandise margins over time. If the brands do follow through with that strategy and take inventory lower, it becomes a bit counterintuitive for us to keep hearing the off-priced industry in general, they're saying that we still see plentiful inventory out there. How do you think forward to if inventories do get a little bit harder to come by, how you look at approaching your business for next year? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Those are good questions. I think it all depends on what sales those departments stores are able to do and the comparison between those sales and the inventories that they've bought themselves into. I mean, right now, as I say, based upon what we're seeing in the marketplace, we see no problem with supply. 
Operator: The next question is from Laura Champine from Roe Equity Research. 
Laura Champine: I wanted to ask again about your expectations for Q4 because the comp guidance you've given does look very conservative given what you just put up in Q3. Would your expectation be in Q4 to continue to gain share within apparel? Is it conservative on apparel just generally and on retail generally? Or is there something that gives you pause about your own performance? 
Michael O'Sullivan: I think it's nothing specific to us, Laura, I think it's more about the external environment and really the things that Barbara had mentioned, that the broader political and economic environment looks uncertain. The Q3 -- the third quarter results that have been reported so far look relatively weak, and that suggests that it could get pretty promotional as retailers try and either hold onto or avoid losing share. So the combination of those 2 things makes us relatively concerned about the external environment. The only thing that's specific to us, I suppose, is the fact that we're up against our toughest year-over-year comparisons in the fourth quarter on a 2- and 3-year basis. So that's the other thing that's sort of factored into our guidance. 
Operator: The next question is from Oliver Chen from Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: Congrats on the best in comps and retail. Regarding the comps and the traffic gains, what was happening with traffic with respect to how they were -- it was so impressive. Were you able to chase in the categories? And did you have to delay shipments in terms of some of the seasonal weather? Just curious about how that traffic number was so impressive. A related question is just on the merchandise margins. Is that attributable to the strong inventory control? 
Michael Hartshorn: Oliver, I'll start with the merchant margins. We obviously outperformed the high end of our comp sales targets, so that meant we had faster turns resulting in markdown leverage. We also benefited from our ability to take advantage of buying opportunities in the marketplace. So both of those factors contributed to the higher merchandise margin. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of chasing into the categories, again, there's been a lot of availability in the marketplace so the merchants were out in the market every day looking for opportunities, so they've been able to chase into categories that we're selling. In terms of seasonal products, we had relatively conservative seasonal plans for the Q3, and so seasonal performance has been overall fine at this point in time, and the categories go forward remains to be seen what we find out in the marketplace as we chase our way across. 
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So just on the 7 comp, was performance pretty consistent throughout the quarter? And then just as you dig into your performance versus the choppy macro backdrop that you call out, are you seeing a broadening of the customer base, new customers shopping the store? Just the best way that you track it, I'm curious what you are seeing. 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of trends during the quarter, Matthew, the comps were similar across all 3 months in the quarter. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And in terms of what's driving that 7% comp, it's hard for us to tell, Matthew, but it's almost certainly a combination of certainly some new customers and then some existing customers who are just shopping us more, looking for values and happy with what we're able to offer them. 
Matthew Boss: Got it. And just a follow-up on margins. For the fourth quarter, what's the best way to think about recapturing the 100 basis points related to the packaways last year? Just curious how we should think about recapture of that loss from last year. 
Michael Hartshorn: So the guidance assumes some recapture of the 100 basis points. We didn't -- we don't -- our practice is not to call out specifically in upcoming guidance, but it's part of the driver of the EPS growth in the fourth quarter. 
Operator: The next question is from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Michael, I wanted to just ask about wage inflation and SG&A leverage. It seems like the leverage point today, perhaps starting in the third quarter, sits a little bit higher because of the wage increases. So I'm wondering if you can just talk to your -- what comps you need to leverage SG&A in a normal environment. And then it seems like starting in the third quarter and continuing maybe through the first half of '17, that comp needed is a bit higher because of the incremental wages. Could you just talk us through that? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Kimberly. The third quarter levered by 5 basis points on the 7% comp. As we mentioned in our comments, that was partly driven by wages, and that really hasn't changed from the first part of the year, but it was also impacted by onetime nonrecurring charges we took in the quarter. So I'd say the leverage point change in the quarter was those nonrecurring costs. At this point, we continue to believe at least in the next couple of years that the leverage point continues to be about 3%. 
Kimberly Greenberger: About 3%. Okay, great. And I'm wondering if there was any year-over-year increase in incentive compensation, either driving that 20 basis points of gross margin deleverage or in your SG&A. And then lastly, Barbara, I apologize if I didn't hear this correctly, but could you just comment on the apparel execution in the women's business? I think on the August earnings call, you had mentioned you'd made a great deal of progress in the second quarter, but you weren't entirely happy yet. I'm just wondering if you can just update us on the progress there. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, on the incentive cost, yes on both gross margin and SG&A. In our notes, we mentioned that buying expenses were 20 basis points higher than last year, and that was mainly from higher incentive costs given the outperformance during the quarter. 
Barbara Rentler: And, Kimberly, in terms of the ladies' business, we do feel like we're making progress. We are moving in the right direction, and we are expecting as long as we execute effectively where we have some real major execution issues in Q1, that we're going to continue to see a strengthening in the business. So it's month-to-month improving business by business, but we do feel like we've made progress, and we do feel like we're on track as long as we continue to execute appropriately. 
Operator: The next question is from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: Michael, just a quick one on wages. Can your remind, as much as you shared this, what kind of EPS headwind wage inflation has been or do you project will be for you guys this year? And then just, not asking for guidance, but just simplistically when we think about next year, does that headwind -- is it similar, does it lessen, or does it increase? 
Michael Hartshorn: So Ike, we obviously haven't called out the impact of wages because we've been able to offset the impact today. Obviously, we're working through our -- finalizing our 2017 budget and we'll be in a better position at the end of the year when we give our guidance for 2017 on the potential impact. 
Operator: The next question is from Bob Drbul from Guggenheim. 
Robert Drbul: I just had 2 questions. The first one is regionally, you called out California, I was just wondering if there are any other callouts? Specifically, the Midwest has been pretty consistent for you guys, how you're doing in the Midwest. And then the second question would be -- I know it's early, a lot of subjectiveness to this, but if tax -- corporate tax rates were to be reduced, could you maybe just help us think about how to think about the possible uses of cash in a scenario where additional cash became available in size for you? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. So on the original performance, geographically, the strong comp performance was very broad-based. We mentioned California. The Midwest also performed very well. On tax policy, I think it's really too early to comment on the impact and what policy changes ultimately get implemented. 
Operator: The next question is from Roxanne Meyer from MKM Partners. 
Roxanne Meyer: I just have a follow-up question on category performance. Obviously, home and shoes were called out as standouts. I'm just wondering if you could also share other categories that were both above and as well as below the chain average. 
Barbara Rentler: I would say that other businesses fell pretty much closer in line in apparel. In terms of probably some of our weaker performances, we're still struggling in accessories as we're working our way through that. But after that, I would say pretty much most of the businesses fell in line. 
Operator: The next question is from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Any update on dd's and what you're seeing there and how are you thinking about it for 2017? And also, any update on shrinkage? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Dana, on dd's, as Barbara mentioned in her remarks, dd's continued its strong performance in Q3. The business is on track for another good year. We -- as we have over the last several years, this year, we opened about 20 new dd's stores. And again, we'll be more specific when we give 2017 guidance, but if have to speculate, I would say that you could expect that we're not going to deviate materially from that going forwards. 
Michael Hartshorn: On shrink, we finished our physical inventory, as we do every year, in the third quarter. Shrink results were slightly better than our expectations. That said, shrink was a slight headwind versus last year as we anniversaried better-than-expected results from the prior year. 
Operator: The next question is from Simeon Siegel from Nomura Instinet. 
Simeon Siegel: So if I missed it, but just any thoughts on where you expect the inventory to end the year? And then any color on the long term merch margin opportunity from here? 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of inventory for the year, I mean, I think we'll continue to operate the business at slightly down, and I don't think our expectation would change for the year-end inventories. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then in terms of longer-term margin opportunity, at this point, it's really about the sales line. I kind of feel like in terms of the things that have driven our margin improvement over the last several years, those things have included tighter inventory control which has, obviously, driven lower markdowns and improved shortage control. There might be some incremental opportunity in both of those areas, but it will be relatively small. So the real upside opportunity on margin is going to come from the head of planned sales. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today, and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-17 23:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2015 Form 10-K and fiscal 2016 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on file with the SEC. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Balmuth, Executive Chairman; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Group's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations.
 We'll begin our call today with a review of our second quarter and year-to-date performance, followed by our outlook for the remainder of the year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As noted in today's press release, both sales and earnings results in the second quarter were ahead of our forecast. Earnings per share for the period were $0.71, up 13% on top of an 11% increase in the prior year. These results include an approximate $0.01 benefit from favorable expense timing that is expected to reverse in the second half.
 Net earnings for the second quarter grew to $282 million compared to $259 million for the same period last year. Sales rose 7% to $3,181,000,000, with comparable store sales up 4% on top of a 4% gain in the prior year. Higher merchandise gross margin during the second quarter drove a 50 basis point increase in operating margin to 14.4%. For the first 6 months of fiscal 2016, earnings per share were $1.44, up 9% on top of a 15% increase in the prior year. Net earnings were $573 million, up from $541 million in last year's first half. Sales year-to-date rose 6% to $6,270,000,000, with comparable store sales up 3% versus a 5% gain in the prior year period.
 dd's DISCOUNTS again posted better-than-expected gains in both sales and profits for the quarter as customers continued to respond positively to their merchandise offerings. During the quarter, California and the Midwest were the strongest regions, while shoes and home were the best-performing merchandise categories at Ross. We also made some progress improving the assortments in our ladies' apparel businesses, where we struggled during the spring season. As we ended the second quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 3% compared to the prior year, with average in-store inventories down 1%. Packaway as a percent of total inventories was 47% compared to 46% at this time last year. 
 Turning to our expansion program. Store growth remains on track as 24 new Ross and 7 dd's DISCOUNTS opened in the second quarter. For the full year, we continued to plan for a total of 70 new Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate a handful of stores. Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our second quarter results and details on our second half guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Let's start with our second quarter results. Our 4% comparable store sales gain was driven by increases in both traffic and the size of the average basket. As mentioned earlier, second quarter operating margin was better than expected, increasing 50 basis points from last year to 14.4%. Cost of goods sold improved 60 basis points in the quarter, driven by 45 basis point increase in merchandise margin and distribution and buying costs that were lower by 10 and 5 basis points, respectively. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses during the period increased by 10 basis points due mainly to higher wages. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.1 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $176 million. Year-to-date, we have bought back a total of 6.2 million shares for an aggregate price of $352 million. As planned, we expect to buy back a total of $700 million in stock for the year to complete the 2-year $1.4 billion stock repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors in February 2015. 
 Let's turn now to our second half guidance. For the third quarter ending October 29, 2016, same-store sales are forecast to increase 1% to 2% on top of a 3% gain last year, with earnings per share projected to be in the range of $0.52 to $0.55 versus $0.53 in last year's third quarter. For the fourth quarter ending January 28, 2017, we are also planning same-store sales to be up 1% to 2% on top of a 4% gain last year, with earnings per share projected to be $0.73 to $0.76 compared to $0.66 last year. The difference in earnings per share growth between the third and fourth quarters is mainly due to timing of packaway-related costs compared to the prior year. 
 Now I'll provide some additional operating statement assumptions for our third quarter EPS target. Total sales are projected to grow 4% to 5%. We're planning to add 25 new Ross and 9 dd's DISCOUNTS locations during the period. In addition to the previously mentioned timing of packaway-related costs, if same-store sales perform in line with our guidance for 1% to 2% gain, there would be some deleveraging on occupancy and other expenses. Thus, operating margin is projected to be 11.6% to 11.8% versus 12.1% in the prior year. Net interest expense is estimated to be about $4.5 million. Our tax rate is planned at approximately 36% to 37%. And we expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 394 million. As noted in today's press release, based on our results for the first 6 months and the second half forecast, we are now projecting earnings per share for the full year to increase 7% to 10% to $2.69 to $2.75 on top of a 14% gain in fiscal 2015. Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. To sum up, our sales and earnings growth improved from earlier in the year, with second quarter results that were above our projections. As previously mentioned, we have made some progress improving the assortments in our ladies' apparel businesses where we struggled during the spring season. However, we know we still have more work to do in this very important area. So as we move into the second half and beyond, we will continue to place additional emphasis on further improving our merchandise offerings in this business. We are well positioned with plenty of open-to-buy in order to take advantage of the large availability of products in the marketplace today, not only in ladies' apparel but throughout the store. This flexibility will allow us to offer plenty of appealing fashions and compelling bargains to our customers. That said, we still face an increasingly uncertain macroeconomic, political and retail environment. So while we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to manage our business conservatively over the balance of the year. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from David Mann from Johnson Rice. 
David Mann: I guess, my question is on the third quarter guidance. Can you talk about the comp guidance you're giving for the third quarter? Why we should expect that to decelerate a little bit from what you saw in the second quarter? And how much is that packaway expense, the differential that you're talking about impacting Q3 versus Q4? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So David, on the comp guidance, first of all, I think as Barbara said in her remarks, as we look at the back half, we think we continue to face an increasingly uncertain macroeconomic, political and retail environment. And I would say that the retail environment we're expecting is likely going to be promotional, given relatively poor performance levels that have been reported recently and also some store closure announcements that have been made. So weighing all those factors together, it kind of makes sense for us to be relatively conservative in our guidance. We'll do our best and certainly, we have to do better. 
Michael Hartshorn: David, on the timing of packaway, as we noted in our comments, the difference between the third and fourth quarter is mainly due to the timing of packaway-related costs. As a reminder, we saw benefits from the timing last year in Q3 and a significant negative impact in Q4. So while we hope to do better, Q3 and Q4 taken together implies a 5% to 10% EPS growth on a 1% to 2% comp versus the 9% increase in the first half of the year at the 3% comp. 
Operator: Next question is from Brian Tunick from Royal Bank of Canada. 
Brian Tunick: I guess, 2 questions, just trying to understand -- it sounds like a lot of retailers are calling out July being the strongest month of the second quarter, people talking about back-to-school off to a good start. I know you guys had fewer, I think, tax-free days in Florida this year. So just curious, when you gave your third quarter guidance, how you view those inputs. And then if you could talk about the buckets of merchandise margin drivers, what's still are the biggest opportunities ahead of the company? 
Michael Hartshorn: Brian, it's Michael. In terms of trends during the quarter, for us, similar it sounds like to other retailers. July was slightly higher than May and June, and May and June were relatively similar. In terms of margin performance for the quarter, the higher margin -- merchandise margin was driven by above plan sales and somewhat better execution. I'd say in the longer term, the best thing that we can do to drive sales is sales productivity -- or drive margin is sales productivity. 
Brian Tunick: And do you have an outlook on inventory per store decline goals? What do you think is left in the opportunity there? 
Michael Hartshorn: Overall, since we started cutting inventory, we have inventories down over 40% in front of the customer. And I think going forward, we'll try to operate the business with slightly lower inventories. But I think we're certainly in the ninth inning of reducing significant inventory in front of the customer. 
Operator: The next question is from Oliver Chen from Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: Regarding the ladies business, it sounds like you've made some really nice progress here. If you could elaborate on your thoughts on what work is left to do and also how this has interacted with traffic. It feels like it's been on its way to being corrected, but I know that you're thinking that there's more opportunity. And that was very nice to see that momentum in traffic, which has been tough for retailers as a whole. So I'm curious about those 2 and how the interplay going forward. 
Barbara Rentler: So Oliver, I'll talk a little bit about the ladies improvement. We feel like we've improved slightly in Q2. The assortments, I would say, are moving in the right direction. But I would also say that we feel like we have a ways to go. We believe that we're addressing the correct issues in the assortment, but it takes time to completely address those merchandise issues. So, although we've made some improvements, we know we still have -- we have a little bit of road ahead of us. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And Oliver, on -- go ahead, Oliver. 
Oliver Chen: Well, on that topic, is weather something we should think and watch about? Because I know weather plays a role on the risk factor in terms of properly assorting. So if there's a way to think about that aspect -- that axis of risk or not, it would be interesting to hear your thoughts. 
Barbara Rentler: The weather, I would say, what really happened in terms of our assortment issues that we had in Q1, I don't think it directly related to the weather, I think it directly related to how we assorted the total assortment. I mean, obviously, we were taking some considerations of news of El Niño into consideration, but the weather itself wasn't the main driver. We just -- we really just had execution issues and the assortments got off course. We feel at this point like we've identified issues, in the process -- of addressing and correcting those issues, but we still feel like we have improvements to make ahead of us. 
Operator: Your next question is from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: I guess, maybe, Michael, on the expense front. It seems like you have a little bit more flexibility on the SG&A line than maybe your larger peer right now. I guess, my question is, it sounds like wage inflation should continue to be a headwind into next year, especially given your California exposure. Maybe just simplistically, would you expect next year to have similar amount of headwinds that you're seeing this year or more or less? Just kind of curious ballpark, how do you think about that. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, sure, Ike. Clearly, labor costs will be an expense headwind for us and, frankly, the whole retail industry. We entered this year in 2016 and we've taken minimum wages up across the chain, and the impact of those adjustments are reflected in our full year guidance, which is currently a 7% to 10% increase. So we've done a good job organizationally finding efficiencies throughout the business. We will go through our 2017 planning process later this year and like last year, do our best to find efficiencies throughout the business to attempt to mitigate further wage increases. And we'll be providing an update on that when we give guidance early next year. 
Operator: The next question is from Lindsay Drucker Mann from Goldman Sachs. 
Lindsay Mann: I was hoping you could comment on whether when you had some of your larger big-box apparel retailers go out of business in a local market, whether that impacts your business and how you feel about occupying some of that space for -- especially if it's on mall. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Lindsay, I guess, I would say that there’s a short-term impact and then more of a medium, long-term impact. The short-term impact is when a retailer goes out of business or when they close stores, that just adds to the promotional environment. And as Barbara mentioned in her earlier remarks, we're kind of assuming that the -- back half of the year will be fairly promotional and those store closures will add to that. In the medium- to long-term though, once those stores have closed, what we've found in the past is that when there's less competition, we have an opportunity to gain share. So longer term, there should be a benefit there. On the third part of your question about, is there opportunity for space, it all depends on a particular store. I mean, as you know, we're a strip mall retailer, and it will depend upon the size of the store that's being closed, is there an opportunity to chop that up, et cetera, and that's something that our real estate group is pretty expert at looking at. So hard to answer that in terms of specific opportunity. 
Operator: The next question is from Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: So department store inventories came way down this quarter that did a good job clearing a lot of product. I think their inventories are down on a year-over-year basis as much as they have been in about 5 or 6 years. How does that impact your business in the back half of the year? On one hand, does it mean that there might be less excess inventory available? Are you that much more important to your vendors now that they're looking for someone to buy some product and what does it do to promotional high atmosphere? 
Barbara Rentler: Mike, I think that's a few different things. As their inventory comes down and in terms of having less excess inventory, the market is full of excess inventory now. There's a tremendous amount of availability in the market more than their normally would be. So in terms of excess from now through fall, I don't think there'll be any inventory issue. In terms of how promotional they get, I mean, I still believe that, that, even with less inventory, there's so many uncertain factors out there, the macroeconomic environment, political environment, even though stores are positioned perhaps with less inventory than they have last year, that doesn't necessarily mean that, that sales will materialize. So it's kind of remains to be seen. So what we're viewing is that the fourth quarter what Michael O'Sullivan said that the fourth quarter will be highly promotional and then, I guess, that will determine the additional excess supply that could be there beyond what we're seeing in the marketplace today. 
Michael Baker: Okay. If I could ask one more. You said that the third -- the second quarter, I think you said benefited from a timing expense that will reverse in the back half. But that's not the packaway that you're referring to. Is it? Or is it something else? 
Michael Hartshorn: No, it is packaway. Packaway ended a little bit higher. 
Michael Baker: Okay, that's what you're referring? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, yes. 
Operator: The next question is from Michael Binetti from UBS. 
Michael Binetti: Let me just ask you about -- I guess, one of the questions earlier was related to labor for next year. And I guess, we're trying to figure out, for the most part, what the algorithms look like for next year in the space where I know you guys run a very tight box, and you guys have done a nice job on inventory. So you pointed to the 7% to 10% EPS growth this year. Flavor is somewhat similarly incremental next year. Can you help us think about maybe what the fix versus floating is in the rest of SG&A so to your point earlier that the best source of leverage from here will be store level productivity? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Michael. When we talk about our long-term model, we've said that low double-digit EPS growth is our long-term model, and that's based on a comp between 3% to 4%. So that's really what the most important driver of achieving that low double-digit growth. The other thing I'd say in terms of SG&A and occupancy, the leverage points for both of those have not changed. Currently, our guidance assumes SG&A for the year is about 3% and occupancy is about 4%. 
Michael Binetti: Okay. And then would you mind just clarifying the comment earlier on the comps getting a lift from average basket size? Is that UPT or average unit retail? And what do you think was driving that, a little bit more color, please? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. As we mentioned in the remarks, the 4% comp was driven by both traffic and the size of the average basket, and the higher basket was driven mainly from higher units per transaction. So for us, that's always about the merchandise and the assortment we put in front of the customer, and that's what we think is driving it. 
Operator: The next question is from Omar Saad from Evercore ISI. 
Warren Cheng: This is Warren Cheng online for Omar. I just had a follow-up to Ike's question on the wage inflation. Can you just -- as you kind of look ahead and look at wage inflation for the next year and beyond, is this something that you look to proactively get ahead of based on the competitive environment? Is it more based -- it is more determined by legislation that passed, kind of vary by state? Just trying to get a little bit of a framework for how long this could last and how you think about this, and how you make these decisions. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Warren, just a little bit of recap in terms of what we've done. Last year, we moved minimum entry wage rate to $9. And as we've mentioned on our previous call this year, we took our minimum hourly rate up to $10 for eligible store associates. But our expectation is that there's going doing to be wage pressure in the general economy over the next several years. And we also know that in some states, some very important states like California, there's already legislation that's passed or close to being passed that's going to set up multiple years of minimum wage increases. So those are things that we're looking at and as part of our budget and longer-term planning process, we'll look for ways to offset some of those minimum wage increases. It will get harder over time. I think we've done a good job so far, as Michael Hartshorn said, in absorbing those wage rate increases in the last couple of years. But that's probably a limit to how much we can absorb. So that's our expectation over the next few years. 
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: On your store growth, what's the maturity curve for new stores? Do you see 90 stores roughly as a good number of net adds the next few years? And just what have you seen from your latest Midwest sales? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Matthew, yes, I think that 90 store, give or take a few stores, is a level we've been running at for the last several years now and it's a level we're pretty comfortable with in terms of availability of good sites and our operational capabilities in terms of being able to open stores in a high-quality way. So yes, we feel good about that number. In terms of the new region, the Midwest, we entered the Midwest 4 or 5 years ago now. And I would say, we're very pleased with how it's going. I mean, you all have heard on these calls over the last couple of years, certainly over the last 1.5 years, the Midwest has been one of our top-performing regions. So we're very good about the business we're building there. 
Operator: The next question is from Paul Lejuez from Citigroup. 
Tracy Kogan: It's Tracy filling in for Paul. Two things. I was wondering if you guys could tell us what the comp gap was between your better and your worst-performing regions? And then secondly, what impact did ladies' apparel have on the comp? Or how much did it drag? 
Michael Hartshorn: Tracy, it's Michael. Answer that, just telling you some general outline of the regional performance. The strength in comp was relatively broad-based. As we mentioned in our comments, the Midwest and California were our strongest regions. The Midwest, as Michael O'Sullivan just said, has been very strong over the last several years. California, for us, likely benefited from more seasonal weather during the quarter, and then of our larger markets, Florida and Texas were in line with the chain. In terms of absolute comp on ladies, that's not something we would disclose on a call like this, but suffice it to say, ladies did underperform the chain, but that is somewhat of an improvement versus Q1. 
Tracy Kogan: So it was less of a drag than it was in the first quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. 
Operator: The next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Lorraine Maikis: Barbara, when do you think you'll have the ladies' apparel business fixed or aligned with where you'd like it to be? And then could you also talk about where you see the greatest opportunities for the holiday assortment? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. The ladies business, it's a very big business in that -- at our size, it's not the easiest business to turn around. I don't have -- we continually are making progress. I don't have a definitive date of when I think I could say at a certain period of time, we're going to be 100% fixed. It's a work in progress, and so we feel like we're correcting the right things. We think we've identified our issues, but that -- that's a very big business and a very long haul, so I really couldn't give you a definitive time frame. In terms of holiday, we'll have an emphasis on gift-giving the way we did last year. It will be broad-based throughout the entire box with, obviously, the key classification, the home businesses, which are traditionally good gift-giving businesses. But really, we see that throughout the entire box everywhere. 
Operator: The next question is from Laura Champine from Roe Equity Research. 
Laura Champine: In this holiday season, being an election year and another fiercely competitive year, are there any significant changes that you expect to make to your media spend or advertising plans? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Laura, the short answer is no. Our marketing strategy and message has been fairly consistent over the year. The message is pretty straightforward that we offer the best values in apparel and home fashions. That’s still the strategy. It’s still the message, so no significant changes. 
Laura Champine: Got it. And then as we look forward into 2017, with everything we know today about changes in department store footprints, with the macro environment and the cost environment, would you see any significant step up or step back in your square footage growth? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Not at this point, no, no. We plan, as you appreciate, with the nature of retail real estate, we have a pipeline of stores that we plan to open. So at this point, our 2017 openings are fairly far long. As I said in an earlier answer or an answer to an earlier question, we're pretty happy with that 90-or-so level of new store openings. 
Operator: The next question is from Roxanne Meyer from MKM Partners. 
Roxanne Meyer: First, I guess, I'm curious to get a little bit more color in the home category. Wondering what's driving performance there. Is there anything you're doing differently in execution or certain categories that are outperforming? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, the home business, our performance has been very broad-based. Obviously, the merchants are out there continually looking for better values and broader assortments. But in grand total home, it's very broad-based. 
Roxanne Meyer: Okay, great. And then as it relates to issues in the women's business, I'm just wondering if there's anything that you're doing differently going forward to both correct the issues and prevent future ones in terms of whether it's change in processes or otherwise and anything you can describe. 
Barbara Rentler: What I would say about ladies is, we've done a lot of drill down, a lot of analysis, to understand what issues need to be corrected and obviously, when you do anything like that and you look within your 4 walls, you're really going in and saying, reviewing everything from processes to total assortments. So I would say no stone left unturned. Really, you're looking at every component of it. 
Roxanne Meyer: Okay, great. And then just last, inventory ended cleanly. But I'm wondering within your composition of inventory, if you have any clearance carryover within women's or whether you're able to end the 2Q in a clean inventory position within the women's merchandise. 
Michael O'Sullivan: We ended pretty cleanly. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Barbara, it sounds like you made progress in ladies. You're still -- you still have targeted additional work to do. I guess, I was surprised that the comp trend has reaccelerated so quickly to that 4% level with ladies still being a drag. I'm wondering if there are other categories that sort of filled the gap there. And then Michael, just a clarification. Could you remind us the basis point impact in 3Q and 4Q from that packaway shift? And can we just simply use that as a guidepost this year? Or does it depend actually on your packaway balances at the end of 3Q and 4Q and it's maybe somewhat difficult to forecast? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, the guidepost from last year, frankly, is going to change based on the volume this year. I think the best guidepost is to take the difference between EPS growth between Q3 and Q4, and the primary difference there is the timing of packaway. 
Barbara Rentler: And Kimberly, in terms of filling the sales gap to get to the 4, as we said in our comments, our home and our shoe business has been very strong. 
Kimberly Greenberger: And Barbara, was that an acceleration from the trends that you have seen in the first quarter and/or the fourth quarter? Or was there a different category may be that you saw acceleration in? 
Barbara Rentler: No, there was an acceleration in that trend in those businesses. 
Operator: I will now turn the call over to Barbara Rentler for closing comment. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores, and have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-18 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores First Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2015 Form 10-K and fiscal 2016 Form 8-Ks on file with the SEC. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Balmuth, Executive Chairman; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
 We will begin our call today with a review of our first quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 Earnings per share for the first quarter was $0.73 or a 6% gain on top of a robust 19% increase in the prior year period. Net earnings for the quarter were $291 million, up from $282 million last year. Sales increased 5% to $3,089,000,000, with comparable store sales up 2% on top of a strong 5% gain in the first quarter of 2015.
 Despite facing our strongest prior year comparisons, along with merchandising execution issues in ladies' apparel, sales performed at the high end of guidance, while earnings per share were slightly above our targeted range.
 During the quarter, home and shoes were the best-performing merchandise categories at Ross, while ladies' apparel underperformed.
 Geographically, the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic were the strongest regions. Although our first quarter operating margin of 15.4% was down from last year, it was slightly above plan, mainly due to higher merchandise margins that partially offset the expected impact from the unfavorable timing of packaway-related expenses.
 As we ended the first quarter, total consolidated inventories were flat versus the prior year, with average in-store inventories down slightly.
 Packaway as a percent of total inventories was 46% compared to 45% at this time last year.
 Both sales and operating profits at dd's DISCOUNTS were better-than-expected in the first quarter, as customers continued to respond positively to dd's value offering.
 Our store expansion program remains on track as we opened 22 new Ross and 6 dd's DISCOUNTS stores in the first quarter. We continue to expect to add a total of 90 new locations in 2016 comprised of approximately 70 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores during the year.
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our first quarter results and details on our second quarter guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Our 2% comparable store sales gain was driven by an increase in the size of the average basket. As Barbara mentioned, first quarter operating margin of 15.4% was down 30 basis points from last year, which was better than our guidance for a 50 to 70 basis point decline.
 Cost of goods sold increased 10 basis points in the quarter, mainly due to a 55 basis point increase in distribution expenses from the expected impact of a new distribution center we opened in the second quarter of last year as well as the unfavorable timing of packaway-related costs that benefited this period in 2015.
 These expense pressures were partially offset by merchandise margins that rose a better-than-expected 35 basis points and 10 basis points in lower-volume costs.
 Selling, general and administrative expenses during the period increased by 20 basis points due to a combination of deleverage from the 2% increase in comparable store sales and also higher wages.
 During the first quarter, we repurchased 3.1 million shares for a total purchase price of $176 million. This keeps us on track to buy back as planned a total of $700 million in stock for the year, which will complete the 2-year, $1.4-billion program authorized by our Board of Directors in February 2015.
 Let's turn now to our second quarter guidance. We continue to forecast same-store sales for the 13 weeks ending July 30, 2016, to be up 1% to 2% on top of a 4% gain in the second quarter of 2015, with earnings per share of $0.64 to $0.67 compared to $0.63 last year.
 Our guidance for the second quarter is based on the following assumptions. Total sales are projected to increase 4% to 5%. We expect to open 31 new stores during the period, including 24 Ross and 7 dd's DISCOUNTS locations.
 Second quarter operating margin is projected to be relatively flat at 13.8% to 14.0% compared to last year's 13.9%.
 In addition, net interest expense for the quarter is estimated to be about $4 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 38% to 39%,  and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about 397 million.
 Based on our first quarter results and the second quarter guidance, we now project fiscal 2016 earnings per share to be in the range of $2.63 to $2.72 compared to $2.51 last year. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. As mentioned earlier, even though we faced our toughest prior year comparison and comparable store sales came in at the high end of guidance with earnings per share performing slightly above our targeted range, we feel we should have done better. 
 In hindsight, we now know that we had some merchandise execution issues in ladies' apparel during the quarter that are now in the process of being addressed.
 Looking ahead, we have plenty of open-to-buy, which gives our merchants the ability to select the best values from the large volume of product  available in the marketplace today. 
 Seeing this position will enable us to offer customers even more fresh and exciting new bargains as we move through the second quarter and the balance of 2016.
 As always, providing customers with the most compelling name brand values possible is the key driver of both our short- and long-term success. 
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Paul Lejuez with Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: On the last call, I believe you mentioned that you were holding back a little bit on -- some of your potential packaway buys, which [indiscernible] were going to get even better. I'm just wondering if that came to fruition throughout the quarter. And if so, when do you plan to flow those goods into the stores? And also just kind of curious about performance in some of your largest states, California and Texas, Florida? 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. Paul, as it pertains to packaway, yes, we did buy packaway goods in the first quarter that we would use for second quarter and for fall. We're actually pleased with the packaway assortment that we have. And in terms of... 
Michael O'Sullivan: I think your other question, Paul, was on region. So Michael, do you want to comment on? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On the regions, Paul, the Midwest and the Mid-Atlantic, as we said in the comments, were the strongest regions. The Midwest has been very strong over the last several years, while the Mid-Atlantic benefited from a favorable weather comparison versus last year. In terms of other states, you mentioned California, our largest region performed slightly below the chain average. Texas was above the chain average on top of a strong performance last year when it was also above the chain average. And then Florida, trailed the chain average. We believe some of the merchandising issues that Barbara mentioned in her comments had a bigger impact to Florida as we transition spring product earlier there. 
Paul Lejuez: And then just 1 follow up. What's the timing and when you feel like you might have the merchandising issues fixed on the ladies' apparel side? 
Barbara Rentler: At this point, we're working on the issues. So they are in the process of being addressed. We're working to fix them as quickly as possible, and it's embedded in our guidance for Q2. So we hope to do better. 
Operator: And the next question is from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Neely Tamminga: I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on the ladies' apparel merchandise issue. Is it within specific categories? Or is it kind of more broad based? We're just trying to better understand that issue. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, what I would say is that we could have done a much better job of executing our merchandise game in ladies, and it was mainly in the transition to spring products that we made some execution errors. 
Operator: And your next question is from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: I think this is the first time in the last 4 or 5 quarters that you didn't call out transactions as being up in the driver of comp. Is that all attributable? I assume that's not a real traffic number. If the transaction is not being called out, does that mean transactions were down? And again, is that all related to the ladies' apparel category? 
Michael Hartshorn: I guess, we mentioned in our remarks that the 2% comp was driven by the size of the average basket. Transactions are approximately[ph] for traffic was flat during the quarter. The higher basket was driven mainly from higher units per transaction. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, what I would add, Ike, is that, that I believe in our assortments in ladies' apparel are not up to the standards that our customers come to expect. That probably makes us a little less compelling to shop. 
Operator: The next question is from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: Could you maybe quantify what comps might have been in other categories or give us some sense of what that impact would have been from ladies' apparel? And moving forward, kind of how you see that, it sounds like you are in the process of fixing it. Do you think it's realistically fixable by holidays, third and fourth quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. In terms of other merchandise performance, we did have categories that performed well. Home and shoes did very well for us. In terms of trying to understand the impact, it's always hard to do. That said, our comparable store sales did slow 1 to 2 points from our trends in the back half of last year. 
Barbara Rentler: And what I would say is, we're going to -- we're working to address the issues and to fix them as quickly as possible. We've been doing this for a long time. We've made mistakes before, and we're going to get it fixed. 
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. 
Stephen Grambling: Just clarify on an earlier question. As you think about the distribution headwinds as well as the packaway headwinds, can you just clarify how that should progress over the course of the year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Stephen. So in the quarter, distribution costs were 55 basis points higher than last year, and that's split fairly evenly between anniversary-ing our -- the opening of our distribution center in the second quarter of last year and also the timing of packaway-related costs. As we get into the second quarter, the impact of that DC will be about half of what it was in the first quarter, and we'll have it fully anniversaried when we get back to the back half of the year. In terms of timing of packaway, if you recall last year, we got a benefit in the first quarter, we got a benefit in the third quarter and took a charge in the fourth quarter. So we're up against those this year. So we had a -- about half of the 55 basis points was a drag. In this first quarter and our upcoming second quarter, the guidance assumes packaway is relatively flat. 
Stephen Grambling: That's very helpful. And then turning back to the top line, is there any comments that you can provide on the trend throughout the quarter, especially as it relates to traffic? Was it pretty consistent? Or was there any particularly strong changes as the quarter progressed? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Stephen. Sales were relatively consistent throughout the quarter. Comp sales for March and April combined which removes the impact of the Easter calendar shift, were very similar to what we saw in February. 
Operator: Your next question is from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. Barbara, I'm not sure if there's anything else that you'd like to share about just your observations on the transit  -- the spring transition in ladies' apparel. So obviously, we'd love to hear them. And I'm wondering, obviously, that is impacting, I would imagine, the start here to the second quarter. Do you think that there's an opportunity perhaps for that ladies' business to get back on track by the time we get it to the July time frame? Or do you really think that the full second quarter will be impacted? I would imagine that the issues here do not -- you would not expect them to continue into the back half of the year. But I just want to make sure that's a fair assumption. 
Barbara Rentler: So let me start with -- in terms of the transition of ladies',  the only other flavor I would put to it is that, really, what we found is that we had wrong fabrications and colors. They were not appropriate. So our assortment was, I would say, off course. In terms of the starts to the second quarter, we, obviously, wouldn't comment on that in the quarter that we're in. In terms of the back half, we're working on it. We're drilling in, figuring out what's wrong, working on it and trying to fix things as quickly as possible, but it's hard to predict. So we've got it embedded in our guidance, and we're hoping to do better. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. And just 1 last question. Obviously, this execution challenge relates to current in season product that you got in the stores. Can you reflect on the product that's been print packaway? And do you think that there's some risk that some of the product that's been put into the packaway could also have suffered from a similar execution issue? Or do you have different guardrails around the product that goes into the packaway relative to what you've got in the stores at this time? 
Barbara Rentler: No, we're comfortable with what we have in packaway. We don't think the 2 issues relate. 
Operator: The next question is from Brian Tunick with RBC. 
Brian Tunick: A couple of questions. I guess, number 1, from an in-store inventory reduction opportunity, can you maybe just give us an update there on sort of what we should think about the rest of the year could look like? Obviously, you've made great strides. How you're thinking we should expect in-store inventories to play out? And then, Q1 is usually choppy between the tax refunds and obviously there was the gas price relief. Did you guys have any chance to parse out? I guess, California saw the wage hikes first? You call that, I think, underperforming the chain. Just any perspective as you think about the tax refunds, the gas price relief, the wage hikes for your consumer? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Brian, I'll take the second part of your question first. Maybe Michael Hartshorn will respond on the expectations we met for reductions throughout the rest of the year. But in terms of some of the issues you raised like gas prices, wages, et cetera, I mean our business is always affected by sort of external variables and when we came into the year, we did -- we raised some about concerns about the economic in the consumer outlook. It's difficult, as you say, parse out those different components and quantify their impact. What I would say though is that I think we've always acknowledged that our performance is more than anything driven by our own execution. So although many of those things that you mentioned were important in Q1, I think our own execution was most important thing. That's why Barbara called it out in her comments. 
Michael Hartshorn: Brian, on inventory levels, we came into the year expectations that after many, many years of inventory reductions that our expectation we're going to operate the business with slightly lower inventory this year, and that expectations hasn't changed. 
Brian Tunick: Okay, and then lastly, on dd's, does it have any of the same women's sportswear issues that Barbara is talking about it at Ross? 
Barbara Rentler: No. 
Operator: Your next question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So your forward-looking caution on the overall retail backdrop last quarter, I mean, proved pretty spot on. And I guess, any changes to your larger picture outlook today versus where you were 3 months ago? How are you guys thinking about price competition in the back half? And then just any categories of particular close-out opportunity that you're seeing right now in the landscape? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Matthew, on the first piece, again, I would see the external environment is one of the number of things that affects our performance. If consumer spending goes down and that leads to a more promotional competitive environment, then that's generally not good. But having said that, we showed in the past that we can perform well in a tough -- even in a tough economic environment. And again, in Q1, we performed at the high end, but we feel like we should have done better but for the execution issues that Barbara described. So we remain cautious as we were when we came into the year in terms of the rest of the year, and that's -- again, it's factored into our guidance. 
Barbara Rentler: In terms of supply, the supply is very broad based. There's a lot of supply in the market. 
Operator: Your next question is from Bob Drbul with Nomura. 
Robert Drbul: I just had a couple of questions. I think the first one is in the strength in shoes, is it the women's shoes, or is it athletic? Can you talk a little bit about your trends in athletic overall? And then strength in home, is it hard home or soft home? Like, what are you seeing in home? And do you feel like that's a sustainable trend that should continue for the rest of the year? 
Barbara Rentler: Actually, our strength in shoes is broad based, both in brown shoe and athletics. As is our strength in home is broad based between decorative home and bed and bath. So both businesses are pretty healthy across the board. 
Robert Drbul: Okay. And when you look at the wage pressures that your business is seeing, do you feel like that's still a containable issue for you as the year progresses? Or do you think it's getting any worse? How do you have that planned in for the rest of the year? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Bob, we feel pretty good about our guidance with respect to the impact of wages this year. Obviously, as you'd expect, we're looking at the longer term as well, and we're working on our various plans to sort of deal with wage pressures over a longer period of time. And more to come on that in the future, but for this year, we feel very comfortable. 
Operator: The next question is from Richard Jaffe with Stifel. 
Richard Jaffe: Could you talk about the trends at average retail price at Ross and at dd's? And then if you just comment on the cash balance, which seems to be growing. I'm wondering if you -- perhaps do you want to get more aggressive on buybacks or dividend or what's your thought on the cash balances? 
Michael Hartshorn: AUR trend at both Ross and dd's are pretty stable, pretty consistent with the prior year. In terms of the cash balance, we look at it time to time, we typically -- we're in the middle of a 2-year authorization, we'll look at it next year in term with -- along with our longer-term plans and make a decision at that point. 
Operator: The next question is from Michael Binetti from UBS. 
Michael Binetti: Maybe I can ask about the -- I guess, on the inventory a little bit of a different way, but this is, I guess, 2 quarters in a row where you've commented I think that the inventory in store has been negative. I don't know if that's related to the women's apparel call out, but are there any -- may be looking a little bit of there, were there any other categories where you felt like maybe you're a little bit too light on inventory to drive the comp? 
Michael Hartshorn: No, that was unrelated, and that's how we operate the business. That was our plan, and it's really [indiscernible]. 
Michael Binetti: Okay. And then maybe if I could just look a little bit longer term, I want to think about maybe 2017, if we just take a look at inventory in the past 9 months in the channel, the department stores have really missed their business plans by a significant amount. We can already see in your comps, in the fourth quarter, you benefited from that. I think you just had first quarter, sounds like inventory is fairly wonderful. But if we assume a more rational inventory ordering pattern from the department stores heading into this holiday and also fairly common theme from the brands like PVH and Ralph Lauren, lately that their big corporate strategies are to slow, inventory flows into the department stores going forward. Do you have maybe a good point history you could point to and say, "Here's what year like 2017 might look like as we lap a period of very favorable inventory situation?" 
Michael O'Sullivan: No. I can't really think about a period in history that, that would be analogous. So what I would say is many of the things that you just said, Michael, are things that frankly people say at the beginning of the every year in terms of here's why supply is going to tighten up. And certainly, we haven't seen any sign of that so far this year, and so we're not expecting to see a major reduction in supply opportunities either for the remainder of this year and maybe it's too early to tell for 2017, but at least no signs of that at this point. 
Barbara Rentler: Actually, our history would show that the supply will take time. As the department store sector, even though they pulled back, their business is way of, and it's very difficult I think for vendor to get ahead of that. So history would show that there would be plentiful supplies to go forward. 
Operator: The next question is from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI. 
Omar Saad: I was wondering if you guys could talk a little bit about how you track your customer data, customer behavior and if you ever thought about something along the lines of the loyalty program or rewards program, even private label credit. It would be helpful to know what your thoughts on those things. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure, Omar. Yes, we periodically look at various programs like loyalty program, credit card, et cetera, and it's something we'll continue to look at. But our experience, and what's worked for us, I would say, over many years is to keep it simple and to focus on having the right assortment and great values. And at least all of our customer research tell us more than anything else. That's what the off-price customer cares about, and that's what's going to drive our loyalty over time, quite apart from any sort of loyalty program on the side. It's really all about the right assortment and great values. And if I just think about the most recent quarter, it's clear that in Q1, we didn't miss opportunities because we didn't have a loyalty program. If we missed opportunities that was because we may have had some assortment misses. 
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: So as mentioned, comps slowed 1% to 2% from the end of last year. I guess, what I'm going to ask is how much of that do you think is because of the ladies' apparel assortment issue? And how much is that you mentioned a couple of times that you correctly predicted the consumer was a little bit soft? So is this all because of the ladies' issue? Is it a little bit of both? And then I will have a follow-up to that. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. It's hard for us to say. I would say that what we typically try and do in our business is focus on what we can control. And -- so it's not very helpful for us to sort of dwell on external things that we can't really do anything about. What we think we can do something about and what we could have done something about in Q1 is sort of making sure that we execute as well as possible, and that's really the focus rather than any external issues. 
Michael Baker: But did you see a similar slowdown that you saw in ladies' apparel? Do you see anything you can close that or any kind of slowdown in any other major categories? 
Unknown Executive: No. 
Barbara Rentler: No. Actually, we felt good about our home business, our shoe business, and we're pretty pleased with our junior business. So it really was ladies' apparel. 
Michael Baker: Okay, so that helps us triangulate that. But the follow-up question is, in the past -- and I understand that these things happen. You can't get the buying right every time. But how long does it typically take to fix it? Is it just you live with the bad buys for the season and then you hope the buy is better for the next season? Or can it be fixed inter season with some late buys right now? 
Barbara Rentler: So what I would say is that we're working to fix it as quickly as possible. So we are a 1,300 store chain. It takes a little bit of time, but we've done this before. And so that's why we have it built in our guidance. And we hope to do so [ph]. 
Michael Baker: It wouldn't last into the next season because that's a different buy, presumably? 
Barbara Rentler: Yes, obviously, that's a fair -- you're saying just pure product to product? 
Michael Baker: Correct. 
Barbara Rentler: Yes, I would say that's a fair assessment. 
Operator: Your next question is from Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: I just want to dig in a little bit to what was going on at the store level away from women's. Are you finding that when she's coming into the store, if she's just not finding what she wants in women's, she's moving into home? And with that in mind -- or into non-apparel, with that in mind, could you shed any light on how the accessories business, handbags and jewelry, what have you -- how that business did? And any insights you have as to what might be driving up the UPT? Is it a function of fewer trips, buying more when she comes in or just great product that she has to have everything? 
Barbara Rentler: Okay, Marni, that's a few different things I would say, as she's coming into the store, in Q1 if she wasn't buying ladies' apparel based on our performance in home and in shoes and other areas of the company that she bought other products. And in terms of accessories, our accessory business is still difficult, really, based on our handbag business, in particular, which is pretty of the industry-wide issue. In terms of UPT, Michael? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes -- no, so Marni, the UPT has grown for us for a while. It helped drive our comp last year, and our perspective is that the consumer is coming in and we have great bargains in the store and they're buying more per transaction. It's hard to delineate the pieces of that. 
Marni Shapiro: Yes, I know I guess that makes. And then just on like-for-like items, your pricing has remained if I recall and I think you mentioned -- sorry, I'm trying to do 2 at once, but your pricing has remained fairly stable like-for-like, sweater for sweater, bag for bag kind of thing? 
Barbara Rentler: The AUR? 
Marni Shapiro: Yes. 
Barbara Rentler: I would say the AUR sweater for sweater might be the same, the value might be better. So when there's a lot of supply in the market, and you get close outs on, say, better or branded product that you could put out at a lower retail, the AUR could be the same, but the value could be significantly better. 
Marni Shapiro: Fair. And just 1 last follow-up on that note. Are you finding that -- I mean, there's a lot of inventory out there. Have you been able to open vendors that you haven't been able to get into before over the course of the last couple of months and even 6 months? 
Barbara Rentler: I would say that the vendor community is pretty much open to doing business with us everywhere. I mean here. 
Operator: Your next question is from Roxanne Meyer from MKM. 
Roxanne Meyer: Two questions. One, I'm just wondering what your 2Q guidance maybe your 3Q guidance assumes about merchandise margin decline related to getting out of some of the women's apparel that's not working. And then secondly, as it relates to the Midwest markets, it's been outperforming for about 9 quarters now. Just wondering what it is that's really driving the outperformance and whether or not you see that continuing. 
Michael Hartshorn: Roxanne, on guidance. So we'd only give -- we only give one quarter at a time. We'll talk about Q3 after the second quarter. But the second quarter guidance assumes some increase in merchandise margin for the quarter. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then on the Midwest, Roxanne, yes, as you say, we're very happy with how the Midwest has performed, not just in Q1, but over the last couple of years. It's been one of our top-performing regions. When we entered the Midwest in 2011, we said it would be a very successful business, but it would take time. And we're certainly very pleased with the progress so far. I think it's about having the right values in front of the customer. So we're very pleased with how we've done in the Midwest. 
Operator: Your next question is from David Mann from Johnson Rice. 
David Mann: In terms of the comment you made about the ladies' issue being included in guidance, I guess, I see that your full year guidance seemed to have gone up equal to the amount of the beat in the first quarter. So where in the guidance for the rest of the year would we would see changes in assumptions for this ladies' issue? And what else might have -- you have changed to offset any impact from that? 
Michael Hartshorn: So David, what, I think, we're saying is we could -- we're going -- we expect to achieve our original guidance despite the ladies' issue because that's what happened for the full year. We raised our full year guidance by the $0.01 in the quarter. 
David Mann: And I guess, I'm curious where -- what would be some of the factors that might give you that confidence that you would be able to offset that? 
Michael O'Sullivan: We were able to in the first quarter. So in the first quarter, we hit the high end of our comp guidance of 2% despite the issues that Barbara has described on the ladies' side probably because there were other businesses that did very well. So if you play that out over the year, we feel good about our original guidance. 
David Mann: Very good. And then 1 other question on the wages issue. Do you have an initial thoughts on the potential impact on [indiscernible] overtime regulation? How it might affect your business? 
Unknown Executive: So we've looked at it, and any impact at all would be nonmaterial and we're comfortable with our guidance as we go forward. 
Operator: The next question is from Randy Konik with Jefferies. 
Randal Konik: Quick questions. I just want to clarify when you make the comment the issues are embedded in the guidance. What does that mean exactly for the ladies' apparel? Does that mean that assumes it stays at the single trend it was in the first quarter or even assumes some incremental degradation in the category? Just can we get some, I guess, first color there. And then just a little bit more around the execution side comments. Can you just get a little more clarity what you exactly mean part of the execution? Was it some sort of systems issue, just bought the wrong things, got it in the wrong stores at the wrong time? Just a little bit more of meat on the bone of what the actual issue is? 
Michael Hartshorn: Randy, on the guidance, just to repeat what Barbara said earlier, the issues are going to take some time to fix, and we're focused on, as an organization, to try to get that done quickly. Despite that, like in the first quarter, we obviously missed some opportunities, thought we could have done better, thought we could have beat our original guidance. The guidance going forward is unchanged, and we hope we can do better. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the execution issues in ladies', really, it's a mix issue. We just -- we bought wrong products in fabrications, in colors, we just didn't transition into spring product appropriately. 
Randal Konik: Okay. And then your outlook for merchandise margin already accounts for potential -- the issues around this category, right? So everything you feel for the second quarter guidance, you're properly accounting for the issue to be this ladies' apparel issue to stay kind of confined, is that correct? 
Michael Hartshorn: That's correct. 
Unknown Executive: Yes. 
Barbara Rentler: That's correct. 
Randal Konik: Okay. And then, I guess, lastly how should we be thinking about some of the items that we're seeing out there in the marketplace around different geographic performance? One of your competitor had, I guess, more strength in traffic trends versus you talk more about the basket size driving the comp. What do you think is a little bit of a difference in maybe the varying traffic trends you might have seen versus others? 
Barbara Rentler: I think, as I said before, I believe that when our assortments in ladies' apparel are up to standards, the customer comes to expect. That probably makes us a less compelling place to shop, and that would affect our traffic trends. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And also, I mean, there are some other factors and we were up against very strong prior year comparisons, which I think you always have to look at that when you're comparing our performance with other retailers. And then you also factor in the point Barbara has been making about the ladies' apparel business being a pretty important business and a pretty key driver of traffic. You take those two things together. I think that explains why our traffic has held off a little bit in the first quarter. 
Randal Konik: So you were you able to comment -- are you able to lastly -- on last question here is, are you able to see that potentially in tracking, let's say, customer visits per quarter where you're saying if a customer stood in the store month one of the quarter, she loves what she sees, she's probably going to be back a month later or something. You said you saw visits per store, per person, per quarter in the quarter decelerate the same person? Did you see that? Were you able to see that or tracked the credit card data to look at that? 
Michael O'Sullivan: No. We can't. Our business doesn't lend itself to that kind of sort of -- it would be quite interesting, but our business doesn't lend itself that kind of scientific approach. When we met a traffic just to be clear, we are measuring number of transactions. So we're not looking at actual visits. We don't have the capability to track actual visits, we're looking at number of transactions and we use that as a proxy for traffic, but it's an imperfect proxy. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-29 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2014 Form 10-K, Fiscal 2015 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Balmuth, Executive Chairman; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Senior Director, Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with a review of our fourth quarter and 2015 performance, followed by our outlook for 2016. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 
 As noted in today's press release, we are pleased with our sales and earnings results for the fourth quarter, which exceeded our expectations despite the highly promotional holiday selling environment. Additionally, we faced our most challenging sales comparisons from the prior year. Our results were driven by the competitive values we offered on a wide assortment of name-brand bargains and gifts throughout our stores. 
 Earnings per share for the fourth quarter grew 10% to $0.66 on net earnings that rose 6% to $264 million. Sales for the quarter increased 7% to $3,251,000,000, with comparable store sales up 4% on top of last year's 6% gain. For the 2015 fiscal year, earnings per share grew 14% to $2.51 on top of strong multiyear increases. Net earnings rose 10% to $1,021,000,000, with comparable sales up 4% for the year.
 dd's DISCOUNTS also posted better-than-expected gains in sales and operating profit for both the quarter and year, as customers continued to respond positively to their value offering. missy sportswear was the best-performing merchandise category at Ross for the fourth quarter while the Midwest was the strongest region. 
 Our fourth quarter operating margin of 12.7% was down from last year as improved merchandise margins and strong expense control were more than offset by the timing of packaway-related costs. For the full year, however, we are pleased that operating margin increased 10 basis points to a record 13.6%. As we ended 2015, total consolidated inventories were up 3% over the prior year, with packaway levels at 47% of total inventories compared to 45% last year. Average in-store inventories were down approximately 2% at year-end. 
 During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 3.2 million shares of common stock for a total price of $170 million. For the full year, we repurchased 13.7 million shares for an aggregate price of $700 million. We expect to complete the $700 million remaining under our current 2-year $1.4 billion program by the end of fiscal 2016. As noted in today's release, our board recently approved an increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $0.135 per share, up 15% on top of an 18% increase last year. 
 The continued growth of our shareholder payouts reflects our ongoing confidence in the company's ability to generate significant amounts of cash after funding our growth and the other capital needs of our business. We have repurchased stock as planned every year since 1993 and raised our cash dividend annually since its inception in 1994. This consistent record reflects our unwavering commitment to enhancing stockholder value and return. 
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our 2015 results and details on our fiscal 2016 full year and first quarter guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Let's start with our fourth quarter results. Our 4% comparable store sales gain was driven by a combination of higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket. As Barbara mentioned, while full year operating margin was up 10 basis points compared to last year, fourth quarter operating margin declined 45 basis points to 12.7%. 
 Cost of goods sold increased 75 basis points in the quarter, driven by 100 basis points of higher distribution expenses due to the timing of packaway-related costs that benefited earnings earlier in the year. Freight and buying expenses also rose 15 and 5 basis points, respectively. These increases were partially offset by merchandise margin improvement of 35 basis points from the prior year and 10 basis points of lower occupancy costs. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses during the period improved by 30 basis points, benefiting from strong cost control and leverage on the 4% comparable store sales increase. Our tax rate for the quarter was lower than expected due to the passage of federal tax credit legislation and also the favorable resolution of a state tax matter. 
 Let's turn now to our guidance for the upcoming quarter and year. Earnings per share for fiscal 2016 are forecast to be in the range of $2.59 to $2.71, up 3% to 8% from $2.51 in fiscal 2015. The operating statement assumptions for fiscal 2016 include the following. Total sales are forecast to grow 4% to 5% on a comparable store sales increase of 1% to 2%. We expect to add about 70 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores. 
 If same-store sales are in line with our guidance of up 1% to 2%, then we would project operating margin for 2016 to be 13.5% to 13.7%. This forecast calls for a slight increase in merchandise margins that would offset some deleveraging on operating costs. Net interest expense is estimated to be $17 million. Our tax rate is projected to be approximately 37% to 38%. We expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 395 million. Capital expenditures in 2016 are projected to be approximately $425 million, and depreciation and amortization expense, inclusive of stock-based amortization, is forecast to be about $385 million, up from $346 million in 2015. 
 Lastly, our guidance includes our plans to raise the minimum wage for eligible hourly associates to $10 per hour in the second quarter of 2016, up from the current $9 minimum.  These wage adjustments will help keep us competitive in our hiring practices and enhance our ability to retain talented associates to provide the shopping experience our customers have come to expect. 
 Let's move now to our first quarter guidance. We are projecting same-store sales to be up 1% to 2% and earnings per share to be flat to up 4% at $0.69 to $0.72. 
 Following are the assumptions that support this range. Total sales are projected to increase 4% to 5%. We expect to open 22 new Ross and 6 dd's DISCOUNTS locations during the quarter. 
 First quarter operating margin is projected to be 15.0% to 15.2% compared to last year's 15.7%. The forecasted decline is mainly from the timing of packaway-related costs that benefited the first quarter last year and also the impact of a new distribution center that opened in the second quarter of 2015. 
 In addition, net interest expense for the quarter is estimated to be about $4.5 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 38% to 39%, and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be around 400 million. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. We are very pleased with our strong performance in 2015 as we were once again able to convert our better-than-expected revenue gains into solid double-digit earnings per share growth. These results are due to the resilience of our off-price business model and are a testament to the talented people we have throughout our organization. They have demonstrated once again their ability to deliver compelling bargains to our customers, which will always be the key to success in our business. 
 As we move into 2016, we are well positioned to take advantage of the best opportunities in the marketplace. However, we continue to face our own challenging multiyear sales and earnings comparison. And with the increasing uncertain and volatile macroeconomic climate, it doesn't appear that the retail landscape will get any less competitive or promotional in 2016. So while we hope to do better, we believe it's prudent to maintain a conservative posture when forecasting our business for this year. 
 As we look ahead over the longer term, we remain confident in our ability to deliver average annual earnings per share gain in the low double-digit percentage range. This view is rooted in our belief that the off-price sector will remain a strong performing segment of retail, especially given consumers' ongoing focus on values. Equally important is our proven ability over time to maximize our favorable industry position by delivering the exceptional values our customers have come to expect. 
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Binetti from UBS. 
Michael Binetti: Would you help us think about the timing shift that you pointed to with the merch margins up and the packaway, I guess, taking away a little bit of that merch margin upside that we saw and how to think about those dynamics as we roll forward into the -- at least into the first half of 2016, please? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. So as we mentioned on the call -- Michael, it's Michael Hartshorn. For the quarter, it impacted us by about 100 basis points. And to walk through that timing of what happened during the year. Q1, we got about a $0.03 benefit last year; Q3, we've got about $0.01; and then Q4 when $0.05 was a charge to earnings. So as we think about it going forward, in the first quarter, as we called out in our guidance, we expect some headwind in the first quarter. It's hard to predict how it will fall out during the rest of the year, and that's based on market availability of merchandise. 
Michael Binetti: Right. And it sounds like the -- you're pleased with the inventory available in the channel in the quarter, as you head into the first half of the year. I'm trying to think about areas where you perhaps -- that will see -- as we walk around the stores here in the first quarter, where are some of the areas that we're going to see that you found to be more readily available perhaps than you thought as we get into the year? 
Barbara Rentler: Actually, I think the availability, Michael, is pretty broad-based. I mean, it's really -- when you think about the sectors of the market where business was difficult, it's apparel and it's home. So we feel that the opportunity is in all businesses. 
Michael Binetti: Okay. And then if I could just sneak in one final one. Obviously, we get a lot of questions about new entrants coming into off-price, and everyone seems focused on getting their fair share of the growth that you talked about and the optimism you have in the category longer term. In the markets where you have seen a rising count of competitors that would fall somehow into the off-price umbrella, would you mind talking about sales dynamics that your -- the competitive dynamics that you've seen in those markets? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Michael, it's Michael O'Sullivan. We really haven't seen any impact at this point. If you think about the size of some of those new off-price entrants that's not too surprising, that is too small to have made much of an impact. But I guess I'd say more broadly, we try not to get too distracted by what other companies are doing and what new entrants are coming into the market. We operate in a very competitive marketplace, and we try and focus on what we're good at and to make the best use of the advantages and strengths that we have. And as we look at the fourth quarter, the 4% comp on top of the 6% comp last year suggests that we're doing pretty well in that regard. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Omar Saad from Evercore ISI. 
Omar Saad: I was wondering if you could -- you mentioned the promotional environment a few times in your prepared remarks. I was wondering if you could elaborate on that a little bit. Are you seeing any impact on your customers or the marketplace given the broader more promotional environment in the quarter? I mean, obviously, a really good comp, merchandise margins up. But how do you see that impacting the business? Or what are you concerned about how that might affect how consumers behave -- your customers behave in 2016? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, I think the increased promotional environment, I think what we saw in the fourth quarter, especially in the department store sector is what we're going to see as we continue through 2016. I think what it means for the customer, what it means for us -- I mean, obviously, we're not economists, so we can't determine what the customer is thinking. But I think what it means to us and our business is that we need to continue to deliver great value. And so value is something that moves based of what goes on in department stores and specialty stores. So we need to make sure that we do 2 things: that we stay very liquid so that we're there and can maximize on closeout opportunities, and those closeout opportunities then have to be at the right value. And since that moves, that gives us the flexibility to deliver the values that the customers want. 
Omar Saad: Okay. But to be fair, it seems like -- and tell me if I'm reading this wrong. It seems like, thus far, your business has held up really well, and you haven't seen kind of any negative detrimental impacts from just how promotional it was in the holiday quarter. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, that's because we went into the quarter with 2 things. We went into the quarter with very strong packaway values, and we also -- we exceeded our sales expectations, so we also chased a big part of that through closeouts. And the key to delivering value to the customer is understanding what goes on around you. So you really need to have liquidity just to make sure that you keep that relationship so that the customer is satisfied. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Jaffe from Stifel. 
Richard Jaffe: Appreciate all the color on the packaway, and that seems to be the gift that's going to keep on giving as we go into 2016. Looking at the product in the warehouse, do you see more quarters -- or quarters that will be more impacted by packaway or less, that is, say, maybe you have gloves that will come out in November or swimsuits that will come out in August? Any direction or is it evenly balanced on a quarterly basis or seasonal basis, I should say? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Richard, I would say it's fairly evenly balanced. Nothing to call out on a quarter-by-quarter basis. 
Richard Jaffe: That's helpful. And despite the environment and the competitive pressure we talked about earlier, looking into 2016, your caution remains. And is that the same old issues that, let's say, we've talked about before, the competitive pressure, department stores discounting? Or are there new things that are fueling your caution despite the high level of success in tremendous headwind? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Richard, I'd say it's partly a mix of new, partly a mixture of old things that sort of bubble up, I think, to 2 main factors. The first is the sort of the uncertainty in the macroeconomic and retail environment. And I know you've heard us say that before, but this year seems to have gotten off to an especially wobbly start in terms of the economy. So that's one reason for precaution. And then the other is our own top multiyear comparisons. And again, you've heard us say that before. But again, if I just compare this coming quarter Q1 versus last year, we're up against a 5% comp. So again, a reason to be cautious there in our guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Drbul from Nomura. 
Robert Drbul: I just have a couple of questions, I think. On the geographical performance, can you comment a little bit on the West Coast business, how you did in Texas and in the Southwest? And I just wondered if you could maybe comment on how some of the outerwear businesses did throughout the quarter for you. 
Michael Hartshorn: On geographic performance, Bob, as we mentioned, the Midwest continues to be our strongest region. That's been true over the last 8 quarters. California, our largest region, also performed ahead of the chain average. And I think you also asked about Texas. Texas was relatively in line with the chain on top of very strong comps last year when it was one of our top-performing regions. 
Barbara Rentler: And as it pertains to outwear, outerwear performed below company average, as you would expect, based off the weather and not dissimilar to other retailers. 
Robert Drbul: Great. Can you just comment on how you plan freight for 2016 as a cost going forward? 
Michael Hartshorn: We do see in freight some cost increases, carry rate increases, but it's -- just up slightly over 2015 is what we had on plan. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So new store productivity in the quarter looks a little lighter than in the past where we've seen it. Can you just talk about performance in your latest store openings versus some of the more mature stores? Are there any timing shifts which maybe could have impacted this quarter? And then just as a reminder, what comps do you guys see from new stores in the first 3 years versus the chain? And what's the average payback period? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On new store productivity, there's nothing to talk about in the quarter. There's always a mix of whether you're opening new market stores or existing market stores. We have said in the past that the overall new store productivity has come down over the last couple of years with our entry into the Midwest and also our dd's expansion. That said, you can see the Midwest continues to be our strongest comping market as we continue to gain name recognition there. What we usually see on the comp curve is over the first 5 years, we comp faster than the chain, and we settle into about the chain average in year 5. Overall, we'll put about $1.5 million of capital and working capital into a store, and the payback is about 2 years. 
Matthew Boss: And then just one quick follow-up on that. When would you anticipate entering the Northeast? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Not for a little while. We entered the Midwest about 4 years ago now. And the Midwest is a fairly big region, so we feel like we've got plenty of opportunities to build out that region. That's probably going to keep us going certainly for the next few -- the next several years, so it's going to be some time before we enter the Northeast. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen from Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: Regarding the year ahead, as you are making these investments in labor, what are the major corporate strategies you're thinking about in terms of in-store execution opportunities with shrink or how you may think about the ratio of tops to bottoms or other opportunities like micro merchandising? And then I just had a question for modeling. On the basket, can we assume that merch margin, like AUR -- was AUR up as merch margins were up? I'm just curious about the dynamic there. 
Michael Hartshorn: So I'll start with the components of comp, Oliver. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, the 4% comp was driven by a combination of higher transactions, which, for us, that's our proxy for traffic; and an increase in the size of the average basket. The higher basket was driven both by higher units per transaction and AUR was up a bit a well -- as well. So all the components were up over last year, and that's pretty consistent with the trend we've seen throughout the year in 2015. 
Barbara Rentler: And Oliver, as it pertains to tops to bottoms, we wouldn't talk about that in this form. 
Oliver Chen: Okay. And what about labor and how you're staffing stores? And any efficiencies that you can drive just as we think about incremental year-over-year opportunities? Because your execution has just been stellar, so if you're able to share with us any corporate strategies there, it would help us just illuminate how we think about your numbers next year. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Oliver, as Michael Hartshorn mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are going to be making further wage rate adjustments this year, including taking up the minimum hourly rate to $10 per eligible associate in the second quarter. And those costs, to be clear, are built into our guidance. Now as we put together -- we have a very detailed and rigorous budgeting process, as you might expect. And as we went through the budget for this year, we look to lots of different areas that we could go after to try and capture efficiencies and offset some of those increased expenses -- increased wage expenses. There wasn't one big silver bullet. There were lots and lots of small savings initiatives that will add up to a lot, and it's all the things you'd expect. Some of them are reengineering processes in the stores to better utilize labor hours. But there's also things like looking for savings in terms of services and supplies that we purchase from the outside, looking for higher productivity in our DCs, looking for opportunities to trim non-merchant G&A. There's a whole bunch of, I would say, relatively small savings opportunities that add up to a lot and have allowed us to cover the wage rate increases that Michael Hartshorn mentioned earlier. 
Oliver Chen: Okay. And just finally, on the merch margins, it's great that you're making progress there. What's the rationale for you being able to have that attractive view of merch margins going forward in the context of some of your conservatism about how the marketplace looks? 
Michael Hartshorn: Well, let me start by talking about fourth quarter. So fourth quarter, we obviously outperformed the high end of our comp sales targets, so that meant we had faster inventory turns resulting in lower markdowns. We also benefited from our ability to take advantage of buying opportunities in the marketplace. So both of those factors really contributed to better-than-planned merchandise margin. Now what we said in our guidance is we expect merchandise margin up slightly for the year. We did operate with lower inventories throughout 2015 and ended at down 2% on an average store basis. And we'd expect to operate a bit lower in 2016 as well, and that should drive some margin improvement. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tunick from Royal Bank of Canada. 
Brian Tunick: Curious, if you look at the merchandise mix of the business this past year and then you think 3 years from now, what do you think would be the biggest changes? Would it be home growing faster than the rest of the business? Would it be gifts and beauty? Just curious if there's any categories you see moving over the next couple of years from where they are today. And then the second question, really on new customer acquisition or your marketing initiatives. Anything you could share with us, if you've done any work or studies over the last 12, 18 months about your sort of where your customers are coming from or what they're saying about Ross right now? 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. Brian, in terms of the merchandise mix, we basically see growth in all our areas. If I had to select one area, I would say probably home would be that area. We've got a lot of initiatives going on in there. And gift was a big portion of our fourth quarter success in home this year, so if I had to pick one, it would be home. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then, Brian, on your second piece about the customers and the new customers specifically, our new customers, frankly, look a lot like our existing customers. We are -- as we do research on the demographics of customers and what they're looking for, the new customers' demographically look very similar. What all our customers have in common no matter what the demographics is they're all looking for great values and great bargains. So in terms of making sure that we can attract more customers and retain customers, our main focus is having the best assortments we can, the best value that we can offer. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Glick from Buckingham Research. 
David Glick: I wanted to go back to some of the differences that you were talking about between 2016 and 2015. One important difference seems like the department stores missed their plans by a much more significant margin in the fourth quarter, assuming they're deep, a lot more packaway opportunity as a result. And they're also pulling back more aggressively on their receipts that they plan for 2016. So it does feel like they are being a little more conservative with their sales and receipt plans, particularly in the second half of this year. And I'm just wondering, how does that scenario play out for you guys? And what are the pluses and minuses given kind of what you see -- if I've characterized it correctly, what you see today? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, from the supply side, department stores have pulled back over the last couple of years in total in how they plan. But it's not about how you plan it, it's really about the sales that materialize and the rate at which you spend your receipt money. So as you look at where the department stores ended in January, most of them ended with more inventory and, clearly, ended with more clearance. And so as we enter into the spring season, one would expect that there would be a bubble of inventory that we would see in spring, which we could use to fuel the spring. And back to your point on packaway, that would help us drive through packaway. So it's relative to how department stores plan. It's relative to how the vendors plan with department stores and how much risk they're willing to take. So we do feel there are trends -- there will be opportunities in the marketplace. As long as traditional retailers continue to perform the way they're performing, you would think that there'll be more opportunities there. So from that perspective on the supply side, we feel good, which is why we're keeping ourselves liquid and feel we're well positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in the marketplace. 
David Glick: And if department stores' inventories are more in line in the back half and -- I mean, they're always promotional, obviously. But if they're not in as much of a liquidation-type scenario as they were in the fourth quarter of 2015, how does that impact your business? Is that an opportunity on the merchandise margin front? I'm just trying to think through what -- if that's potential opportunity as well. 
Barbara Rentler: So just on the -- back to the supply line. Sales are the key contributors to what happens with excess inventory. So sales are not stable in the world. The sales -- if you look at sales, they've been volatile, and you're watching department stores drop down. So again, receipts versus sales are 2 different scenarios. That's what creates that bubble. In terms of margin, obviously, chasing closeouts and keeping tight inventory control helps us to get better position and to improve our merchandise margin. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And the other thing I'd say, David, is when it's less promotional, clearly, we have more price differentiation, we can offer better value. That tends to be better for us. But as you look at this year, certainly, the way this year has started, there are a lot of sort of economic uncertainty out there, and who's to say whether or not the department stores are going to hit their sales plans later this year or not. Anything can happen, which is why it makes sense for us to be relatively cautious as we plan our business for the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro from The Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: I remember many, many years ago when off-price is to be the least respected space and now it's like the most coveted space out there. It's kind of nice. I guess, I have 2 quick questions on dd's. The first is as I wasn't sure, do you do packaways at dd's? And will you break out the percent if you do? And you have a new president in place in dd's and the business is doing well. I guess, you're opening about the same amount of stores each year. I guess, what do you need to see to take it to the next level of store openings at dd's? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So thank you for your respect, Marni. 
Marni Shapiro: You've always had my respect. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So on dd's, a couple of quick answers to your q&a part of your question. Yes, dd's does indeed, use packaway, and no, we don't break it out, just because, yes, dd's is a relatively small part of the corporation, so we don't break out, disclose that information. On the second part of your question, what would we need to see, actually we're kind of already seeing it. We're pretty happy with dd's performance over the last several years. We've kind of been in a pattern here with dd's, with better than expected gains in sales and profits over -- a few years now. So we opened just over 20 new dd's stores a year, which on a base of 170 stores, is quite a big growth rate. So I don't think you should expect that we're going to ramp that up significantly, maybe in a given year, it could go up to 25, but it's not going to increase dramatically. Our history, as you know, because you've been following us for a long time, is that we're relatively conservative as we grow our business, as we've grown Ross, and we'll apply the same thinking as we grow dd's. So the -- opening stores of 20 to 25 new stores a year is probably the right planning assumption. 
Marni Shapiro: That seems fair. And I guess along the same lines as growing the organization along with the stores, Ross always had many more buyers than your largest competitor for many years. You had an impressive merchandising staff considering the size of the store base. How do we -- how should I think about that at dd's? Has the merchandising staff and buying staff, is it much bigger relative to the size of dd's? Are you fully staffed there or is that still going to be a growing part of the business? 
Michael O'Sullivan: It's very much the same model as you just described for Ross. We believe it's fundamentally an off-price, having the strongest buying team is a key competitive advantage and that applies to Ross and to dd's. So dd's -- have -- we've invested in dd's buying team over the last several years, and we've built a very strong asset there. Actually, I didn't really answer -- you had asked a question earlier about Brian Morrow joining. I think enhancing and strengthening the merchant leadership has also been a part of the investment that we've made. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: So I just wanted to follow up real quickly on the wages issue, the move from $9 to $10. Could you, did you and if you didn't, could you quantify what kind of impact that will have on your total cost structure this year, and how that might compare with any increases that you took in 2015? 
Michael Hartshorn: We didn't quantify the impact because what we said is, we've been able to substantially mitigate those costs. As Michael O'Sullivan referred to before, that was there are numerous cost efficiency projects than frankly -- no silver bullets. The savings came from many different projects across many areas of the business, non-payroll and payroll-related activities, so given that we've offset them in the guidance and offset them in 2015, we haven't quantified the impacts. 
Michael Baker: So with all the offsets, a similar impact in '15 versus '16? In other words, impacts that you can manage to offset? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. And I would say, remember, we went to $9 last year and $10 this year, so the impact's actually larger in '16 than it was in '15. 
Michael Baker: But still, you're able to offset it? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, Mike, within the guidance, yes. 
Michael Baker: Okay. Second -- just another quick one. Did the earnings growth, how does it pace throughout the year? So we see the full year, we see the first quarter, so some quarter throughout the year is going to be have to be better than the first quarter, and with the wage increase coming in the second half of the year, I would think that, that would impact that, then again, the packaway thing is reserving, so I guess, which quarter should be bigger than others, in terms of earnings growth? 
Michael Hartshorn: So we  only give one quarter at the time. It's really going to be driven by sales. I mean, that's the impact, the biggest impact on earnings. But we wouldn't quantify the quarters until we get to the conference call previous to the quarter. 
Michael Baker: Understood, yes. You're guiding to the same comp growth throughout the year, which is why I wanted to understand why the earnings growth would be different. But okay, I guess, we can figure that out in our own model. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Mann from Johnson Rice. 
David Mann: Question, or a couple of questions on the balance sheet. The inventory growth in the fourth quarter was only like 3%, up 3%, which was the slowest growth all year, which seems a little counterintuitive, given the abundant availability merchandise that we all are hearing about. So I'm curious if you can reconcile that, it's the reason you weren't more aggressive with taking advantage of the availability or we see availability, maybe not as strong as we are all thinking? 
Barbara Rentler: No, David, there is availability in the market. But as you're talking about buying packaway, there's few things involved with buying packaway. There is price, there is a value, there is the timing of delivery. So when we went in there and assessed what we bought, we ended at 47% versus 45%, so we were comfortable with that number, and we'll continue to buy goods as we come across, using that same criteria, understanding where we believe value will go in the future. 
David Mann: Okay. And then, one other balance sheet item. The accounts payable leverage has been trending down all year. It's -- even though you're obviously turning the merchandise pretty fast, Michael, anything you can share on that, about why that's going down and where we would think that would go, perhaps in '16? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, I think in '16, it would be similar levels to this year. At year-end, there was a timing difference. If you recall, last year, we had the port disruption in -- as part of our mitigation efforts, we brought in inventory early that had a brought up leverage last year, so we were up against that compare. But really, it's a function of timing of receipts, including packaway receipts. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Barbara, I just wanted to follow up on David's question regarding the 3% growth in inventory in the fourth quarter. Would the right conclusion be -- based on the comments that you just made, that your view of where the value, or where they -- maybe the market price of goods is going in the short term, might be down, and so you were basically holding back, committing to packaway goods given your cautious outlook? And then, as a result of that, your view would then be, you might be able to in fact buy even more goods in the February, March, even April time frame, relative to those that you could acquire in November and December? Is that the right read on the situation? 
Barbara Rentler: I think the way I would look at this situation is, whenever we buy packaway, whether it was this past fourth quarter, or any fourth quarter, those are the metrics we look at: Price, value, timing of when we want to bring it in. So we're just going through the same process we normally go through. So when we went out, and there were goods available, we went to see if we thought it met the criteria where we thought we are going. And in some places, you're assuming that the vendors have merchandise they're going to move on in price, right? So sometimes, vendors move on the price based off of their needs. It's the end of a quarter, the end of a half. So there's a lot of variables that we can't control. The only thing I can say is that we bought what we thought was appropriate. We ended with 47% versus 45%. We feel comfortable with that number and ultimately, we're only going to buy what we think is the right price. And your packaway's very hard to nail down. In a quarter, in the OM, there has to be -- there is some art to buying packaway. You have to feel comfortable that after you put that in there, and when you go to bring that out, whether it's 4 months later, 8 months later, 6 months later, depending on the product, that the value is right. So there's a lot of variables that we can't determine as we're out in the marketplace, but that's really what the buyers do every day of the week. So that was really our assessment in the fourth quarter of how we felt about packaway. Now whether vendors will move off the price as we get further into the next season, maybe, maybe some people will hold inventory over. I can't answer those questions for the vendors. I can only answer what we feel comfortable in doing, which is same thing we've done every season. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. And just one follow up to that. Do you -- the vendors in general seem to have a somewhat challenging 2015, including a tough Q4. Were you hearing from any of your vendors that they thought, maybe there might be a change in strategy, opportunity in 2016 or a different way to approach their own inventory management? Do they reveal that information to you? And do you have any color on perhaps what may be happening broadly among the vendor community that you might be able to share in this forum? 
Barbara Rentler: Yes. Not really, Kimberly. I mean, vendors aren't going to be quick to be telling us that they're going to have more or less inventory. So it's really -- each vendor does their own thing, and so I can't really determine that, to be honest with you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Hofkin from William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just a couple of quick questions. So thinking about, beyond, and I know you haven't given guidance for next year yet, is it fair to say that you would likely expect further wage increases beyond this year, similar to what your largest competitor has discussed? And I guess, related to that, what enables you beyond this year to kind of get to the low double digit, sort of normalized EPS growth, given that this year's wage increases, that you're offsetting them in a number of ways on SG&A. And then I have one follow up. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Daniel, as you say, next year, no, we haven't released guidance for 2017 yet. But I think we've said before that we would expect that over the next few years, if the economy or if the economy picks up, that we may see more expense pressures, not just us, but in general, companies and retailers will face more expense pressures, including higher wage rates. Obviously, as we start to plan 2017, which won't be for some time, but as we start to plan for 2017, we'll start to look at what are the kinds of things that we can put in place to offset those kinds of expense pressures. Too early to comment on those now, but that's the kind of process that we would go through. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay, is there any, just big picture theme, in terms of like, that allows you to get to more normalized low double-digit EPS growth over time? 
Michael Hartshorn: Well, just to be clear, I mean, we ended the year with EPS up 14%, despite the wage increase on the 4 comps. And certainly, in between a 3 and 4 comp, we think we can get to double-digit EPS growth over the longer term. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And it's worth underlining that point. Our guidance this year is obviously 1% to 2% comp, and that's what's driving the EPS guidance. As Michael Hartshorn just said, in a more normalized comp, I think we've said in the past that our long term model includes a 3% to 4%, comp. At those levels, we expect low double-digit EPS growth. 
Daniel Hofkin: That's helpful. And then as it relates to AUR, in a slightly different trend for you versus the main competitor, any comment there in terms of what -- I know it's presumably not in the inflation, there's probably some mix there, but what's driving this, the moderately higher AUR for you guys versus the other company? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, I mean for us it's a bit of mix, but also, we continue to operate with lower inventory levels, which means we're taking markdowns, we're turning faster, and it has an impact on AUR you saw on higher prices. I'd say so between those 2 mix and our lower markdowns is what's driving the higher AUR. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez from Citi. 
Paul Lejuez: Guys, just wondering, as far as CapEx, once we look beyond this year, is there anything lumpy we need to be thinking about over the next several years? It might be on your radar screen that you can share with us. And also, just thinking about separately where are your customers cross-shopping? Which retailers do you see the most overlap with? And curious if you've looked at, when you see a big box department store retailer close, what sort of a lift do you get in nearby stores if, in fact, you take a look at that? 
Michael Hartshorn: Paul, on capital, at least over the next couple of years, it'll look very similar to what we said for 2016. Call it 4 25 to 4 50 range, I would say. So nothing extraordinary currently in our, our longer, or at least over the next couple of years. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And Paul, on the other 2 pieces of your question, customers, we operate in a very -- we operate on a pretty large and very competitively fragmented marketplace. So when we ask our customers if you haven't spent that $30 at Ross today, where would you have spent it? We get a long, long list of companies that they would have spent that money at. So from cross-shopping point of view, we're competing with everyone, which is why we need to make sure we have the best personal values out there. In terms of your... 
Paul Lejuez: What do you think tops that list? 
Michael O'Sullivan: It depends on the particular store, the particular market that we're looking at. Nationally, I think you could probably just pick our closest peers, and nationally, obviously, they would show up on that list. But the point I'm trying to make is, none of them account for a very large share of that list, that the list itself,  is very fragmented and spread between many, many competitors, which is why we need to make sure that we sharp versus all those competitors. The last part of your question though, big-box department stores going out of business, and how that affects any of our individual stores. It's really hard to say, because the truth is, that there are a lots of things that go into the business that an individual store does, including traffic levels to that strip mall, the competitive intensity in that strip mall. Sometimes actually having more off-price contenders, in that strip mall can actually be helpful. So it's hard to say whether or not a large retailer nearby going out of business helps us or hurts us. It depends who replaces them in that place, what happens to the traffic level in that strip mall, et cetera. 
Paul Lejuez: Got you. Just one more. Any changes in your store size for your openings next year as you manage inventories down? Just wondering if you're continuing to bring the size of the store down. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So the time that we brought down our average inventory per store by about 40% over the last several years does -- has presented us with a few opportunities to make the stores easier to shop, so we've certainly been doing that, expand into faster-growing or new categories, again, we've been doing that. And then as you're referencing, also to reduce the store size, obviously, that's feasible for new stores rather than existing stores, but we've also been doing that to some degree as well. So I would say that the lower inventory levels have given us the opportunity to do a number of things, with regard to the size of the store and how we use the space in the store. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roxanne Meyer from MKM Partners. 
Roxanne Meyer: My question is a follow-up on the Home category. I know that Barbara mentioned that over the next few years you would think about Home maybe presenting the best opportunity. And I'm just wondering how it performed in 4Q, and what opportunities do you see in 2016. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, Home performed better than the company, and it was really driven by gift giving in Q4. And the thing about the Home category is it's so broad-based, there's so many product classifications in there. It's -- when you think about it versus apparel, there's just more things to go into, which is why I feel that Home is a good category for us for grow. 
Roxanne Meyer: Okay, great. And just really quickly, what comp do you need in 2016 to leverage your fixed costs? 
Michael Hartshorn: You saw what we said in the past, Roxanne, and it hasn't changed for 2015. At 3 comp, we should be able to lever SG&A and 4 comp, for occupancy costs. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson from Merrill Lynch. 
Lorraine Maikis: Just wanted to clarify a comment that you made earlier on the call about the rough start to the year, and just confirm that you're talking about the overall macro, not Ross, specifically? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. To be clear, I was just referring to the fact that the overall economy, there seems to be a number of, sort of concerns and questions out there about the overall economy, and we don't know to what degree that will impact retail in our business over the coming 12 months. 
Lorraine Maikis: Great. And then as wages continue to rise, are there any investments to make in your distribution centers to maybe make them a little bit more efficient? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, that's actually one of the things, as we put together the budget for this year, as you'd expect, one of the things that we look at for any efficiencies, any areas of the DC, any processes in the DC that we can reengineer or automate, and certainly that's one of the areas that we've pursued in terms of coming up with offsetting savings. I would say it's just one of the areas. There are other areas in the company as well, such as stores, processes in stores, G&A, supply cost, et cetera, we've also looked aggressively at. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs. 
Stephen Grambling: Just wanted to make sure I'm clear on the gross margin packaway topic. This was one of the biggest swings as it relates to the impact on both of these in years. So can you just clarify some of the drivers of these factors, given the absolute percentage of packaway didn't seem to move much? 
Michael Hartshorn: So the absolute dollars of packaway did drop during the quarter, Stephen. So as we've talked about in the past, we capitalized the cost to the store and process packaway, including fixed cost. And for us, we charge gross margin or charge cost of goods sold when it sells. So for us, the absolute dollar value of packaway fell during the quarter, which means we had to take a charge and that was greater than the previous year. Of the 100 basis points of distribution center deleveraged in the quarter, all of that was related to the packaway time. 
Stephen Grambling: That's helpful. And then, an unrelated question. Some of your peers have had some pretty good success with loyalty programs. Can you just remind us about your own thinking there? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So we don't have any plans right now to launch a loyalty program. We're always willing to look at new ideas. But frankly, over time, we've found that the most effective way to build customer loyalty with the off-price customer is to consistently offer great deals, great bargains. So more than anything else, that's how we build loyalty. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Stein from North Coast Research. 
Jeffrey Stein: A quick question on the Junior category, that's historically been one of the stronger performing businesses for you, and no mention of it on the call. Just wondering how it performed. 
Barbara Rentler: Juniors performed in line with the chain average, and it was up against very strong comparison in the prior year. So we're pleased with the Junior business. 
Jeffrey Stein: Okay. And with regard to packaway, I'm just kind of curious, do you still have goods and inventory from the port slowdown last year? Because I would imagine that would be some pretty high-margin stuff that you could put out now, if you still have some? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, as it pertains to the mix -- you're talking about the actual mix we own in our program? It's hard to tell. I'm sorry, go ahead. 
Jeffrey Stein: No, I was going to say because yes, it depends on the mix that you have in your packaway, so I'm wondering what percent of your packaway, for example, might be goods that you bought during the spring, and perhaps early summer last year as a result of the port slowdown? And how much of that might flow through your P&L during the first quarter? 
Michael O'Sullivan: I would say, Jeff that most of the port issues were really in the first quarter of last year. And given that timing, I think there would be very little that we bought that long ago, that could still be in packaway. That said, the port slowdowns could have had some knock-on effects in terms of inventory that became available in subsequent quarters. It's hard for us identify and quantify that, but certainly, anything that we bought in more recent quarters could well  still be in [indiscernible]. 
Barbara Rentler: And so it's hard to tell at a certain point what was coming from just business being off in the department store sector, the supply that came from there and the supply that came from the port. After a while, it just became one large supply. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler. 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. Thank you for joining us today, and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-18 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2014 Form 10-K and fiscal 2015 Form 10-Q and 8-K is on file with the SEC.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Balmuth, Executive Chairman; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Group Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Senior Director of Investor Relations.
 We will begin our call today with a review of our third quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the fourth quarter. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As noted in today's press release, we are pleased with the better-than-expected sales and earnings growth we achieved in the third quarter. These results demonstrate that customers continue to respond positively to the wide assortments of fresh and exciting bargains we offer throughout our stores.
 Earnings per share for the third quarter grew 15% to $0.53. Our net earnings that rose 12% to $216 million. Sales increased 7% to $2,783,000,000, with comparable store sales up 3% on top of last year's 4% gain.
 For the first 9 months of fiscal 2015, earnings per share grew 15% to $1.85, while net earnings rose 12% to $757 million.
 Year-to-date sales increased 8% to $8,689,000,000 with comparable store sales up 4%. dd's also posted better-than-expected gains in sales and profits for the quarter and year-to-date periods.
 Men's was the strongest category at Ross during the quarter, while the Midwest was the top-performing region.
 Third quarter operating margin increased 30 basis points to 12.1%. These results were above plan and primarily driven by higher merchandise margins.
 As we ended the quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 14% over the prior year with packaway levels at 48% of total inventories compared to 42% last year.
 Average in-store inventories at quarter-end were down approximately 1% versus last year.
 As planned, we completed our 2015 store opening program during the third quarter with the addition of 19 Ross and 7 dd's DISCOUNTS locations for a grand total of 84 new stores this year net of closures.
 We expect to end fiscal 2015 with 1,274 Ross and 172 dd's DISCOUNTS stores.
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our third quarter results and details on our guidance for the fourth quarter and the year. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Let's start with our third quarter results. Our 3% comparable store sales gain was driven by a combination of higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket.
 As Barbara mentioned, third quarter operating margin was better than planned, rising 30 basis points from last year to 12.1%.
 Cost of goods sold declined 45 basis points, driven by a 45 basis point increase in merchandise margins and a 5 basis point improvement each in freight and buying costs. This was partially offset by a 10 basis point increase in distribution expenses related to recent infrastructure investments that were partially offset by the favorable timing of packaway-related costs.
 Selling, general and administrative expenses during the period increased by about 15 basis points due in part to higher wages.
 During the quarter, we repurchased 3.6 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $179 million. Year-to-date, we have bought back a total of 10.4 million shares for an aggregate price of $530 million.
 We remain on track to repurchase a total of $700 million in common stock for the year under the 2-year, $1.4 billion stock repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors in February of this year.
 Let's turn now to our fourth quarter guidance, which remains unchanged from what we communicated in August.
 For the 13 weeks ending January 30, 2016, we continue to expect same-store sales to be flat to up 1% on top of a strong 6% gain last year, with earnings per share projected to be $0.60 to $0.63 compared to $0.60 last year.
 The operating statement assumptions for our fourth quarter guidance include the following: Total sales are forecasted to grow 4% to 5% on the previously mentioned comparable store sales forecast of flat to up 1%.  If sales perform in line with this guidance, operating margin is projected to be 12.6% to 12.8% versus 13.1% in the prior year.
 The forecasted decline versus last year is mainly due to our expectation for higher distribution expenses from recent infrastructure investments and the timing of packaway-related costs.
 Net interest expense is estimated to be about $5 million. Our tax rate is planned at approximately 37% to 38%, and we expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 403 million.
 Based on this guidance, we now project earnings per share for the full year to be in the range of $2.45 to $2.48, up 11% to 12% over $2.21 in fiscal 2014.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. As we enter the fourth quarter, we are pleased with our fresh and exciting assortments of name, brand, bargains and gifts for this holiday season.
 Despite outperforming our sales and earnings target throughout 2015, there are a number of factors that still cause us to be cautious on forecasting the fourth quarter.
 First, we're up against our toughest sales comparison of the year. As Michael mentioned, comparable store sales in last year's fourth quarter were up a robust 6%; second, there is ongoing uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment; and third, based on the current retail landscape, we expect the upcoming holiday season to be highly promotional.
 As a result, while we always hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to maintain a conservative posture.
 Over the longer term, we remain confident about our prospects for respectable sales and earnings growth. This is based on 2 key factors: Our belief that off-price will remain a strong performing segment especially given consumers' ongoing focus on value; and our own proven ability to offer our customers compelling bargains on an everyday basis.  This is and always will be the key to success in our business.
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: I guess, my question I wanted to focus on the packaway number, 48% of inventory. It seems like that's the highest it's been in about 2 years, give or take. Just kind of curious, your view of the environment, the buying environment out there. It sounds like a lot of vendors are canceling orders and the department stores aren't doing so well. Just your view of the environment and your packaway strategy and how you look at that right now. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, the buying environment, we continue to see a really strong supply of excess goods in the marketplace. As it pertains to packaway, packaway is typically the best bargains we carry on merchandise. We go in the market, we see what's available, we see what the great deals are and then we go in and pack it away. So we don't focus so much on the number itself, Ike. What we focus on is the value and the brands that we can offer to the customer. 
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Lejuez with Citi Research. 
Paul Lejuez: Can you maybe talk a little bit more -- give us more detail on regional performance specifically Texas and the oil impacted markets? And also curious just higher-level Ross versus dd's and then also the performance of those 2 within those Texas and other oil region markets. 
Michael Hartshorn: This is Michael Hartshorn. The sales performance was fairly broad-based across regions as we mentioned the Midwest was our strongest region, which has been true over the past 7 quarters. California, our largest region performed in line with the chain. And then as far as Texas, Texas was in line with the chain average for the quarter. 
Paul Lejuez: And then what about with dd's? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Your question about dd's. As Barbara mentioned in her remarks, dd's posted better-than-expected sales and profits. We don't typically break dd's out at the regional level, but, overall, we are very happy with dd's performance. 
Paul Lejuez: Got you. Michael, you've had pretty positive things to say about dd's for several quarters now. Are you at a point where you might feel more comfortable accelerating the growth of that concept beyond doing let's say 20 -- in the low-20s per year? Can that be accelerated as we think about next year? 
Michael O'Sullivan: I think it's unlikely. We -- as you say for several years now, we've been very happy with how the dd's business has developed. And we feel very good about the business over the longer term. But we opened, as you say, just over 20 stores a year of dd's. The chain is now around about 170 stores. So 20 stores a year on the base of 170 is still relatively large incremental addition every year. So we think it's likely that we'll remain in that ballpark, 20 to 25 stores a year. 
Paul Lejuez: Got you. And just to piggyback one last one, off of Ike's question. On the packaway merchandise, can you talk about the performance of that product that you've seen. Let's say, in this most recent quarter, is it meeting your sales and merch margin expectations? That's it for me. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, packaway typically represents the best bargains we have. So we feel that in the third quarter this merchandise likely benefited sales, and we expect it to help our sales in the fourth quarter as well. 
Operator: Your next question is from Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I wanted to just follow up quickly on Paul's question on packaway. I think that packaway is probably a more broadly used term in Ross than maybe some of the other off-price stores. Can you just confirm the composition of packaway? Is it strictly goods that are shipped off and put into your packaway warehouse? Or do you also consider packaway goods that are sitting ready for current season distribution to stores that were maybe partially already distributed in the current season? In other words, goods in a variety of distribution centers and not necessarily shipped off and stored for 6 months. So it's a bigger representation of the product that you've got, held in your distribution center. Does that make sense? 
Barbara Rentler: We're a little unclear. I think... 
Michael O'Sullivan: Let me have a crack at that, Kimberly. Packaway, we think of packaway as goods that aren't for sale. They're packed away in our warehouses to be released for sale in subsequent months or even next season. So I don't know if that helps. Yes, does that answer your question? 
Kimberly Greenberger: It does. Are there examples where you actually have a current season order, you partially distribute, let's say, 70% of the goods to existing stores, held -- hold back 30% of your distribution centers as an example and then use that to fill in based on sales trends? Would you consider that 30% that you hold back part of your packaway? Or would that be just inventory in the distribution center that you would not put in your packaway calculation? 
Michael O'Sullivan: As long as it hasn't been released for sale, we treat it as packaway. Once it's released for sale, then it counts as part of our selling store inventory. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Sorry, Michael, go ahead. 
Michael O'Sullivan: I actually was just going to make a point that, I guess, in Barbara's remarks, she broke out total inventory. So the way to think about is our total inventories are up 14%. Our selling store inventory, the inventory that's actually in the store for sale, was down slightly. Obviously, that's a key metric for us because with a 3% comp and within store inventory down slightly, that means that we're achieving cost returns and better merchandise margin. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay, great. So if I should look at your total inventory bucket, there's a piece of it that's in-store and the other piece of it that's packaway. Is there a third bucket of inventory that would be neither considered in-store or packaway that you would classify? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, yes, Kimberly. So there's a couple of buckets. You mentioned there is packaway inventory, there's store inventory and there's also in-transit inventory on the way to the distribution center. As we mentioned, total inventory was up 14% and packaway was up at 48% of total inventories. In-transit inventory for us was actually down versus last year because we're up against the start of our mitigation efforts because of the slowdown in the port. So those are the primary 3 buckets. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay. So anything that's in your distribution center that is not available for sale would be included in the packaway bucket. 
Michael O'Sullivan: That's right. Anything else in our distribution center is on its way to the -- it's being processed. It's on it's way out the door, and therefore would not count as packaway. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay, great. So as I think about the wage increase, this is the first quarter really where we've had any -- this was the first full quarter, I think, of the wage increase. I think you said in your prepared remarks of the 15 basis points increase in SG&A, it was largely driven by wages. Michael, I'm wondering if you can just give us was it the majority, was it the full piece and were there any other moving parts in the SG&A? 
Michael Hartshorn: The primary difference and the reason we called out wages is typically we'd say 3% is our leverage point. And as you know, there's always timing differences from quarter-to-quarter. A part of that deleverage was due to wages and there are some other timing differences that were not as meaningful. Longer term, we still believe that we think we can lever at the 3% comp point. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Would that be your expectation in 2016 as well just given the wage increases that we have going through that, I guess, probably 3% comps you'll be able to leverage? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, I mean, it's a good question. We're obviously in the midst of our budget cycle today and would expect to be able to provide some more color on the fourth quarter call. As we previously mentioned, we took our minimum wage up to $9 across the chain this year, and those adjustments, along with any offsets are included in our guidance this year for 11% to 12% EPS growth. We do view the labor markets as dynamic. We think, as the economy improves over the next couple of years, there will be additional wage pressure out there. But like this year, we will do our work and where we can, we'll find efficiencies throughout our business to attempt to mitigate the impact of any cost pressures we have in our business. 
Kimberly Greenberger: And do you think there's a possibility that part of your traffic increase is actually that some of the consumers who shop at Ross Stores are seeing the benefit of some of those wage increases? Or is it very difficult for you to sort of draw that loop and to come to that conclusion? 
Michael O'Sullivan: It's the latter, Kimberly. Conceptually, we think if the customer has more money in their pockets, that's a good thing for us. But very hard for us to sort of dissect that and split it out in terms of to what degree that's a driving our comp. 
Operator: The next question is from Michael Binetti from UBS. 
Michael Binetti: I think as you look ahead to 2016, you said you think you can hold the 3% leverage point. There's obviously the well-documented labor inflation that you guys are already starting to get into, you'll have a full year that, next year maybe some more. Do you have merchandise margin room on your side to offset that upside margin compression next year? How should we think about margin compression -- or I'm sorry, merchandise margin as one of the levers that you have to toggle next year? 
Michael Hartshorn: I think, at this point, Michael, we'll be in a better position to answer questions on 2016 in our fourth quarter call. 
Michael Binetti: Okay. Maybe then, if we just kind of ask something about the competitive backdrop here. I think you mentioned that, let's see, it looks like it's starting out to be a very promotional holiday, very competitive. As you look at the environment, you're clearly gaining share of traffic. And certainly, with the industry backed up, you would seem that a strong value message would continue to drive those share gains in the fourth quarter and then into the medium term. What do you think is the right thing to do with IMUs or with starting prices? Do you think it's a good idea to say strategically maybe even dig a little deeper on the value at this point? Or do you think the merch margin is maybe where you prefer to see some of the flow through come from? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. Michael, I don't think we get into that level of detail in terms of how we go after the business. But it's suffice to say that we agree with you. We think what's really driving the retail environment right now is that the customer's looking for value and our focus is to provide the best value we can, put the best bargains in front of the customer, and that's what will drive the business. 
Operator: The next question is from Laura Champine with Cantor Fitzgerald. 
Laura Champine: I was just wondering if you could comment on strength in categories. Was home stronger than apparel? Any particular strength in women's versus men's? Or anything you can say there on category strength? 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of merchandise performance, home and apparel were fairly -- they're both in line with the chain overall. And frankly, the only other call out we'd say is what we said in the comments was men's was our strongest performance, merchandise category. 
Operator: The next question is from Oliver Chen with Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: The merch margins are really impressive. Could you just elaborate on the main drivers? I think it probably had something to do with your low level of in-store inventories and markdown levels. The in-store inventory level is also very impressive. Are you expecting that to kind of continue to be negative? I'm just curious about how that will trend just because the momentum's been so strong at your comp line. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Oliver. So we outperformed the high end of our comp sales target during the quarter. So that meant that we had faster inventory turns resulting in lower markdowns, that was also helped by the fact that we ran at -- with inventories down about 1% during the quarter. We also benefited from our ability to take advantage of buying opportunities in the marketplace. And in addition, we did see some benefit from ongoing improvements in our inventory shortage we typically take, our physical inventory in the third quarter. So all of those contributed to do better-than-planned merchandise margin during the quarter. In-store inventories for the fourth quarter, we are, again, planning them to be down during the quarter so that should answer the question. 
Oliver Chen: And you guys have been ahead of the curve with looking about the marketplace and the environment that's happening. Were August, September, October kind of steady in cadences? Or was there a fair degree of volatility that you were seeing in the way that consumers are behaving? 
Michael Hartshorn: For us, relatively steady throughout the quarter. 
Oliver Chen: Okay. And our last question was the comp looked nicely driven by this healthy composition between traffic and basket. What's happening with basket that's enabling you to have that momentum? Is that kind of the balancing that you think will continue as you look forward on a medium and longer-term basis between traffic and both the basket? 
Michael Hartshorn: So Oliver, as you mentioned, so the 3% comp was driven by both higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket. The higher basket was a combination of higher units per transaction and also a higher AUR. I mean, for us, the way we do that is that we've been successful delivering great bargains to the customer, and that's the way we think about it. We don't look at the composition when we're planning our comps. 
Operator: Your next question is from David Mann with Johnson Rice. 
David Mann: I'm not sure if you pointed this out, but merch margin expectation within your fourth quarter guidance, how should we think about that? 
Michael Hartshorn: I think, at this point, David, if we perform ahead of plan like we did in third quarter, I think our expectations would be that it's up a bit over last year. 
David Mann: Okay. And then in terms of the packaway impact on distribution cost, I think you suggested there was a benefit in the third quarter. How much -- how many basis points would that have been? 
Michael Hartshorn: We didn't call it out separately. We did call out obviously, the DCs. We said DCs were going to be a drag on the back half with the Central Valley DC of about 30 basis points. But we didn't call out the packaway piece separately. 
David Mann: In terms of what you're thinking about in the fourth quarter in your guidance about that packaway impact on distribution cost, how should we think about that? Are you assuming packaway normalizes to some extent as [indiscernible]? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, So, our guidance -- yes, it's a good question. Our guidance assumes that it does normalize by year-end. We said overall operating margins were going to be down 30 to 50 basis points, primarily driven, really, by 3 things: One, the comp at flat to 1%, plus DC costs that would delever because of the infrastructure investments and the timing of packaway. 
David Mann: And could you quantify how much that timing of packaway was? Would you be willing to do that? 
Michael Hartshorn: No, we didn't call that out. 
David Mann: Okay. And then last question on the home side of the business, I know you've been making great strides there with some outperformance in some of the recent quarters. I guess, this quarter was more in line or at least 2 of the last -- or 3 of the last 4 quarters, I think that was the case. Are you at a point now where you think that some of the benefits there have more stabilized? Or do you still think there's some opportunities to drive some outperformance? 
Barbara Rentler: We still feel good about home. We feel like we're well positioned for the holiday and for the fourth quarter. And we feel that in future '16, '17, there's still room to grow there. 
Operator: Your next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I wanted to follow up on the higher AUR during the quarter. Is there a mix shift happening there? Or what's driving the tickets higher? 
Michael Hartshorn: Lorraine, it's Michael. Really two things. One because we operated with less inventory, it means that we had less clearance so that drives a portion of the AUR increase and then there's always mixes by business that contribute. 
Lorraine Maikis: And then can you quantify the shortage benefit from the third quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: So of the 45 basis point improvement, last year, it's about a third of it -- a little less than a third. 
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Tunick with Royal Bank of Canada. 
Brian Tunick: I guess, first question was on the category side. Did you guys say men's was your strongest category? I don't think I've heard that in quite some time. Is there any context you can put around that? And is that because the either juniors or women's is slowing? Just curious what you're reading into that? Was that great buys or something like that? And then maybe some more context on the Midwest stores. I know they continue to lead the chain here. Is that how the new store maturity curve is playing out? Is that the micro-merchandising? What are you learning from that as you think about your next markets? And when could we hear about a new market in the next year or 2? 
Barbara Rentler: Brian, as it pertains to men's, for years, we had difficult business in men's. But over the last couple of years, we continue really just to improve our execution. So we're just literally doing a better job than we had done before. So our men’s business, we feel pretty good about. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then Brian on your question about Midwest, so yes, we're very happy with performance in the Midwest. I think Michael Hartshorn had mentioned earlier that actually for the past 7 quarters now, the Midwest has been one of the top performing regions. Yes, when we entered the Midwest just over 3 years ago, we said that we expected it to be a very successful business over time. And we're certainly pleased with the progress that we've made and that reinforces our confidence in the region.. In terms of additional new markets, I mean, the Midwest is, I think you will appreciate, it's a pretty big area and there are a lots of individual markets within the Midwest. So our focus right now and probably for the next few years is going to be to build out our presence in those markets. 
Operator: The next question is from Bob Drbul with Nomura. 
Robert Drbul: Just a couple of quick questions. The first one is, during the quarter, the environment in terms of the promotional level of activity from the competition, did you see any changes then as the quarter progressed? And I guess, you didn't really change at all the fourth quarter prospects in terms of your guidance or your plans. So my question is, has the environment at all given you the thoughts around changing it in terms of the pricing umbrella from department stores probably being a little bit more promotional as you think about your prospects for the fourth quarter? 
Michael O'Sullivan: I'll handle the second piece of your question there, Bob, on the fourth quarter. And I think as Barbara had outlined in her remarks, we think it makes sense to be relatively conservative in the fourth quarter with the ongoing economic uncertainty. Secondly, the environment looks like it will be fairly promotional. Some of that is based upon just what we're seeing in terms of the recent reports in department stores. Those reports we have to think this could be a very promotional fourth quarter. And then the final point, but perhaps most important is that we're up against the 6% comp. Last fourth quarter, we reported really the terrific 6% comps. So we're up against that number. The other point I'd make is in our business, we typically plan our business relatively conservatively. That's kind of -- probably the first bullet point in our playlist. We plan the business conservatively, and then we know we can chase the business if the sales are there. So I think, we think it's best to plan conservatively, but then hope to do better. 
Barbara Rentler: As it pertains to the... 
Robert Drbul: Go ahead, sorry. 
Barbara Rentler: As it pertains to the promotional level during the quarter, it actually was pretty promotional during the entire quarter. It felt like there were a couple events that department stores added in October. But actually quite frankly, it's been promotional since Q2 and just kind of came across through back-to-school and then increased, I'd say, slightly in October. 
Robert Drbul: And then, in terms of categories, can you just talk about how your cold weather categories are performing and how you're positioned there? And if you could just give us an update in terms of what you're seeing from the business in terms of the handbags and accessories categories? 
Barbara Rentler: Cold weather has been, I would say, difficult. I mean, it was difficult in October. We have relatively conservative plans in cold weather. We chased part of that business at the back-end of the season. So we can adjust as we come along the way. But it did start out slower than we would have liked. In terms of handbags and accessories, the business is still behind the chains performance, and we're still working our way through that. 
Operator: The next question is from Marni Shapiro with The Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Just a question on dd's. So has Michael been running dd's all this time? And will he stay onboard to transition Brian in the role? And for how long will he stay on board? And are there any other leadership positions open at dd's that you need to fill at this point? 
Barbara Rentler: So Michael,-- dd's, yes, dd's has reported to Michael for this period of time. Michael will -- Brian will report directly to me. Michael will be involved in -- heavily involved in this transition of Brian into the company. And there are no other senior management jobs opened at dd's at this point. 
Marni Shapiro: That's fantastic. And then just on the traffic side, have you guys seen traffic still increase or flat at Ross and dd's? 
Michael Hartshorn: They're up in both during the quarter. 
Operator: The next question is from Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: So I'm just curious, the department stores, it seem like they got really got hit with a lot of heavy inventory because it got warm. So it seems like they're worse off now than they thought they were 3 months ago. Yet, you haven't changed your guidance. So I guess did you predict -- correctly predict how bad it'd be for the department stores? Or is there some other reason why you wouldn't change your guidance or you're just doing much better? And I guess related to that, inventories were high, just as high as they are now at the end of the previous quarter. Yet, your margin is getting better, not worse. So I'm just curious how you're sort of bucking that trend and why that wouldn't be the same in the fourth quarter? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Let me answer the first part of your question, Mike, about department stores. Yes, when we think about our guidance for the quarter, a lot of factors go into it. Obviously, our performance in the third quarter, the outlook for the fourth quarter, the macroeconomy, how promotional we think it's going to be. And I would say as look at this fourth quarter, the fact that we're up against the 6% comp. So all of those things kind of go into the mixer for us to come up with the guidance for the fourth quarter. So I think I probably answer your first question. I don't think I really understand your second question about inventories. Could you just repeat that? 
Michael Baker: Yes, also one of the concerns is that inventories are high right now and so that leads to a promotional environment and that might hurt your margins in the fourth quarter. And that makes sense, except I just point out that inventories were high at the end of the second quarter and they were also pretty high at the end of the first quarter I think due to the average department store inventories at the end of the first, second and third quarter, was up about 5% or 6% pretty consistently. Yet, even with the high inventories throughout the year, your merchandise margins are getting better, not worse, so is there reason to expect that, that wouldn't continue into the fourth quarter? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, I think it's not all about inventories. I think it's a combination of inventories and sales trend and at least what we've seen, and  you've seen the same numbers, the data we've seen suggest that actually the sales trend hasn't lived up to people's expectations. So, although the inventory levels may not move that much from quarter to quarter, the sales trend has deteriorated, and that's what could really drive it be more promotional in the fourth quarter. 
Michael Baker: Okay, that's helpful. If I can ask one more sort of longer-term question. You guys always guide that we start the year at 1% to 2% comp. I can't remember the last time you actually comped at something in that range. As people -- as I do my model out, is it probably more correct to think about your annual growth as something higher than that typical guidance, probably in the 3% to 4% range? How do you guys really think about it longer term? 
Michael O'Sullivan: I think we've described our longer-term model as we believe that our long-term average comp should be in the region of 3%. We feel pretty comfortable about our ability to achieve that kind of comp number. And certainly, if you look out at the last 10, even further back 15 years, the data would suggest that, that's a reasonable expectation. Now in any given year, it could be plus or minus 1 or 2 points in any of the direction depending upon the circumstances, the economic environment, the competitive environment, the comps were up against, et cetera. But I think if you're modeling in 3% on an average basis, I think that's appropriate. 
Michael Baker: Okay, make sense. One more, I promise. How does this work? When inventories are high in the environment right now, are you more likely to get the excess product from vendors because they're getting inventory pushed back to them? Or they're not able to send it to the department stores? Or more likely to get it directly from the department stores? In other words, department stores have already taken possession of it, but now they're going to send it to you. 
Barbara Rentler: We'd actually buy the merchandise from vendors direct. 
Operator: Your next question is from Anne-Charlotte Windal from Bernstein. 
Anne-Charlotte Windal: So this may be a moot point given the availability of goods on the market. But with competition increasing in the off-price space, are you seeing any change in the competitive dynamics? Are you seeing any of your competitors becoming more aggressive in terms of what they're willing to pay for some brands? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Charlotte, no really, no. I mean the new competition I think you're referring to frankly is just too small to really have any kind of impact, so no. 
Anne-Charlotte Windal: Okay, I just have to ask. 
Operator: The next question is from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Neely Tamminga: Barbara, I just wanted to follow back up on the appointment of Brian Morrow for the company. Coming from Stein Mart, obviously, there's more of a national brand presence that exists in that format relative to what dd's currently has. So should we be reading into something around that into his chief merchandising experience? Or I would imagine anybody at this point, you've got your pick of the litter, like who wouldn't want to come work for Ross, right? So what specifically have you seen in Brian that's going to be very specific and relevant for dd's? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, Brian has a very deep, broad-based experience. I mean, he has over 30 years of experience in a variety of sectors, including moderate department stores and most recently off-price retail. So this experience, along with his strong leadership skills, we think he's really going to be a valuable resource for dd's. Worrying about whether he can make the transition to a low to moderate customer, we don't foresee that as any problem. We think he's a very good merchant and a good merchant can merchandise, all areas. 
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So as we think about your square footage expansion profile from here, first, how are your more recent stores performing? And then second, what's the best way to think about how many years left in the existing markets in the Midwest versus how we best should think about time line for a Northeast entrance? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Matthew, in terms of the new stores, I would say that we've been very happy with the performance of our new stores actually over the last several years and this year has been no exception. We've been happy with how they performed. Certainly, this year, I think for the last few years, they have exceeded our initial sales plan. In terms of a time frame for new markets, I wouldn't give you a time frame at this point. I think we have -- we have plenty of opportunity left in, frankly, in our existing markets as well as in the Midwest. So I think that's going to keep us busy certainly for the next few years. 
Matthew Boss: Okay, great and just a follow-up. I mean, you guys have spot on with your call on the retail environments. In terms of the product availability that you're seeing, I mean, are there any particular categories of particular opportunity as it relates to some of the buys that you see coming in the pipeline? 
Barbara Rentler: Actually, the supply is very broad-based. It's a great time to be a buyer. We'll leave you with that. 
Operator: The next question is from Roxanne Meyer with MKM Partners. 
Roxanne Meyer: My first question is a follow-up on inventory. I guess, I want to appreciate, what are your guardrails around inventory in terms of how high you're willing to grow inventory on an absolute basis relative to your sales plans? Does that have a limit? How do you think about your inventory strategy in total? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Roxanne, I think, we think, well, I know we think about our inventory on a segmented basis. We think about in-store inventory, which is really the inventory that's available in front of the customer, but we manage that very tightly and as we talked about earlier on this call. Over the third quarter, that showed a slight decline versus last year, and that's what we look for. We look for some ability to drive returns and therefore drive markdown improvement and margin improvements. So that's how we think about the in-store piece of inventory. Separately, we think about packaway based upon what's available in the marketplace. And if we see terrific opportunities in the marketplace, our merchants are encouraged to take advantage of those and that means packing away those goods. And if packaway rises over a period of time, that's because we've seen great bargains in the marketplace that we like. So that's kind of how we think about inventory, the different buckets of inventory. 
Roxanne Meyer: Okay. So the buyers just have the ability to take advantage of deals in the market, and it doesn't seem like there's too many constraints around -- at some point, you just have to get cut off. But you're willing to extend yourself knowing that it's for future periods. 
Barbara Rentler: The buyers have plans. It's not just free-for-all, they're out there buying. There's strategy, there's a plan, there is a plan by business segment of how much we think it's appropriate. All that being said, one of the benefits of our model is that we're flexible. So if we were to see a large amount of product in a classification or a business we weren't planning on particularly driving and that product could help us drive the business, we would put money into the plan, and we would flex. So that's just one of the benefits of being in the off-price business. 
Michael O'Sullivan: One other point on that, Roxanne, is we do -- as you'd expect, we have pretty significant controls over what's in packaway. So we control very carefully sort of the aging of packaway, how long it's allowed to stay in there, what kind of goods. We manage all aspects of that as you'd expect. 
Roxanne Meyer: Okay, great. And then just curious on the traffic increases that you're seeing. Can you talk about what portion of the traffic is coming from new versus repeat buyers? Are they continuing to skew younger, are existing customer shopping more? I mean some of that, maybe the demographics behind it would be great. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. The new customers that we've attracted, frankly over the last several years demographically, they look a lot like our existing customers. What they all have in common is they're all looking for great value. For great bargains. In terms of your point about the age, we've always disproportionately attracted slightly younger customers, and that continues to be true. When you look at the growth of our Juniors business over time, that's a good manifestation of that. But as I say, I would say that demographics of our new customers pretty similar to the demographics from our existing customers. 
Operator: The next question is from Jeff Stein with Northcoast Research. 
Jeffrey Stein: Barbara, this was the first quarter that I could remember that you did not call out Juniors as the best or one of the best-performing categories. And I'm just curious, anything notable around that? Is that customer spending less or suddenly men's just exploded during the quarter? 
Barbara Rentler: Juniors performed slightly above the chain and was up against a very tough compare. With that, we had a couple of execution issues, which we have corrected. 
Jeffrey Stein: And what would execution mean? Is that -- would it be merchandising or... 
Barbara Rentler: Wrong timing on some products. 
Jeffrey Stein: Okay. And real estate costs, what's going on there? It's one thing to compete against other companies for merchandise. I'm sure there's plenty of that. There's less availability when it comes to real estate. Are you seeing real estate costs go up and perhaps choice locations becoming more difficult to identify? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, I think we're pretty happy with the availability of real estate locations and the rents we're seeing. There's a lot going on in the retail industry, not just in the apparel retail, but in others sectors, office supplies, electronic, et cetera, which means that there is availability of real estate. And we have a terrific real estate team who over the years, have been able to secure great locations, that afford us great deals. So we're pretty happy with the outlook there. 
Jeffrey Stein: Okay. And one more real quickly for Barbara. During a period where you've got a lot of promotional activity going on and there's an overabundance of product, is there a chance or risk that packaway may not prove to be as great a value because perhaps you bought it 6 months ago at a higher price and today, you could rebuy it at a much lower price? 
Barbara Rentler: So we actually -- Michael talked about all the difference metrics we have to measure packaway. We actually constantly look at the values that we have in there. Now, the merchants, when they put merchandise in packaway, they're thinking of it from a promotional perspective. So the packaway that we own today would have been packaway we would have bought end of Q2, into Q3 when they were -- we were already seeing that promotional environment coming across. Say they know when they put it in there, that there has to be a variance to what's going on in the world. All that being said, if there was something in packaway that we didn't think was the right value during our processes, we would capture that. And there's a lot of size, a lot of size around packaway and what's in there, we would put it out, and we would mark it down and we would move on. But really the heads-up for merchants with something in packaway is, they have to feel comfortable that when they take it out. It really is going to be a great branded bargain. And so there's a lot of size and rules and questions around what that looks like before they put it into packaway. 
Operator: The next question is from Richard Jaffe with Stifel. 
Richard Jaffe: Just 1 more question on packaway, please. How long do something stay in packaway? What's the average life of it's time in packaway, ballpark or some time frame? 
Michael Hartshorn: Richard, it's about 3 to 4 months. 
Richard Jaffe: 3 to 4 months, that's great. And I assume you're going to be able to -- you're be in a position to take advantage of what it looks like a tremendous amount of product in the marketplace as, again, I assume cancellations are out there. I'm sorry, go ahead. 
Barbara Rentler: We're in a good position going into what we would call a volatile climate. So we feel pretty comfortable with where we are. 
Richard Jaffe: Okay, I think volatile maybe a kind word. Going one way unfortunately. 
Barbara Rentler: [indiscernible] other. 
Operator: The next question is from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. 
Stephen Grambling: I had 1 quick follow-up, which, I guess, is just on the cost efficiencies that you captured this year. Can you just talk to some of the biggest buckets there? And maybe what is still left? 
Michael Hartshorn: Stephen, it's Michael. So, I mean, we're looking everywhere. We're looking at nonpayroll, payroll. We're looking for efficiencies throughout the business. So I think we'll continue to do that. We're doing that in our budget process, and we'll be able to give you an update at the end of the year. 
Stephen Grambling: I'll shoot 1 more in there, which is just there's has been some investor concern around one of your larger off-price competitors going after lower AURs. Clearly, the overall comp hasn't reflected any impact. Can you just remind us if you have seen any difference in comps by proximity to off-price peers? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, Stephen, we always slice and dice our business. We look at how different stores are doing based characteristics like demographics, cotenants, et cetera. And frankly, there's nothing to call out there. It's been broad-based. There's been nothing there that's really impacted us. 
Operator: The next question is from David Glick with Buckingham. 
David Glick: Most of my questions have been answered. I just wanted to follow up again on the Midwest. Obviously, that's a newer market for you and for most retailers, it was the most challenging region because of very warm weather. I just wonder if you could help me understand how you could outperform in that market? Obviously, when you turn your inventories faster, you're less relying on seasonals, which gives you guys an advantage versus department stores. But just a little more color on that, help me understand that, that would be great. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So David, I would say that what always drive our business as a chain and actually regionally is having great product in the stores. And I think, we feel very good about the assortments that we have in our Midwest stores and ultimately that's really what's driven our business there over the past couple of years. 
Operator: There are no further questions. I will turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today, and  for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-19 23:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2014 Form 10-K and fiscal 2015 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on the file with the SEC.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Balmuth, Executive Chairman; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Senior Director of Investor Relations.
 We'll begin our call today with a review of our second quarter and year-to-date performance followed by our outlook for the remainder of the year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As a reminder, all earnings per share results and forecasts for both the current and prior year reflect our recent 2-for-1 stock split that became effective June 11, 2015.
 As noted in today's press release, we are pleased with our solid sales and earnings growth for both the second quarter and first 6 months. These results reflect that our assortments of compelling name-brand bargains continue to resonate with today's value-focused customers.
 Earnings per share for the second quarter increased 11% to $0.63, up from $0.57 in the prior year. Net earnings for the quarter grew to $259 million compared to $240 million for the same period last year. Sales rose 9% for the quarter to $2,968,000,000 with comparable store sales up 4% over the prior year.
 While second quarter operating margin of 13.9% was down from last year, it was slightly better than expected. The quarter benefited from higher merchandise margin and tight expense control that partially offset a planned increase in distribution costs related to recent infrastructure investment.
 For the first 6 months of fiscal 2015, earnings per share increased 15% to $1.32, up from $1.15 in the prior year. Net earnings were $541 million, up 12% from $583 million (sic) [ $483 million ] last year. Sales for the year-to-date period rose 9% to $5,906,000,000 and comparable store sales increased 5%.
 Similar to Ross, dd's posted better-than-expected gains in sales and profits for the quarter and year-to-date period as customers also responded positively to their value offering. 
 The strength in merchandise and geographic sales trends for Ross during the second quarter were relatively broad-based. Juniors and Home were the best-performing departments while the Midwest continued to be the strongest region. 
 As we ended the second quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 20% over the prior year with packaway levels at 46% of total inventory compared to 43% last year. Average in-store inventories at quarter end were down slightly versus last year while total inventories were higher as we have taken advantage of increased closeout availability in the marketplace.
 Now let's turn to our expansion program. Store growth remains on track with 19 new Ross and 8 dd's DISCOUNTS opening in the second quarter. For fiscal 2015, we continue to plan for about 70 new Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNT locations. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plan to close or relocate a handful of stores.
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our second quarter results and details on our second half guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara, and let's start with our second quarter results. Our 4% comparable store sales gain was driven mainly by an increase in the size of the average basket with the number of transactions up slightly from last year. As mentioned earlier, while second quarter operating margin of 13.9% declined 35 basis points from last year, it was better than expected. 
 Cost of goods sold increased 20 basis points, mainly from a 40 basis point increase in distribution expenses that were impacted by the opening of a new distribution center during the second quarter. Freight and buying costs also increased 10 and 5 basis points, respectively. These unfavorable items were partially offset by a 25 basis point increase in merchandise margin and occupancy leverage of 10 basis points.
 Selling, general and administrative expenses during the period increased by about 15 basis points. Last year's second quarter included a onetime benefit of about 20 basis points from the resolution of a legal matter. This prior year comparison more than offset the expense leverage we realized from the 4% comparable store sales increase.
 During the quarter, we repurchased 3.5 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $176 million. Year-to-date, we have bought back a total of 6.9 million shares for an aggregate price of $352 million. As planned, we expect to buy back a total of $700 million in stock for the year under the 2-year $1.4 billion stock repurchase program approved by the Board of Directors in February 2015.
 Let's turn now to our second half guidance. For the third quarter ending October 31, 2015, same-store sales are forecast to increase 1% to 2% on top of a 4% gain last year with earnings per share projected to be in a range of $0.48 to $0.50, up from $0.46 in the 2014 third quarter.
 For the fourth quarter ending January 30, 2016, we are planning same-store sales to be flat to up 1% on top of a 6% gain last year with earnings per share projected to be $0.60 to $0.63 compared to $0.60 last year.
 Now I'll provide some additional operating statement assumptions for our third quarter EPS target. Total sales are projected to grow 5% to 6% on the previously mentioned comparable store sales forecast of up 1% to 2%. We're planning to add 19 new Ross and 7 dd's DISCOUNTS locations during the period. Operating margin is projected to be 11.3% to 11.5% versus 11.8% in the prior year. We are forecasting merchandise margins for this year's third quarter to be relatively flat while distribution costs are expected to remain elevated over the prior year. The higher distribution costs reflect the recent infrastructure investments and unfavorable timing of packaway-related expenses.
 Net interest expense is estimated to be about $4 million. 
 Our tax rate is planned at approximately 35%. 
 And we expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 406 million.
 Based on our results for the first 6 months and second half forecast, we are now projecting earnings per share for the full year to be in the range of $2.40 to $2.45, up 9% to 11% over $2.21 in fiscal 2014.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. While we are pleased by our better-than-expected results for the first half, we face more challenging sales and earnings comparisons over the balance of the year. In addition, the macroeconomic environment remains uncertain and we expect the retail landscape to be highly promotional during the fall season, especially given the recent results from other retailers. Based on these factors, while we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to remain cautious in our forecasting our business for the second half of 2015. 
 To maximize our results, we will continue to dedicate our resources to address our top priority: offering customers the best bargains possible on a wide assortment of fresh and exciting name-brand fashion for the family and the home. This will be the key of delivering respectable growth in sales and earnings both now and in the future.
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Lorraine Maikis: Can you discuss any regional differences that you saw during the quarter and if you felt an impact from either the back-to-school tax shifts or the later Labor Day? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Lorraine. It's Michael. On the -- across regionally, the results were actually fairly good from a broad-based perspective. We mentioned the Midwest continues to be our strongest region, which had been true over the last 1.5 years. In terms of back-to-school markets, like all other retailers, we're impacted by later sales tax holiday events. But overall, that did not have a big impact for us for the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Hofkin from William Blair. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just wanted to understand kind of the traffic-versus-ticket dynamic, a little bit different than one of your competitors. Just curious whether you feel like, going forward, pricing is a lever that you might choose to pull a little bit more even if it means sacrificing some ticket to drive more traffic. And just obviously, you have harder comparisons in the second half, but the 1% to 2% guidance versus the 2% to 3% initial guidance going into this quarter, is it based on seeing a slower kind of underlying trend? Or are you just being conservative given the tougher compares that you have? 
Michael Hartshorn: Dan, on your first piece, as we mentioned in the remarks, the 4% comp was driven by a combination of a larger basket and a slight increase in the transactions. The basket was primarily driven by an increase in the unit per transaction and AUR was up slightly. In terms of overall traffic, I mean, the way we think about our sales is we focus on overall sales and it comes down to merchandising. So based on that, we'll continue to do what's best and that is we'll try to deliver the most compelling bargains to our customers. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And Daniel, on AUR, I think your question was would we sacrifice AUR to drive sales. I think we do that all the time. I think our pricing has always intended to be very sharp and I think that's driven our performance over the long term. We're all about offering great prices and great bargains. So our AUR is always an area of focus for us. In terms of the guidance, the 1% to 2% in the back half versus the 2% to 3%, we've been very pleased with our performance the last couple of quarters, but there are a couple of reasons to be conservative in our guidance. There's ongoing uncertainty in the macroeconomic and retail environment and you get a sense of that in some of the recent retailers' results, particularly from some of the department stores. And then the second reason to be conservative is we're up against some pretty tough multiyear comparisons in the back half. Last year's third quarter was a 4% comp, last year's fourth quarter was a 6% comp so we're going up against those numbers. So putting all that to the side, you and others who followed us for a while will know that this is sort of a -- this is very much from our playbook. We tend to manage the business relatively conservatively, but we hope to do better. And certainly, if the sales trend is there, we'll chase it. So that's kind of the outlook. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro from The Retail Tractor (sic) [ The Retail Tracker ]. 
Marni Shapiro: It sounds like there's, as always, a lot of inventory in the market and a lot that you've packed away. I'm just curious if there was any -- were there any segments that you found were tougher out there and there's just really exceptional deals? And are they segments that have done well in your stores that maybe weren't doing well in other stores? 
Barbara Rentler: Actually, I think the deals are pretty broad based. I mean, are you talking about which classifications of business? 
Marni Shapiro: Yes. 
Barbara Rentler: Actually, the deals have been pretty broad based. I mean, the supply lines have been in almost every business that we touch. So our assortments are broad in the stores, the availabilities for it, so that's why we've been able to maximize a lot of deals in the market. 
Marni Shapiro: Fantastic. And are you guys doing anything differently in the back half marketing-wise to maybe further boost traffic or drive home the values? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Marni, not really. Our marketing strategy and message is pretty consistent. The message is always that we offer the best values. So there's really nothing new there. I mean, the focus really in terms of driving traffic is really to have the best bargains in the store. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen from Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: We're just curious about the back half and how you're thinking about inventory planning. Your inventories have been managed quite tightly and you've done a good job keeping your open-to-buy pretty open. Also, I wanted to just ask you about your comments on the uncertain environment and the highly promotional landscape. Just because at some of the more broadline retailers, we've seen some really good momentum in apparel, so I was curious about how there's mixed messages out there in the marketplace. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So on the second part of your question on the uncertain environment, I would say the results have been fairly mixed, some good, some not so good. And certainly, when we're out in the market looking for the goods, it seems like there's plenty of supply, which, again, reinforces for us that there is some uncertainty in terms of the economic environment. On inventory planning -- just repeat your question, Oliver, on inventory planning, what were you looking for there? 
Oliver Chen: Just curious about how you're planning in the holiday season and if you can continue to kind of grow at a lot less than sales. And if there's anything we should know about the timing of which you'll do gifting or floor sets relative to last year. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. In terms of how we're planning inventory, I think in Barbara's remarks, she said that in-store inventory levels were down slightly and that's kind of how we're planning them going forward. In terms of timing, I don't know that there's any different there, Barbara, on, yes? 
Barbara Rentler: No, in terms of the floor sets and the gift setups, no, the timing is similar -- will be similar to last year. In terms of the promotional landscape, Oliver, the promotional landscape in Q2, it was aggressive in certain segments of the market. So we were planning on being aggressive, it was aggressive. I think when back-to-school comes to an end, we're going to see that, that was very aggressive and that we're going to see that continue going into the fall season, especially if some retailers are going into fall with high inventory levels. So that was the inventories. 
Oliver Chen: Okay, that's helpful. Just lastly, as we look at the weather, do you have any differentiation in terms of how you're thinking about certain categories in light of the forecast? I was just curious about outerwear and any read-throughs there about categories as it relates to weather as we approach the back half. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Nothing that we'd call out that this point, Oliver. No, nothing at that detailed level. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Richard Jaffe from Stifel. 
Richard Jaffe: Just a follow-on. So the inventory build-up we should assume is in packaway and you've been able to take advantage of some of the disruptions in the ports to buy opportunistically. Is that the correct assumption? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, Richard, that's right. As Barbara said, total inventories were up and that was entirely packaway. 
Richard Jaffe: That's great. And I know there's been an open job at dd's. I'm wondering if there's a change in your thoughts about filling that job or just changing the reporting structure and operate without a president. Can you comment on that? 
Michael O'Sullivan: No changes in how we're thinking about that. We're still thinking about it in terms of replacing that position. That said, the dd's business has been doing pretty well over the last couple of quarters. We have a strong team in place. But no changes in terms of how we're thinking about the long-term leadership structure. 
Richard Jaffe: Okay. And you'll call us when El Niño hits and you'll get it first on the West Coast, right, so you'll just give us the heads-up? 
Michael O'Sullivan: We will. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Anyway, so -- okay. Excellent quarter, nicely done. Can you just remind us what the packaway inventory was doing? How first quarter ended in terms of packaway? What percentage of inventory? So -- in other words, did you see a nice kind of sequential acceleration in the second quarter in packaway? And I'm wondering if you can tell if the goods you're getting were sort of dislocated goods from the ports? Or is it really quite difficult to tell actually how the goods are getting to you? 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of overall levels, Kimberly, they're very similar to where we ended the first quarter. 
Barbara Rentler: In terms of trying to understand where the goods came from, I would say at this point it's really difficult to tell. I mean, department store business was difficult and so some goods are clearly coming from that market. And at this point, it's much more homogenized than the beginning when we saw huge amounts coming everywhere in every business from the port. 
Kimberly Greenberger: So Barbara, do you think it's just the additional availability that you're seeing it's just sort of a function of a tough environment with vendors really trying to find a home for goods just given the disappointing numbers we're seeing out of department store space? Is that your read of the situation? 
Barbara Rentler: At this point, yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Cantor Fitzgerald. 
Jason Smith: This is Jason Smith on for Laura. I was just wondering if you can give a sense as to how your competitor going down market may impact you guys going forward? 
Barbara Rentler: What I would say about that it we're clearly operating in a very promotional and competitive environment and that's really true across the entire retail landscape, including our biggest competitor. But our focus really is on our own business. So our top priority really remains providing the best compelling bargains possible to the customers and that's really not going to change. So that's really what our focus is, how we feel about it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anne-Charlotte Windal from Bernstein. 
Anne-Charlotte Windal: Two questions, if I may. The first one, I was wondering if you had any update to share with us on the potential impact from the wage increases and your ability to absorb costs from that. And my second question is one of your big competitors is talking a lot about the strength of their global sourcing capabilities. I was wondering if you'd give us a little bit of an update on how global, I mean, you are at this point from a sourcing standpoint. So I know thinking about your buying teams, I mean, where do you have active buying offices internationally? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So on the first part of your question, wage increases. As we mentioned on the call in May, we've taken up our minimum entry-level wage to $9 an hour. That adjustment, together with any offsets, is built into the earnings guidance for the rest of the year. In terms of further increases, we think the labor market is fairly dynamic and we like to sort of follow the labor trends before making decisions on any future moves. But I think, in general, we think if the economy improves over the next couple of years, it's likely that there'll be additional wage pressures out there. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the global sourcing availability, we buy from a lot of different sources around the world, so we feel that we have a wide assortment from a variety of countries and it's pretty widespread. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss from JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So as we think about gross margins, can you walk through the drivers of the merchandise margin expansion this quarter? And how should we think about the margin opportunity in the second half and on a multiyear basis from here? 
Michael Hartshorn: Matthew, it's Michael Hartshorn. So in terms of margin -- merchandise margin for the quarter, it's actually a mix. We continue to operate the business with lower in-store inventory, which is what we ended the quarter at down -- slightly down 1%, so that helps drive faster terms and lower markdowns and it also included better buying, so a little bit on total margin. 
Michael O'Sullivan: In terms of margin on a multiyear basis, Matthew, I think, as you know, we've taken a number of steps that have helped to drive margin over the last several years in terms of very significant reductions to inventory, very significant improvements to shrink. Now look, we've been chipping away at those, but I think on a go-forward basis, I think any improvement in margin -- EBIT margin is likely to come from ahead-of-plan sales. 
Matthew Boss: Okay, great. And just a quick follow-up. On the uncertain retail landscape commentary, I mean, can this provide opportunity for your model? Or does a more promotional environment actually condense the value spread? Just curious kind of the puts and takes on some of those the larger-picture commentary and how it relates to your model. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, there's a couple of things. From the pricing and value perspective, it goes to our being prudent about how we plan the back half because as the department stores promote and they have a lot of inventory, the values move. So we chase our business back, so we understand what's going on there and where our values need to be. As it pertains to supply, when business is uncertain and difficult, it creates supply. Any disruption in business creates supply. So you would think ultimately that there would be a bubble of good that results from, let's say, if back-to-school turns out to be more difficult than people anticipated that there would be good that are the results of that. So you kind of get it on both sides. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Stein from Northcoast Research. 
Jeffrey Stein: Just a quick question on your Home performance, wondering how it performed relative to the rest of the store. And then if you could distinguish between hard home and soft home. 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. Well, Home performed about the chain average. And actually, both segments of Home were good. I would say the decorative piece was even better than the bed and bath piece. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Omar Saad from Evercore ISI. 
Omar Saad: A couple of quick questions. First, I want to make sure I understood. It sounded like part of the reasons behind your conservatism in the back half was the -- sounds like you're seeing a pretty fairly promotional environment out there. I want to understand a little bit more what's driving that and why you think that affects your business -- or you consider that it might affect your business. And then I have one follow-up, please. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Omar, yes, I think really 2 key reasons to be -- well, I guess, 3 key reasons to be conservative in our outlook. One is the multiyear comparisons that I mentioned. Secondly, in our business, we can always chase good news. We can always chase a good trend, so it makes sense to manage conservatively, so we keep expenses and inventory in check and then ultimately we can chase. And then the third piece, which is what you're getting at, which is sort of the outlook, I think a combination of things. I think mixed results and -- actually weak results among department stores causes us to think that the environment, which is already fairly promotional, will continue to be pretty promotional in the back half. And how that affects us is we're all about price differentiation. The difference between the value at Ross and the value elsewhere and to the extent that other stores, department stores, et cetera, promote that obviously eats into that price differentiation. So that's what's built into the conservatism. 
Omar Saad: That's very helpful. And then kind of along a similar vein, if I look at your merch margin, it's been up, I think, 50 to 60 bps the last couple of quarters and slowed a little bit this quarter, up 20 or 30 bps. But the packaway percentage is still up year-over-year. Is it the promotional environment that's kind of causing that differential? With the packaway up, I guess, I'd expect to see -- still see some more merchandise gains like you were seeing the last couple of quarters. Or am I being too cute here, reading too much into it? 
Michael Hartshorn: No, so there was a differential in the first versus the second quarter. In addition, entering 2015, we had lower clearance levels, so that's actually helped us this year versus last year. And our comp was a little higher over planned in the first quarter versus the second quarter. So both of those factors resulted in more favorable margin in Q1 versus the second quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jill Nelson from Johnson Rice. 
Jill Caruthers: Just given the energy crisis, what we're hearing about the oil and gas market, could you talk about maybe your performance in Texas and if you felt any pressure there? 
Michael Hartshorn: Texas, overall, has consistently been a good performer for us. In the second quarter and year-to-date, it's performed above the chain average for us. So it continues to be one of our best-performing regions. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And Jill, we don't know whether that's -- it could be that consumers are trading down from more expensive retailers in that region. We don't really know what's driving that. 
Jill Caruthers: Okay. And then I know you said dd's comp outperformed. Could you just give a little bit more clarity on how its performance was in the second quarter? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So as Barbara mentioned in her remarks, dd's posted better-than-expected gains in sales and profits in the quarter and that's actually been the pattern over the last several quarters. We've been doing a number of things the last couple of years at dd's to drive sales and actually to drive profitability, particularly more tightly controlling inventories and expenses, so we feel good about how that's gone. In terms of longer term, we're very confident in the dd's' business model. Last year, we opened about 20 dd's stores and we're on track to do about the same. So we're pretty happy with that business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs. 
Stephen Grambling: One of the other differentials impacting gross margin, I think, was the step-up and the deleverage on the DC. Can you give us a little bit sense for how that line item should progress over the year? And could you actually see some leverage as you move into next year and lap some of those costs? 
Michael Hartshorn: Stephen, it's Michael Hartshorn. Yes, so in the first quarter, we actually got a benefit in distributions and we actually expect that to turn around in the back half. So distribution centers are going to be impacted both by the packaway-related timing costs and the fact that we just opened a new distribution center in Central Valley, California during the second quarter. As you move into next year, you'll still have a hangover from the additional DC in the first half of the year and then you should be able to leverage in the back half. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Drbul from Nomura. 
Robert Drbul: I guess, the question that I have is as you progress throughout the second quarter and as you look into fall, have you had to make price adjustments on any of your merchandise given the competitive landscape that you're seeing out there? 
Barbara Rentler: No, we haven't had to take price adjustments. We chase a big part of our business as we go, which is one of the reasons why we run usually with a conservative plan so that we can watch the promotional activity and understand where we need to be in relation to department stores. As Michael said, it's a value game, department stores to off-prices. 
Robert Drbul: And I guess, the second question that I have is with packaway being up, does it at all hinder your ability to buy sort of very close to need? Or are you making the investment in inventory now? Will that change the way you approach the business going forward? Or you have complete flexibility around it? 
Barbara Rentler: It doesn't hinder anything. We have complete flexibility around it. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Patrick McKeever from MKM Partners. 
Patrick McKeever: Just on the wage increase, I don't know if you've quantified the impact on margins, what kind of headwind, I guess, that amounted to in the quarter, but if -- I would like to know that. And if not, I mean, maybe some broad parameters around the wage increase, percent of employees that got it, that sort of thing. And how are you measuring the impact with Walmart there combining the wage increase with training and more flexible scheduling and some other things, just hoping to improve the in-store experience for customers. So I guess my thought is -- or my question is what's the ultimate objective there with you? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So let me start with the last piece. I mean, our ultimate objective is to continue to attract and retain great associates and we've been very pleased with our ability to do that over the last several years. The reason to take up wage rates this year was to ensure that we could continue to do that going forward. Now the impact on margin in the second quarter, there really wasn't one because we were able to find offsets in the business to neutralize the impact of the wage rate increase and that we were able to do that for the back half of the year, too. So as a result, it didn't really have an impact overall. In terms of more broadly looking at how we manage our resources, our labor, our associates, we're always looking for ways to improve how we do that. I'm not familiar with some of the examples that you just described, but we're always looking at other ways to improve both our customer experience and actually also our associate retention at Ross. 
Patrick McKeever: Okay. So Michael then, you're saying for the back half of the year, it's more -- this is going to continue to be more of a neutral factor as it relates to margins? 
Michael O'Sullivan: That's right. So it's in our guidance for the back half, that's right. 
Operator: And this concludes our Q&A session. I now turn the call back over for closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-20 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores First Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2014 Form 10-K and fiscal 2015 Form 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Balmuth, Executive Chairman; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Wong, Senior Director of Investor Relations.
 We'll begin our call today with a review of our first quarter 2015 performance followed by our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As noted in today's press release, we are pleased with our better-than-expected first quarter sales and earnings. Our results continue to benefit from value-focused customers responding favorably to our fresh and exciting assortments of name brand bargains.
 Earnings per share for the first quarter were $1.37, up from $1.15 in the prior year. Net earnings for the quarter grew to $282 million compared to $244 million for the same period last year. These earnings results include a benefit of about $0.04 per share mainly from the favorable timing of packaway-related costs that are expected to reverse in subsequent quarters. Adjusting for this expense timing, first quarter 2015 earnings per share rose 16% over the prior year period. Sales rose 10% for the quarter to $2,938,000,000 with comparable store sales up 5% over the prior year.
 Like Ross, dd's DISCOUNTS also posted better-than-expected gains in sales and profits for the quarter as customers continued to respond positively to their value offering.
 The strength in merchandise and geographic sales trends for Ross during the first quarter were relatively broad based. Juniors continues to be the best-performing category during the quarter, while the Midwest was the strongest region.
 Our first quarter operating margin grew to 15.7%, up from 14.6% last year. As we ended the first quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 20% over the prior year, while packaway levels were about 45% of total inventory. Average in-store inventories at the end of the first quarter were down slightly versus last year. The growth in total inventory reflects our ability to take advantage of increased closeout availability, a portion of which is from the ongoing West Coast port disruption. In addition, we increased inbound in-transit inventory to mitigate longer lead times from this situation.
 Let's turn now to our expansion program. Store growth remains on track with 32 new Ross and 5 dd's DISCOUNTS opening in the first quarter. For fiscal 2015, we continue to plan for about 70 new Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores.
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our first quarter results and details on our second quarter guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Let's start with our first quarter results. Our 5% comparable store sales gain was driven by a combination of higher transactions and an increase in the size of the average basket.  As Barbara noted, first quarter operating margins grew to 15.7%, up from 14.6% last year. Cost of goods sold improved by 80 basis points driven primarily by a 60-basis-point improvement in merchandise gross margin and a 5 basis points of leverage on occupancy. In addition, distribution center costs were lower by 25 basis points due to the previously mentioned favorable timing of packaway-related costs. These improvements were partially offset by a 10-basis-point increase in freight costs.
 Selling, general and administrative expenses improved by about 25 basis points during the period mainly from leverage on the 5% same-store sales increase.
 During the first quarter, we repurchased 1.7 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $176 million. As planned, we expect to buy back a total of $700 million in stock for the year under this new 2-year $1.4 billion stock repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors in February 2015.
 Let's turn now to our second quarter and updated full year guidance. For the 13 weeks ending August 1, 2015, same-store sales are forecast to increase 2% to 3% with earnings per share projected to be in the range of $1.19 to $1.24, up from $1.14 in the prior year period. Adjusting for our recently announced 2-for-1 stock split that becomes effective June 11, 2015, second quarter 2015 EPS is forecast to be $0.59 to $0.62, up from $0.57 in the prior year period.
 The operating statement assumptions for this year's second quarter are as follows: total sales are projected to grow 6% to 7% on a comparable store sales increase of 2% to 3%. We are planning to add 18 new Ross and 8 dd's DISCOUNTS locations during the period. Operating margin is projected to be 13.6% to 13.8% versus 14.3% in the prior year. As a reminder, the second quarter of last year included a onetime benefit of approximately 20 basis points from the favorable resolution of an outstanding legal matter. We are forecasting a slight increase in merchandise margins for this year's second quarter that is expected to be more than offset by higher costs from recent infrastructure investments, including the opening of a new distribution center in California during the quarter. In addition, we expect some deleveraging on expenses from higher wage costs. Net interest expense is estimated to be $2 million. Our tax rate is planned at 37% to 38%, and we expect average diluted shares outstanding before the effect of our recently announced 2-for-1 stock split to be about 205 million or 410 million post split.
 Moving to our outlook for the full year. As mentioned in today's press release, based on our first quarter results and second quarter guidance, we now project earnings per share for fiscal 2015 to be in the range of $4.72 to $4.87 compared to our initial guidance of $4.60 to $4.80. On a split-adjusted basis, earnings per share are forecasted to be $2.36 to $2.44, up 7% to 10% from $2.21 in fiscal 2014. Lastly, we will be making competitive wage adjustments beginning in the second quarter that are included in both our second quarter and updated annual earnings guidance.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. As mentioned earlier, we are pleased with our solid start to the year. For the balance of 2015 and beyond, we remain confident in our ability to successfully execute the strategies that have enabled us to deliver solid financial results over the past several years.
 Our top priority remains providing the most compelling values possible to our customers. The best way to accomplish this is by continuing to make strategic investments in our buying organization.  We believe this unwavering focus combined with our ability to tightly control both in-store inventories and expenses will enable us to show respectable sales and earnings growth over both the near and the long term.
 At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Ike Boruchow with Sterne Agee. 
Irwin Boruchow: I guess, Michael, maybe for you. To talk about the merchandise margin line, I mean, just, you guys are putting up some very impressive numbers there. Is that more a function of less markdown and less clearance in the store? Is it more a function of just the merchants getting -- being -- getting better buys? Just can you add some more color there for us? 
Michael Hartshorn: Ike, the margin improvement was really a combination of both. We did operate the business with lower inventories during the quarter, so that helped us have more full-price selling. In addition, we had some pretty good buys during the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: So understanding there's a lot of noise in the retail landscape today. Can you guys just kind of elaborate on some of the drivers between the more recent 4% to 6% comps that you're seeing today versus your multi-year 3% to 3.5% base case run rate? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. Matthew, it's Michael O'Sullivan. I'll answer that. Yes, we've been very pleased with our performance over the last few quarters, but there are a few reasons to be a little bit conservative as we look forward. Firstly, we think the macroeconomic and retail outlook remains pretty uncertain. You see that, and you get a sense of that in the recent results that have been announced by other retailers. Actually, that feeds into a second concern, which is those results themselves may cause the environment to become more promotional over the next few months. And then the third reason for conservatism is that we're up against our own tough multi-year comparisons. Now those of you who'd followed us for some time will know that this is straight from our playbook. In an uncertain environment, it makes sense for us to manage the business conservatively. If the markets promote -- sorry, weak or promotional, we can protect earnings, and if sales trend is there, we can chase the business. 
Operator: The next question is from Randy Konik with Jefferies. 
Randal Konik: I guess, Barbara, can you talk a little bit about the different long-term investments you want to make in the buying organization, what areas you think you need more kind of bulk in, what have you and why? And then as it relates to just dd's, kind of what do you -- so how should we just be thinking about the long-term economic model from here versus how you're thinking about the different profit -- obviously, the great profit margins you're able to put up in the Ross Stores? I'm just curious how we should be thinking differently or the same about dd's' economic model long term from here. 
Barbara Rentler: Randy, do me a favor. Just repeat on the first part where you said the long-term investment more. I missed the word you said. 
Randal Konik: Oh, I'm sorry. Just in the buying organization, just like what areas -- you talked about kind of adding to it. What areas do you really want to focus on and why? And then just the second question was more around the long-term economic model around dd's' concept. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, I would say from a merchandise perspective, it's very broad based. Our total business is very broad based. We've been pleased with some of the progress and things that we've made in some of our core businesses like Home. Our Junior business continues to be good. But overall, our total business is pretty broad based, and that is kind of how we're approaching it for the future. At this point in time, I would say, if I had to select one particular area, I would say it would be the continued investment in our Home business. As it pertains to dd's on the longer-term basis, Michael, economically. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So as it was mentioned in the earlier remarks, Randy, dd's posted better-than-expected gains in sales and profits for the quarter. That's been a common theme, actually, over the last couple of years, dd's achieving good sales and profit improvements, driven by, frankly, pretty similar actions to those that we've taken at Ross, particularly tight control of inventories and expenses. At this point, dd's has very similar four-walled economics to Ross. So we -- as we look out over the longer term, we're very confident with the dd's business model. We've opened -- well, we opened just over 20 stores, dd's stores in 2014. We're going to open a similar number of new dd's stores this year, and as we described before, we expect dd's can be a chain of about 500 stores. 
Operator: The next question is from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just wanted to understand a little bit. So you said roughly a $0.04 benefit from the packaway timing. Can you just explain a little bit how that works and also the math on getting from that to the 25 basis points in gross margin? Was there something else within SG&A that wasn't specifically quantified? Just a little color on that would be helpful. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Dan. It's Michael. So for packaway, we capitalize cost to procure store and process packaway merchandising, and that includes fixed cost. So we capitalize until those items are sold. When sold, we charge those to expenses or cost of goods sold. So in a period of rising packaway levels, the higher capitalization means there's a benefit to earnings. This year, packaway levels increased during the first quarter versus last year when they declined. In terms of impact, that $0.04 is worth about 45 basis points of favorability to the quarter. 
John Call: And Daniel, this is John. You mentioned -- you referred to G&A, but our DC costs are in our gross margin line. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay, maybe I didn't -- okay, so the 25-basis-point favor, I thought you said 25-basis-point favorability on the DC. Did that include the 45 within that, so to speak? 
Michael Hartshorn: It does. And what it means is the distribution center cost without the packaway would have delevered, and that's given the opening of the new DC in the middle of last year. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. Is that basically the unit cap? Is that kind of another -- is that the same thing when people talk about unit cap method? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, that's a good way to look at it. Unit cap's really for tax purposes, but it's the same concept. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And then I -- just one follow-up if I could. So did you feel like -- or is there anything where you saw, over the course of the quarter, a change in trend to the upside? Or anything where you could point to benefits from on the sales side or the cost of goods sold side from the port issues so far? 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of trends for the quarter, Dan, comp trends were steady throughout. After adjusting for the impact of the Easter shift, which fell 2 weeks earlier this year, there was not a meaningful disparity in trends either from a margin or a sales standpoint. 
Operator: The next question is from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. 
Stephen Grambling: Could you give us a little bit of a better sense of the wage increase and how this potentially changes the SG&A leverage point, maybe not only this year, but perhaps over the next 18 months? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. Stephen, on the first part of it, what are we planning to do on wages? We've mentioned in the call -- on the call in February that we expected to see more wage rate pressure this year and that we'd be making adjustments to keep wage rates competitive. One of the adjustments we will be making in the second quarter is to raise our minimum entry-level hourly rate to $9, and that adjustment, together with any offset, is built into the earnings guidance. 
Stephen Grambling: And then in terms of... 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then your second question on [indiscernible] ... 
Stephen Grambling: Yes, just in terms of the leverage point, does this change that leverage point longer term? 
John Call: I would say now, Stephen, as we look through fiscal 2015, we're working to offset those costs, so the leverage point would the same. And going forward, it's a little of an open book as to what [indiscernible] are going to do with their wage rates at this point. 
Stephen Grambling: Okay. And then may be taking a step back, certainly, there's been a lot of new competition and testing from some of the peers. How do you think about the primary competitive advantage of the Ross model? And maybe if you rank kind of scale buying supply chain for us. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So we operate in a very competitive and fragmented market. We're always expecting that there's going to be competitors or new entrants that are trying to capture share, and frankly, we wish them the best of luck. But we know that with our off-price model, when it's executed well, we can compete very effectively against all comers. So there's no single competitor or new entrant that we're worried about. As long as we offer great branded merchandise at attractive discounts, we're going to do just fine. 
Barbara Rentler: Stephen, I would also add that we're well positioned. We have buying team, a buying organization of 700 merchants, so this is our core business. And we've made a strategic investment over the years to build that team to be able to compete in all types of environments. 
Operator: The next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I wanted to follow up on the inventory increase in your packaway. Is most of that product -- will be flowing through the stores over the next couple of quarters? Or will we wait to see it coming through next spring? And I guess, just specifically, how that relates to the $0.04 of cost coming through the COGS line. 
Michael Hartshorn: Lorraine, on packaway, obviously, it varies by merchandise category. It's hard to predict what availability will look like over the remainder of the year. We view packaway as a top line driver as it represents some of the best values for the customer. Our guidance assumes that the additional packaway we had in the first quarter would flow through the store through the balance of the year, and that's also reflective of our guidance on the packaway credit. 
Operator: The next question is from Oliver Chen with Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: As we look forward to the comp going forward, do you feel like it will also be split by our transaction and size of the basket? And also, related to the inventory build, can you contextualize for us, was this in line with kind of your expectations? Or did you witness more bargains than you expected with the dislocation? I'm just curious about the context of the rising inventories and how that happened strategically and competitively relative to your actions. 
Michael Hartshorn: On the inventory, as we mentioned in the remarks, there were really 2 factors that drove the inventory increase. The first is higher packaway inventory as we were able to take advantage of the increased closeout availability. A portion of that was related to the port disruption. That piece was harder to predict, and we take advantage of what the market gives us. And in terms of the other piece, which is the inbound in-transit levels, that was our efforts to mitigate the longer port lead times, and we planned to do that as we will continue to watch the port. There's still longer lead times, and we'll continue to mitigate that with higher in-transit levels. And higher in-transit levels, thus, means we're putting stuff, imports on the water earlier or trying to ship around the West Coast port. 
Michael O'Sullivan: The other sort of key inventory metric to look at is average in-store inventory, and as Barbara mentioned in her remarks, that was down slightly versus last year. And what that tells you is that our in-store inventory is pretty fresh and in pretty good shape. With a 5% comp, we were able to achieve higher turns, which is 1 of the contributors to the higher margin. 
Michael Hartshorn: Oliver, on your other question on the components of sales, we have no reasons to believe that, that trend would change. 
Barbara Rentler: I just want to add... 
Oliver Chen: Okay. Just a final question -- sorry, go ahead. 
Barbara Rentler: No, I just wanted to add on the packaway. Part of what drives that number is really the great deals that we've gotten in the marketplace. Between the port dislocation and mixed sales results in Q1, there was a lot of availability, so we feel very good about the packaway that we have. It's a branded product at really great values that our customers expect, so we feel like it's a very good thing for us. 
Oliver Chen: Got it. And just a final question. You've had such stellar execution throughout the year and last year and holiday and back to school. So do you have any initial thoughts on your inventory flow versus last year and Gifting initiatives versus last year as you anniversary your own outstanding performance? 
Barbara Rentler: From the Gifting perspective, we were very happy with what happened in Gifting last year, but we feel like we haven't maximized that business yet. So that is one of the things in the fourth quarter that we will be focused on. Last year, we expanded in some new -- into some new classifications. We tested some new classifications, so we feel that we have a lot of room to grow in the fourth quarter. We recognize that we're up against some very big numbers. In terms of inventory flow, you mean just literally how the goods will [indiscernible]? Just trying to make sure I understand the question. 
Oliver Chen: Yes. And that was very helpful with categories. And you also mentioned Home in your earlier remarks. Is that something that is an opportunity for you? I guess, I'm asking as you post game holiday from last year, if you feel there were any elements that we should think about that's lower-hanging fruit as you approach it this year. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, I don't know if I think there's anything that's low-hanging fruit, but what I would say is that we don't feel like we've maximized -- we obviously don't feel like we've maximized those businesses. Our Home business has been getting progressively better over the last few quarters, and for competitive reasons, we wouldn't talk too more about -- too much more about it. But I would say is, again, we tested a lot of classifications, and we do that every year in an effort to increase the treasure hunt, drive sales, give the customer better experience. And so we feel that we can anniversary those numbers. 
Operator: The next question is from Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: I just wanted to ask, if I could, about the promotional environment. You talked about -- I think you were referring to potentially being more promotional. But is that in reference to anything you're seeing? And if I can just say one thing, where monitoring is -- department store inventories, which are up about 4% year-over-year, higher than they have been over the last couple of quarters. So is that giving you guys any pause to think that the promotional environment might be a little bit more intense over the coming quarters? 
Barbara Rentler: Yes, we do believe the promotional environment in Q2 will be much more aggressive than it was in Q1 based off the mixed sales results. 
Michael Baker: Right, okay, and so that's presumably in your guidance for the second quarter. Is that something that is also contemplated in the guidance for the full year? 
Michael Hartshorn: It is, Mike. 
Operator: The next question is from Laura Champine with Cantor Fitzgerald. 
Laura Champine: My question is really if you can update us on new store economics. On the new stores you're building this year for Ross and dd, how much do those cost? What do you think you'll see in first year sales? And what are the cash-on-cash returns from those new stores? 
John Call: Sure. In terms of the earnings [indiscernible], Laura, it hasn't changed that -- quite that much. Our CapEx is probably, given the mix of whether we take on a property we have to improve or whether you get a store that's already built out, on average, it's about $1.5 million. Working capital is another about $200,000. So if you take those economics, we get in our new stores lower volumes than our existing base, as one would assume. And as we roll out dd's a little more aggressively and enter the markets, the average volumes are probably in the 60s. You do that math. You get in-store returns in the mid-teens. You get a cash-on-cash return of right around 2 years. 
Operator: The next question is from Bob Drbul with Nomura. 
Karyn O'Brien: This is Karyn O'Brien filling in for Bob. I was just curious. Have you guys seen any material effects or underperformance in the regions more sensitive to the oil industry? You mentioned last quarter that you hadn't, but just curious if that -- if you'd seen any changes there. 
Michael Hartshorn: I would -- this is Michael. I'll answer that in terms of regional performance. As we mentioned on the call, the Midwest was the top-performing region, and that's been the case for the last year. In terms of our larger markets, which includes Texas, Texas and Florida were slightly above the chain, and California, our largest market, was in line with the chain. 
Operator: The next question is from Jeff Stein with Northcoast Research. 
Jeffrey Stein: Yes. Just a follow-up on that prior question. Within Texas, and I can't remember if you have any dd's locations in Texas, do the dd's -- and if you do, have those locations performed any differently than the Ross locations within Texas? 
Michael Hartshorn: No, they haven't. No, they haven't, Jeff. 
Jeffrey Stein: Okay. And I can't recall. I don't think you mentioned. Did Home underperform, perform in line or outperform apparel during the quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: Home was slightly ahead of the chain, average. 
Jeffrey Stein: Slightly ahead. Okay, great. 
Operator: The next question is from Patrick McKeever with MKM Partners. 
Patrick McKeever: Question on the website and what you're doing with social media. Looks like there's been a recent redesign of the website. I could be wrong but looks different to me. So is that the case? And then with marketing, maybe you could talk through what you're doing with social media, Facebook and Pinterest, those kinds of things. And do you feel like what you're doing is having much of an impact on the business, particularly the Juniors business, which continues to be very strong? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Patrick, we -- a few years ago, we started experimenting with social media, and now we actually -- we do allocate a portion of our marketing budget to those kind of media. And we've been pretty happy with the results, and you can expect to see more of that over time. What we like about social media is that the best marketing for us has always been word-of-mouth marketing. The customer finds a great bargain at Ross and then tells all her friends about it. And social media provides a way to sort of simulate that but to do it more extensively. So yes, so social media is certainly something we plan to do more of. 
Patrick McKeever: And the website, is that a redesign? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. We recently redesigned the website, and we do that periodically every couple of years. 
Patrick McKeever: Okay. And then just -- I know we're talking 1 or 2 stores, but with some of the announcements that have come out of some of the department stores, including Macy's and I guess, today, there's talk about Kohl's opening a sort of a maybe not off-price concept but some kind of a concept, smaller store with deeply discounted product. So the question is, is that a -- as you think about that becoming perhaps a bigger part of retailing, some of the bigger players getting into off price or opportunistic buying and merchandising, is that a concern? 
Michael O'Sullivan: I think that we're happy that people want to grow the off-price category. If they want to grow each share of the off-price segment, probably at the expense of other retail formats, that would be fine. But we actually have -- we think we have quite a strong skill set and set of capabilities that put us in a pretty strong position, and we've always operated in a very competitive environment. We never take the customer for granted, and we know that if we can execute well on our off-price model and deliver great bargains for the customer, we'll do well no matter who the competition is. 
Operator: The next question is from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I'm wondering if you could help us with order of magnitude either on the transaction increase, driving your comp or a average dollar sale that it's sort of equally split or was one a bigger driver of the quarterly comp. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, the -- as we mentioned, the 5% comp was transactions, which is our proxy for traffic, and also an increase in the basket. Between those 2, it was fairly equal. The basket increase was mostly driven by units per transaction, but AUR was up just slightly. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay, excellent. And then I'm wondering if you can talk about the sort of cadence of wage increases that you're looking to make. Michael, you obviously talked about the move to $9 here in the second quarter. Are you contemplating a move in 2016 to $10? Or how are you sort of thinking about the wage environment? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So yes, we think the labor market is fairly dynamic, certainly, on a market-by-market basis, so we prefer to make wage rate decisions on a closer-end basis based upon what we're seeing in terms of the market trends. As we've said before though, we expect wage rates are going to move up over the next few years. I think you're seeing that in the press almost everyday. So it's certainly something that we expect that we're going to be talking more about as we get into our budget for 2016 and our longer term plans. And certainly, when we think talk about our earnings guidance next February, my guess, it'll be part of that discussion, too. But I should say that although we're expecting wage rate pressure, 2 things: first of all, we're pretty confident that, over time, we'll be able to find efficiencies in our business to offset some of those cost increases; and secondly, there is a silver lining here in that the customer has more money in their pocket because of higher wage rates and that could well help our top line as well. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Terrific. My last question is just on the $0.04 benefit here in Q1. It sounded like you're expecting the packaway to be sold throughout the next 3 quarters of the year. Does that mean that the $0.04 benefit here in Q1 just sort of gradually gets rents through the cost of goods sold line in Q2, 3 and 4? Is that how we should think about it? 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, yes. At this point, packaway for us is really hard to predict, and it's based on what's available in the market. But our guidance assumes that it flows throughout the remainder of the year. 
Operator: The next question is from Anne-Charlotte Windal with Bernstein. 
Anne-Charlotte Windal: Was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on the traffic trends you're seeing and what type of order of magnitude are you seeing in terms of increase in traffic. And then if you could also elaborate a little bit on any type of traffic-driving initiative that you are either implementing right now or like looking forward to implementing during the balance of the year, so from a marketing standpoint. 
Michael Hartshorn: As we mentioned on traffic, what we said was about 1/2 of the 5% comp was -- was traffic. 
Michael O'Sullivan: In terms of our initiatives to drive traffic, I think I would say our approach is the same as it ever was. You've heard us say this before. The most effective way for us to drive traffic is to have great bargains in the store. That means the customer will show up, and through word of mouth, more customers will show up. So there's nothing new that we're going to be doing that's different to drive traffic. It's more of the same focus on value. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: I'm sorry if I missed this. I have been hopping on a few calls. But you've a great temporary leader in place at dd's, and I was curious what kind of changes or things are happening there, let's say, you're implementing that you've seen any traction with. And also along the lines of dd's, are you seeing traffic to that website? And is it getting any kind of consistency? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So on dd's, first of all, we certainly are making some improvements and changes at dd's, but that's a business that we're pretty happy with how dd's has been performing over the past several quarters. So we're very confident in the long-term future of that business. So I don't think there's anything I would call out at this point in terms of changes that we're making. In terms of the website, the website, really, is informational. We are -- as you know, we don't have any commerce business. We do track traffic to our website, and over time, we've seen a growth in that traffic. But it is, I want to be clear, is an informational website rather than a e-commerce website. 
Marni Shapiro: Great. Are you seeing increased traffic? Is the brand building more awareness at all? 
Michael O'Sullivan: On, what, dd's, specifically? 
Marni Shapiro: Yes, dd's. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So yes, dd's growth of traffic both to the website  and Facebook page and other areas of social media, we've seen quite significant growth in traffic targeting dd's across those different media. 
Marni Shapiro: Fantastic. And then just one follow-up also on dd's. As you go to the market for dd's merchandise, are you able to leverage the Ross power? Are you going in there and saying, look, this is Ross' little sister and potentially bigger sister, who knows, but this is Ross' little sister. And is that helping you to gain access to brands that maybe you might not have had access to? 
Barbara Rentler: I would say a little. On occasion where we think it's appropriate for the 2 teams to travel together, they'll travel together. But overall, really, dd's, at this point, is 150-some-odd stores. We have a pretty big pencil, and they go out, and they shop different resources, different vendors, and they do it on their own. But there is some slight overlap. 
Operator: There are no further questions. I will turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-25 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2013 Form 10-K, fiscal 2014 Form 10-Qs and fiscal 2014 and 2015 Form 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Balmuth, Executive Chairman; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Wong, Director of Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with the review of our fourth quarter and 2014 performance, followed by our outlook for 2015. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 
 As noted in today's press release, we are pleased with our fourth quarter sales and earnings, both of which were well ahead of our expectations as our value offering on a wide assortment of name brand bargains and gifts resonated well with our customers. Earnings per share for the fourth quarter increased 18% to $1.20, up from $1.02 in the prior year. Net earnings for the quarter grew to $249 million, up from $218 million last year. Sales rose 11% for the quarter to $3,033,000,000 with comparable store sales up 6% over the prior year.
 For the 2014 fiscal year, earnings per share grew 14% to $4.42, up from $3.88 in 2013. Net earnings in fiscal 2014 grew to $925 million on sales of $11,042,000,000 with comparable store sales up 3% for the year. Like Ross, same-store sales at dd's DISCOUNTS posted solid gains for the quarter and for the year as their customers responded favorably to dd's value offering. As a result, dd's DISCOUNTS was able to deliver another year of solid growth in ongoing operating profit in 2014.
 The strength in merchandise and geographic sales trends for Ross during the fourth quarter were relatively broad based. Juniors continue to be the best performing category for both the quarter and the full year, while the Midwest was the strongest region for both periods. Our fourth quarter operating margin rose 45 basis points to 13.1%, benefiting from slightly higher merchandise gross margin and leverage on expenses from our robust comparable store sales gain. In addition, operating margin for the full year increased 13% -- 13 points to 13.5%.
 As we ended 2014, total consolidated inventories were up 9% over the prior year while packaway levels were about 45% of total inventory compared to 49% last year. Average in-store inventories were down approximately 3% at the end of 2014. 
 As noted in today's release, our board recently approved a new program to repurchase $1.4 billion of common stock over the next 2 years through fiscal 2016. This represents a 27% increase over the prior 2-year $1.1 billion program that was completed at the end of the fourth quarter. The board also recently approved an increase in the quarterly cash dividend to $0.235 per share, up 18% on top of an 18% increase in the prior year.
 The growth of our stock repurchase and dividend program has been driven by the significant amounts of cash our business generates after funding store expansion and other capital needs. We have repurchased stock as planned every year since 1993, and this is the 21st consecutive annual increase in our cash dividend. This consistent record reflects our unwavering commitment to enhancing stockholder value and return.
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our 2014 results and details on fiscal 2015 full year and first quarter guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Let's start with our fourth quarter results. Our 6% comparable store sales gain was driven by a combination of higher transactions and an increase in the size of the average basket. As Barbara noted, fourth quarter operating margin grew 45 basis points to 13.1%. Cost of goods sold was flat to last year with merchandise gross margin increasing 10 basis points.
 Occupancy levered by 15 basis points and freight declined by 10 basis points. Distribution expenses were also lower by 10 basis points due to the timing of packaway costs. These favorable trends were offset by a 45 basis point increase in buying expenses mainly driven by higher incentive and severance costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses improved by 45 basis points during the period mainly due to leverage on the 6% same-store sales increase.
 During the fourth quarter, we bought back 1.5 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $132 million, which completed our 2-year $1.1 billion stock repurchase program. For the year, we repurchased a total of 7.4 million shares for an aggregate price of $550 million.
 Let's turn now to our 2015 guidance. As noted in today's press release, while we hope to do better, we believe it's prudent to remain somewhat cautious in our outlook due to a combination of ongoing volatility in the macroeconomic and retail climates as well as our own tough multi-year comparisons. In addition, our 2015 guidance incorporates pressure on earnings from recent infrastructure investments we've been making to support our long-term growth. As a result, for fiscal 2015, we are forecasting earnings per share to be in the range of $4.60 to $4.80, up 4% to 9% from $4.42 in fiscal 2014.
 The operating statement assumptions for the full year in 2015 are as follows. Total sales are projected to grow 5% to 6% on a comparable store sales increase of 1% to 2%. We are planning to add about 70 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores. Operating margin for 2015 is projected to be 13.3% to 13.5% versus 13.5% in fiscal 2014. This reflects our plans for a slight increase in merchandise margin that is expected to be offset by some deleveraging on operating costs if same-store sales are up 1% to 2%.
 Net interest expense is estimated to be about $14 million, which includes the impact from our bond offering in last year's third quarter. Our tax rate is planned at 37% to 38%, and we expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 204 million.
 Capital expenditures in 2015 are projected to be about $450 million, down from $650 million in 2014 when we purchased our New York buying office. Depreciation and amortization expense inclusive of stock-based amortization is expected to be approximately $340 million, up from $290 million in 2014.
 Let's move now to our first quarter guidance. For the 2015 first quarter, we are targeting earnings per share to be $1.21 to $1.26, up from $1.15 in the first quarter of 2014. Following are the assumptions that support this range. Total sales are projected to increase 6% to 7% over the prior year. This sales growth is based on our plans to open 32 new Ross and 5 dd's DISCOUNTS with same-store sales projected to increase 2% to 3% on top of a 1% increase in last year's first quarter. If sales are within this range, we would expect first quarter operating margin of 14.6% to 14.8% compared to last year's 14.6%. In addition, we're planning about $4 million in net interest expense in the first quarter. Our tax rate is expected to be in the range of 38% to 39% and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are estimated to be about 206 million.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. To sum up, our ongoing ability to deliver compelling bargains on wide assortments of fresh and exciting name brand fashions for the family and the home resulted in another year of solid sales and earnings growth in 2014. For the balance of 2015, we will continue to focus on the initiatives that have driven our success over the past several years.
 First, our top priority will always be delivering the best values possible to our customers. As a result, we will continue to make strategic investments in merchandising. The people and processes of this critical organization are key to gaining access to the most desirable name brand products available in the marketplace.
 Second, we will continue to operate our business with lean selling store inventory levels. Over the past several years, we have reduced in-store inventories by more than 40%, which has contributed to improved sales and gross margins. Again, in 2015, we are planning selling store inventories to be down slightly on top of these multiyear declines.
 And finally, we will continue to maintain tight expense control in our distribution centers, stores organizations and back-office functions. This has helped drive profitability while still enabling us to invest in the most vital areas of our business to support our long-term growth. We believe the ongoing execution of these initiatives will result in respectable sales and earnings growth in 2015 and beyond.
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Paul Lejuez with Wells Fargo. 
Paul Lejuez: Just wondering if you're seeing a pickup in product availability as a result of the port slowdown and if you're assuming the benefit on the merchandise margin side in your guidance. And then just second, separately, where are you from an AUR and basket size right now Ross versus dd's? And how does -- how do you figure that, that changes as you look to 2015 and beyond? 
Barbara Rentler: Okay, Paul, you have a few questions there. First question, port availability, there's been significant port availability and we see that continuing as we go into Q1. Whether the seasonality becomes packaway or flow remains to be determined. Benefit on the gross margin, it's hard to estimate what that would look like without knowing what it is that you're buying, so we feel that our guidance is appropriate for where we sit today. AUR and basket, I think... 
Michael Hartshorn: I'll take that one, Paul. So the basket for Ross is a little over $30. It's been like that for some time. Obviously, we had a benefit in the basket this year. In terms of AUR, Ross is a little over $10. For both of those, dd's is about 20% less than Ross. 
Operator: And the next question is from David Mann with Johnson Rice. 
David Mann: A couple quick questions. In terms of traffic, it looks like traffic is starting to pick up a little bit again for you. Can you just talk about what you're thinking about in terms of how you're driving improved traffic and the outlook for '15? And then my follow-up or other question would be, you've had a change in leadership, I guess, at dd's. The other executive left. Can you just give us some context of that if possible and what changes have happened? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So on your first question, David, traffic, yes, we've been very happy with how traffic has picked up over the last couple of quarters. In terms of plans to drive traffic, it's always the same with us. It's all about having the best merchandise in the stores. We found over time that's really the one thing that really stimulates traffic. In terms of dd's, what I'd say about dd's' is we're very happy with how dd's performed in the fourth quarter. Actually, its comps was in line with Ross, which is obviously very good, and we're very pleased with how that business is doing from a sales and a profitability point of view. We continue to see dd's as a chain that can grow to 500 stores or so. Now there has been a change of leadership at dd's as you mentioned. We have a very strong senior leadership team -- sorry, senior merchant team at dd's and for now they're going to be reporting to Michael Balmuth. 
Operator: The next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Lorraine Maikis: You have a number of infrastructure costs running through the P&L this year. Once those are lapped, are there other areas of investment that you expect? Or would you think that sales gains would flow through a bit stronger to the bottom line? 
Unknown Executive: Lorraine, on the infrastructure cost, we think that in the P&L for 2015, it's probably worth about between 20 and 30 basis points of EBIT. And obviously, there's the interest related to the bond that we offered to purchase in the New York buying office. So I think we are -- obviously based on the guidance we provided for 2015, we're working hard to find offsets of those costs. And once those are dialed in and we anniversary those costs, we won't be up against the same level of headwind. 
Michael Hartshorn: Lorraine, the only thing that I would add to that is because our last distribution center will open midyear, it will still have some drag as we move into 2016. 
Operator: The next question is from Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Can you just give us a quick update on the stores in the Midwest and plans to expand further? And Michael, did I just hear that you were taken from the CEO role back to chief merchant in charge of dd's? It made me laugh a little bit. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Marni, we may not comment on the second point. But... 
Marni Shapiro: Fair enough. 
Michael O'Sullivan: On the first point, the Midwest, we're very happy with how Midwest performed in Q4 and actually throughout last year. Actually, over the last several quarters, the Midwest has been one of our top performing regions. If we step back a little bit, when we entered the Midwest 3 years ago, we said we are expecting to build a successful business there over time. And certainly, the recent progress has reinforced our confidence in that. 
Marni Shapiro: Was there a change in the way you're merchandising the stores? Or it's just building blocks and as it gained momentum it's going in the right direction? 
Michael O'Sullivan: No, I would say in the back half of 2013, we saw some opportunities for improvement in terms of merchandising and planning, and we executed on those at the end of 2013, and I think we saw the benefit of that during the course of 2014. 
Michael Balmuth: And Marni, this is Michael. Yes, you did hear correctly. I will do that in addition to my other responsibilities, and I hope I can be up to this task. 
Marni Shapiro: Well, welcome back. I might move back to 7th Avenue and sell you some goods. I promise you a good deal. 
Operator: The next question is from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just you may have itemized this a little bit at the beginning, but could you talk a little bit about some of the better and if there were any underperforming categories or at least categories that weren't quite as strong as the chain average? A little more detail on that in regional. And then just a follow-up question, if you could flush out maybe a little bit more on what the infrastructure investments are, and just any comment on certain other major retailers recently announcing planned wage increases. What's -- any view on that? 
Michael Hartshorn: Dan, it's Michael Hartshorn. I'll start with your sales question on regional performance. As we mentioned in our comments, the Midwest was our strongest region. Among our other regions, Texas was also very strong for us. California, our largest region, performed just below the chain. In terms of merchandise performance, actually performance is very broad based. We did mention Juniors. Again, it's our best performing category. In terms of infrastructure investments, if you recall last year, we purchased our New York buying office. We also opened a distribution center in the Southeast. So both of those had a headwind in the back half of last year. In addition, we are planning to open another distribution center midyear. So those investments taken together will have about 30 -- 25 to 30 basis points drag on earnings in 2015. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And Daniel, I think you were also alluding -- in the last part of your question, alluding to some of the recent announcements about wage rate increases. Obviously, those announcements are fairly recent. But we would expect that they will have an impact on wage -- on industry wage rates. Of course, they will. In fact, we'd expect the labor market will tighten up in general as the economy improves. We evaluate labor market trends over time and that will include looking at these recent announcements. And typically, we set rates on a market-by-market basis, and we'll certainly make adjustments to keep our wage rates competitive. It's very important that we continue to attract and retain great people. I should say that as we always do, if we do make changes, we'll look to mitigate the impact of any cost increases through reductions or productivity improvements elsewhere in the business. Just one final thought though, I think it's worth noting that rising wage rate is actually -- it's a good thing in the sense that it shows that the economy is picking up and suggest the consumer will have more money in their pockets. So it could have a beneficial impact to retail sales. 
Operator: The next question is from Anne-Charlotte Windal with Bernstein. 
Anne-Charlotte Windal: I was wondering what your outlook is at this point on the overall consumer health and the moderate income consumer in particular. 
Michael O'Sullivan: We're not economists. We're not trained experts in terms of what's likely to happen in the economy. But clearly, there are some positive signs. I think lower unemployment, lower gas prices, those are good things. But we have no way of knowing whether those trends will be sustained over time. So for us, given sort of what continues to be an uncertain environment, the best thing for us to do is to manage our off-price business to be as nimble and flexible as possible, which means planning and operating our business relatively cautiously especially at the start of the year, and then that gives us a chance to chase business if the sales trend ends up being stronger. So bottom line is we don't really know what's going to happen in the economy, but if we manage our business flexibly, we should do just fine. 
Anne-Charlotte Windal: I guess my question is also around, so obviously, you're seeing a pickup in traffic. And so do you think this is mostly driven by the fact that you have a very compelling assortment and value? Or do you think that's also -- is that the consumer in general is getting stronger? 
Michael O'Sullivan: It's always -- in retail, in our business, it's always about value. So I do think that our merchant team did a great job in the fourth quarter in particular in terms of putting great bargains in front of the customers. But that's certainly helped to the extent that the consumer's feeling better maybe because of gas prices or because of lower unemployment or for whatever reason. So I think it's kind of a combination of things. 
Operator: The next question is from Bob Drbul with Nomura. 
Robert Drbul: I guess the question that I have is, on the store expansion plan, are you seeing any heightened competition for locations in terms of leases and opportunities out there? 
Michael O'Sullivan: We continue to be pretty happy with the real estate availability that we're seeing. Obviously, we plan these things several years in advance, 2 to 3 years out. And we have a very strong real estate team, and we are very happy with the pipeline of locations that we're seeing. 
Robert Drbul: Got it. And I don't know if you went over this, but can you comment a little bit on the Home business in terms of the trends within Home and how you guys are executing that? 
Barbara Rentler: Our Home business, we were very pleased with the Home business in the fourth quarter. It was in line with the strong comps that the company had. I would say that basically, if you broke the Home business down into 3 buckets, we have various different levels of development. So in the decorative portion of our business, we're moving forward at a pretty good rate. In the bed and bath portion of our business, it's selling a little bit behind but we feel that we're moving in the right direction. And then in some of the other businesses, the one-off businesses that don't kind of fit into those main businesses, pet or things along those lines, we feel like we're moving in the right direction. So overall, our Home business starting from 2 years ago fourth quarter has been moving in the right direction. And in some businesses, it's just taking us a little bit longer than others, but we feel very confident in where we're going. We feel like we have a good vision and a direction, and we feel positive about it in '15. 
Operator: The next question is from Ike Boruchow with Sterne Agee. 
Irwin Boruchow: Just a quick one on dd's. I was curious, are you seeing continued margin expansion within that business? Could you talk about store productivity there? And then has anything you've seen over the last 12 or 24 months helped you when you kind of think about your ultimate long-term store target within that concept? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Ike, yes, as I mentioned a little bit earlier, we were very happy with dd's sales performance in Q4 and actually throughout 2014. And along with that, the business also showed very solid gains in profitability. That's actually been a theme over the last few years with dd's, achieving solid sales gains and significant profit improvements. That expansion in terms of the operating profit has happened because we pursued very similar actions at dd's to what we've taken at Ross in terms of tight inventory control, tight expense control. So we're very happy with that performance. In terms of anything we've seen in the past year or so that's caused our outlook to change, no, nothing really. I think we put a figure out there a few years ago now of 500 stores that we thought dd's was capable of getting up to a 500 store number. It's currently 150. We opened around about just a little over 20 stores last year. We'll open a similar number this year. So we continue to be very positive about dd's' outlook. 
Operator: The next question is from Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: A couple of follow-ups. So you're planning on 20 to 30 basis points of expenses to run through the P&L this year. Can you remind us what it was in 2014? I know your initial guidance was that same 4% to 9%, but you came in significantly above that. So did the investment cost come in lower than the 20 to 30 basis points, which looks to be about $0.07 to $0.10 or so? 
Michael Hartshorn: No, it was -- Mike, this is Michael Hartshorn. It was in line with that 20 to 30 basis points. It was in the back half of the year, so you'd have to half that for the full year impact, but very similar to the back half of the year. Then I'd say remember, so in the first half of the year, we'll be anniversary-ing the investments we made in the third and fourth quarter of 2014 and then we're putting a new DC in midyear in 2015 that [indiscernible]. 
Michael Baker: So I guess in that sense, the expenses are actually higher in 2015, if we're sort of taking just a half year in 2014 and a full year in 2015. Is -- am I thinking about that right? 
Michael Hartshorn: That's right, with the new distribution center. 
Michael Baker: Okay. And then one other follow-up, just on the wage discussion. Can I infer from your comments that a wage increase is not necessarily in your guidance right now, although it is something that you might contemplate and try to mitigate at some point in the year, not really in the guidance yet? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Well, there's some wage rate pressure in the guidance. Obviously, we operate in a number of states that have relatively high or increasing minimum wages. Obviously California being a prime example, so we built in those wage rate increases. But there could well be, for all the reasons people have -- for all the reasons you read in the papers, there could be more wage pressure ahead. That's certainly a risk and as I said, we'll look for ways to mitigate any of those increases. 
Operator: The next question is from Oliver Chen with Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen: Regarding the comp, could you give us a rough sense of the breakout between traffic and ticket? And in your guidance, is it mainly traffic driven in terms of what you're thinking initially? 
Michael Hartshorn: Oliver, sure. In terms of the comp, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, the 6% comp was driven by a combination of higher transactions, which for us is our proxy for traffic, and an increase in the size of the average basket. The basket increase was mostly driven by an increase in units per transaction, but AUR was up slightly as well. And then in terms of how we think about the comp, we don't look at the breakout of traffic or transaction size. We just look for the overall number when we're doing [indiscernible]. 
Oliver Chen: Okay. And just a broader question, bigger picture as you think about long-term growth drivers and how your consumer is moving. How do you think omni-channel and mobile will play out? I know your ticket isn't particularly elevated and shipping is a real consideration in terms of the economics. But is he or she have cross-shopping aptitude? 
Michael O'Sullivan: I think the answer is yes, I'm sure. We have quite a diverse customer base I'm sure. Many of our customers are cross-shopping. But I would say that the one thing that our customer -- the big driving factor with our customer is that they're looking for value. So as long as we can offer them great value, we'll do well in terms of capturing business for that customer. You made a couple of points about the ticket and delivery cost, et cetera. It's very hard for someone, a $10 average unit retail, to offer the kind of value that we offer in our stores. 
Operator: The next question is from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Barbara, you mentioned in your prepared remarks and in the press release that you're maintaining a sort of cautious outlook here in 2015. The fourth quarter was a 6% comp and 18% earnings growth is probably going to stand out as one of the very best in retail. Is there anything happening in your own business that's sort of giving you that cautious outlook? Or are you just looking out more broadly speaking across the retail landscape and believe this is the most prudent way to manage the business? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Actually, Kimberly, it's Michael, I'll answer that. It's really the second bucket that we look out over the landscape. We don't see anything specific, but the environment continues to be fairly uncertain and volatile in terms of the macroeconomy in the retail sector. And we have our own fairly tough multiyear comparisons that we're up against. So it's really those 2 main factors that cause us to be a little bit conservative. And as you've certainly heard us talk about in the past, we feel like managing our business conservatively works for us no matter what happens. If the market is weak or promotional, it allows us to protect earnings. If the market is stronger, we've shown, for example, in the most recent quarter, we've shown our ability to chase earnings -- to chase business. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. I just have a follow-up for Michael Hartshorn. Can you comment on new store productivity? It looks like the spread between sales, growth and comp growth would suggest a 75% to 80% new store productivity number. But if there's a better number I could use, that would be really helpful. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Kimberly. That's actually a little high. I mean, as you can imagine, as we've grown our store base in the new markets and also grown the dd's brand, our new store productivity has come down a bit. It's in the range of 60% to 65% is kind of the current level for Ross. We don't talk about dd's. And the good news about that is as you can see from our Midwest performance, these newer stores tend to comp faster and turned up to be overall average. 
Operator: And the next question is from Roxanne Meyer with UBS Securities. 
Roxanne Meyer: Two questions for you. First, just wondering if you could comment on your 1Q comp guidance of 2% to 3%. It's obviously above your full year guidance and typical guidance, and I'm just wondering what you're seeing out there to give you that confidence. And secondly, I'm wondering if you could comment on your marketing strategy. Was there anything that you did differently that really helped you drive that 6% comp in the fourth quarter? Or anything new to talk about for your plans for 2015? 
Michael Hartshorn: Roxanne, it's Michael. In first quarter guidance, we wouldn't talk about trends as we enter the year. But suffice it to say that, that was our easiest compare for the -- versus last year. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then Roxanne, on your question about marketing, no, nothing really changed here. Our marketing message and our marketing strategy is typically very consistent. It's all around we offer the best values, and nothing really changed in that regard in the last quarter. 
Operator: And the next question comes from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Kayla Berg: This is Kayla Berg on for Neely Tamminga. Just wondering if you could give us any color on store performance by state. And specifically looking at Texas, have you guys seen any of an impact there with oil job loss? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Kayla, I think in Barbara's remarks, she pointed out that the top performing region was the Midwest. What I can tell you is Texas was pretty close behind that. So it was one of our top performing regions. So I guess the answer is no, we've seen no fallout from any of the oil and gas price declines in Texas. 
Operator: The next question is from Dutch Fox with FBR Capital Markets. 
Dutch Fox: I had 2 questions, one regarding the new stores you're opening. Should we think about those as fill-in stores? Are you exploring new markets? You mentioned that you're opening up a DC in the middle of '15. Would that be to support some new markets? Or is the stores you're building this year, is that more backfill in existing markets? And I'll follow up. 
Michael Hartshorn: Dutch, our supply chain network, our DCs -- all DCs shift to our stores, so there's no regional supply chain strategy for us. So the new DC will support actually the whole chain. And in terms of store growth, we'll continue to grow in existing markets. We'll continue to grow in the new Midwest region that we opened in -- that we entered in 2011. 
Dutch Fox: Okay. Great. And also, I noted in your prepared comments you said that the packaway was at 45%. And I may have misunderstood your commentary regarding the port strike. It made -- the packaway was down year-over-year. You made it sound like you're not quite seeing any disruption yet from the port or availability from the ports, but you possibly anticipated seeing it forward. Is that right? 
Michael Hartshorn: Just real quickly in terms of the numbers. So at the absolute packaway levels, we're actually flat to last year. The percentage was lower because we had a lot more in transit because of the port strike. So absolute packaway levels were actually flat with last year. 
Barbara Rentler: And we are seeing availability from the port. We saw it in the fourth quarter and we continue to see it now. 
Michael O'Sullivan: One other follow up to what Michael Hartshorn just said. Although total inventory levels were up, as Michael said, that was largely because inbound was up. If you look at average inventory per store, the selling inventory, it was actually down 3% on an average store basis. 
Dutch Fox: Okay. Great. And I guess just one last one, the $4.60 to $4.80, just to 100% clarify, that does not include any sort of wage rate, just to be perfectly clear on it. If you were to raise wages, that would impact the high end of that $4.80 that you guided to? 
Michael O'Sullivan: It does include wage rate increases that we know about, such as minimum wage increases such as California. It doesn't include further wage rate pressure. But then again, as I said in my early remarks, we may well look for ways -- we'll certainly look for ways to mitigate any expense increases that we may face because of further wage rate pressure later in the year. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Howard Tubin with Guggenheim Securities. 
Howard Tubin: I'm just curious to know how you feel about the overall promotional environment as we enter the spring season, whether you see it as more aggressive than it was last year. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, I think what we're going to see in the promotional environment in 2015 is more of what we saw in the fourth quarter. I mean, it was a very aggressive retail environment, and we think that, that's going to continue into Q1. 
Operator: And the next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about the level of CapEx, which comes down a bit this year given the real estate last year, what is the -- where should we see a steady-state level of CapEx? Is 450 the right number? And how do you bucket the breakdown in CapEx and what it's spent on? And lastly, on the improvement in merchandise margin that you've been seeing, how do you see that going forward? Does it come from categories? Does it come from pricing? 
Michael Hartshorn: Dana, in terms of capital spending, 450 is a -- it's pretty decent baseline for future years. In terms of what -- how that breaks down, about 1/4 of that is for new stores, 1/4 is for remodels and in-store maintenance, 1/4 is for supply chain capital spend with our new distribution centers and other projects in the supply chain and 1/4 is technology and all other capital spend. 
Operator: The next question is from Patrick McKeever with MKM Partners. 
Patrick McKeever: A question on the weather in the fourth quarter and just I'm wondering if you think it had much of an impact one way or the other. It was pretty warm out west and a good -- across a good portion of your store base. And of course, it was colder in the Midwest and you had outperformance in that region, but wondering if there's anything notable there with the weather. 
Michael Hartshorn: Patrick, I'd say overall, weather wasn't a factor. I think we did get a benefit in January. We were up against pretty tough weather last year, but I think that's the only factor we saw in the quarter. 
Patrick McKeever: How about the earlier Easter? Is -- I assume that's in the guidance. Do you expect that to be a negative or not much of an issue? 
John Call: I'd say, in fact -- this is John. I don't think the early Easter is much of a factor. Weather clearly has a much more determined impact on the overall first quarter results than a shift in the Easter calendar. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler for closing remarks. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-19 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2014 Form 10-K and fiscal 2014 forms 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to the company's Chief Executive Officer, Barbara Rentler. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Balmuth, Executive Chairman; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Wong, Director of Investor Relations.
 We'll begin with a review of our third quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the upcoming holiday season, after which, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As noted in today's press release, we are pleased with our better-than-expected performance in the third quarter. Our results benefited from our ongoing ability to deliver compelling bargains to our customers, which drove above-plan sales gains and strong merchandise gross margins.
 Earnings per share for the third quarter of 2014 were $0.93, up 16% from $0.80 in the prior year. Net earnings for the quarter were $193 million, up from $172 million last year. Sales rose 8% to $2,599,000,000, with the comparable store sales up 4% over the prior year.
 For the first 9 months of 2014, earnings per share were $3.22, up 13% from $2.86 for the same year-to-date period in 2013.
 Net earnings grew to $676 million, up from $619 million for the first 9 months of 2013. Sales increased 7% to just over $8 billion, with comparable store sales up 2% over the same period in 2013.
 Similar to Ross, same-store sales at dd's DISCOUNTS increased for the quarter and year-to-date periods, as their customers also responded favorably to dd's' value offering. 
 Juniors and Home were the strongest businesses at Ross during the quarter, while the Midwest and Texas were the top-performing regions.
 Operating margin of 11.8% was up about 55 basis points over last year due to a 40-basis-point improvement in cost of goods sold and a 15-basis-point decline in selling, general and administrative expenses. Michael Hartshorn will provide additional color on these operating margin trends in a few minutes.
 As we ended the third quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 5% over last year, while packaway levels were 42% of total inventories compared to 45% at this time in 2013.
 Average in-store inventories were down 2% at the end of the quarter, and we continue to target selling store inventories for the balance of the year to be down 1% to 2%.
 We also completed our 2014 store expansion program during the third quarter. After closing some older locations at year end, we expect to end fiscal 2014 with 1,210 Ross and 152 dd's DISCOUNT locations for a net addition of 86 new stores this year.
 With respect to infrastructure investment, we closed on the purchase of our New York buying office property in September as planned, financing the transaction with proceeds from our recent public bond offering of $250 million. During the quarter, we also brought online a new distribution center in Rock Hill, South Carolina.
 While these investments create some expense headwinds in the short term, we are confident they will enhance our prospects for the continued profitable growth to our enterprise over the longer term.
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our third quarter results and details on our guidance for the fourth quarter and the year. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Our 4% comparable store sales gain in the third quarter was driven by a combination of slightly higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket.
 As Barbara noted, third quarter operating margin grew 55 basis points to 11.8%. Cost of goods sold improved by 40 basis points, benefiting from a 55-basis-point increase in merchandise gross margin and a 5-basis-point improvement in distribution costs due to the timing of packaway-related costs. This was partially offset by a 10-basis-point increase each in freight and buying.  
 Selling, general and administrative expenses improved by about 15 basis points during the period, mainly due to the leverage on the 4% same-store sales increase.
 During the quarter, we bought back 1.9 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $141 million.  Year-to-date, we have repurchased a total of 5.9 million shares for an aggregate price of $418 million. We remain on track in 2014 to repurchase a total of $550 million in common stock, which would complete the 2-year, $1.1 billion authorization approved at the beginning of 2013.
 Let's now turn to our guidance for the fourth quarter. As noted in today's press release, for the 13 weeks ending January 31, 2015, we continue to project a 1% to 2% increase in same-store sales and earnings per share in the range of $1.05 to $1.09. This compares to $1.02 for the 13 weeks ended February 1, 2014.
 For the fourth quarter of 2014, operating statement assumptions include the following: Total sales are forecast to increase 5% to 6% on the previously mentioned 1% to 2% projected increase in same-store sales. If sales are within this range, we would expect fourth quarter operating margin to decline about 30 to 50 basis points to 12.2% to 12.4% on relatively flat merchandise gross margin with some deleveraging on expenses.
 As previously mentioned, buying and distribution costs are forecast to increase as a percent of sales due to the acquisition of our New York buying office and the ramp-up of our new distribution center in South Carolina. 
 In addition, we are planning about $2 million in net interest expense in the fourth quarter mainly related to our aforementioned bond offering.
 Our tax rate is expected to be 37% to 38%, and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are estimated to be about 207 million. Again, if the fourth quarter sales and margin perform in line with our forecast, then we project that earnings per share for the 52 weeks ending January 31, 2015, would increase 10% to 11% to $4.28 to $4.32.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. To sum up, our ongoing focus on delivering compelling bargains on name-brand fashions for the family and the home have driven respectable sales and earnings per share growth in the first 9 months of the year. It's important to note we achieved these gains in a very challenging climate for apparel retail, especially given the ongoing difficult and volatile macroeconomic backdrop that continues to especially pressure the low- to moderate-income customer.
 Looking ahead, we are pleased with our assortments as we enter the important fourth quarter. Our merchants have done a terrific job of acquiring a wide array of exciting and sharply-priced name-brand fashions and gifts to appeal to today's value-driven shoppers. That said, we believe it is prudent to maintain a cautious outlook as we have all year, given continued uncertainty in the overall environment and the likelihood of an intensely competitive and promotional holiday season.
 To address these headwinds, we will stay focused on operating our business with lean selling store inventories and tight expense control. As always, our most important priority is our unwavering commitment to offering our customers the best bargains possible. We are confident that the investments we are making in infrastructure, people and processes will further strengthen our ability to deliver the value our customers expect.
 As we have said a number of times, consistently delivering on this mission will always be the key to maximizing our potential for future sales and earnings growth over both the near and the long term.
 At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Lorraine Maikis: I just wanted to ask about your fourth quarter merchandise margin guidance of flat. Is there an opportunity there, given the decline that you saw in the fourth quarter of last year on the gross margin line? And anything to call out as opportunities there? 
John Call: Lorraine, this is John. As Barbara mentioned, similar to how we've operated during the year, we are entering the quarter cautiously, optimistic that if things go our way, we can do better. So I wouldn't read anything into the -- in terms of how we have it planned flat. We think we do have some upside if we can operate into what looks to be a very, very competitive fourth quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro of The Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Can you just talk a little bit about -- we heard a lot of noise about the weather, and I know it's not something that's usually a big deal for you guys. But now that you're in the Midwest and we're coming up against a very cold third quarter of last year, can you think -- can you talk a little bit about the Midwest and how you're thinking -- how the third quarter was and how you're thinking about this winter versus last winter? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, I guess -- Marni, it's Michael O'Sullivan. Let me cover that with 2 points. First of all, in terms of weather, weather can always be more or less favorable, especially at this time of the year going into the fourth quarter. Certainly, in the third quarter, weather really wasn't a factor. We don't know what's ahead of us in the fourth quarter from a weather perspective. In terms of the Midwest, more broadly though, we've been very happy with how we performed in the Midwest over the last few quarters. And I think we've mentioned almost a year ago that we were unhappy with some aspects of the Midwest, particularly the assortments. And we don't think those were -- those problems were caused by the weather. They were caused by internal issues in terms of how we plan those assortments. We've corrected those, so we're hoping to do better. And as we go into the fourth quarter, we'll have to find out whether those things have paid off or not. 
Marni Shapiro: Fantastic. And if you could just give us an update as well on the Accessories part of the business, any color around it? 
Barbara Rentler: The Accessories business, the first half of the year really struggled, but we saw in the third quarter that we've seen some improvements. It's still trailing the chain. We feel a little bit better about it in the fourth quarter, and we expect to be back on track by spring of '15. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez of Wells Fargo. 
Paul Lejuez: As you're thinking about growth, store growth for next year, I'm just wondering how you're thinking has evolved in terms of the optimal store size as you continue to grow both in existing and new markets. Have you thought any differently about what is the right size for any given store, considering that you've been able to take a lot of inventory out of the stores over the last couple of years? 
Gary Cribb: Sure, Paul, I'll take that. This is Gary. We have looked at our store prototype, and we have a very flexible model that allows us to take advantage of real estate opportunities as well as right sizes in any particular location. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine of Canaccord. 
Laura Champine: I'm just wondering if you can let us know how you assess that the promotional environment will be more competitive this Q4 than it was a year ago. Is it just the pace of the promotions? Or how do you look at your competitive set? 
Barbara Rentler: We are anticipating that the promotional environment will be much more aggressive. And we look at 2 things: we look at the pace, the amount of times that our competitors promote; and we also look at the depths that they promote. Since we're in the value business off of mainstream retailers, we're constantly monitoring that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Hofkin of William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: I guess, one question I would have would be, I know it's still somewhat early in this, but with gas prices coming down, how big a benefit do you think it was in the tail end of the quarter? And is that something that you think could be a potential source of upside in the fourth quarter if things kind of hold where they are right now, not assuming they continue to go down, but... 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. Daniel, I guess, conceptually, lower gas prices, in fact, anything that puts more money in the customers' pockets is a good thing. But it's very difficult for us to isolate a single variable like that, like gas prices. There are so many other factors, some good, like the decline in unemployment rates or the anniversary-ing of cuts in government programs; but some bad factors as well, like the increase in part-time work or the lack of wage growth for low-income workers. So we're not economists, so it's hard for us to sort of calibrate those things and trade them off against each other. So we really don't know to what degree gas prices helped or to what degree they'll help going forward. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And then, can you talk about maybe some of the other regional performance? You talked about the best regions, what were -- if there were any regions that were below the chain materially. And same thing on the merchandise side in terms of the other categories that maybe performed not as well or better than average. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. On the regions, as Barbara said in her remarks, the top-performing regions were the Midwest and Texas. Other than that, there were no other areas of regional performance that are worth calling out. And then on the -- in terms of businesses, our top-performing businesses were Juniors and Home. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And then kind of by the same token, nothing else was materially different on the other direction? 
Michael O'Sullivan: That's right. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And then would you -- I missed a little bit of the part where you discussed the gross margin, the components of the gross margin. Would you mind just repeating those quickly? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Daniel. It's Michael. So for the quarter, merchandise margin was up 55 basis points, and that was offset by freight and buying, which is about 10 basis points each. And then distribution was slightly better due to the timing of the packaway. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Konik of Jefferies. 
Randal Konik: I guess my question is regarding the infrastructure and process improvements or investments you're making. You talked about some of the near-term expense headwinds. When do those headwinds lift? And what are some of the measurable benefits you expect to see from these investments? Is it things like stronger inventory turns? Or what should we expect in terms of the penetrated payout long term on those investments? 
Michael Hartshorn: So Randy, it's Michael Hartshorn. So the infrastructure investment, as we mentioned, there are really about 3 things: it's opening 2 new distribution centers and opening -- purchasing our New York buying office. In terms of the distribution centers, it gives us the capacity to grow into what we believe to be 2,500 stores. So that is the capacity play. Those investments tend to be a bit lumpy. But we -- after we get through the 2 new distribution centers, the second of which will open mid next year, we shouldn't need any capacity for the next couple of years. 
Randal Konik: And can I ask you a follow-up then on the buying office? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. 
Randal Konik: So do you expect to see any measurable change in the number of vendor partners you're using over the next 5 years? Or kind of how should we think about the sourcing side of the business over the next 5 years and how that may change or not change? 
Barbara Rentler: We're always looking to increase our vendor base, and so that's why we continue to invest in the merchant organization, so that they can go out and build relationships to get better access to closeout and to add additional resources. So we expect it to grow. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger of Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Michael, just a couple of questions for you. Did you receive any benefit in the third quarter from your physical inventory in margin? Also, you mentioned that traffic was up slightly in the quarter. It sounds like you saw a bigger increase in the average basket. Is that coming from the average unit retail price or units per transaction? And then for Barbara, I'm wondering if your buying team is starting to see any inventory dislocation from the disruption of goods flowing through the port? And if not yet, do you think that might be an opportunity for inventory acquisition in the future? 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, on shortage, so like last year, our physical inventory results were very similar to our ongoing shortage accrual, so there was no impact of a true-up during the quarter when we took the physical inventory. Our results, again, improved on top of historically low levels, so we're very happy with the progress we've made there. In terms of the composition of comp, as we mentioned in the remarks, our comp was up 4%, driven by a slight increase in transactions and a higher basket. The basket increase was entirely driven by higher units per transaction as AUR was flat to last year. 
Barbara Rentler: And as it pertains to inventory from the port, it's hard to tell. There is -- it's a buyers' market. There's a lot of merchandise in the market right now to buy. It's hard to differentiate if it's from the port or not. But what I would say is that whenever there's a disruption like that in the marketplace, it definitely leads to supply. So you would expect that we would see supply sometime at the end of this year and into the beginning of next year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Stein of Northcoast Research. 
Jeffrey Stein: A question on dd's. So I'm wondering, are the same factors that are driving your performance at Ross also driving dd's with respect to traffic transaction? And also maybe you can just talk a little bit about some of the category performance there. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. Jeff, as you know, we don't disclose dd's financials separately. It's just not material to the overall corporation. But in broad terms, as Barbara mentioned in her remarks, dd's comp performance was strong in the third quarter, so we're very happy. 
Jeffrey Stein: Any comment -- can you comment at all, Michael, on category, just category performance at dd's? 
Michael O'Sullivan: No. We typically don't break that out separately for the dd's business. 
Jeffrey Stein: I see. And then finally, can you just talk a little bit about your trend, your business trend during the third quarter? Was it fairly even throughout the quarter? Or did it get better or worse towards the end of the quarter? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. This is Michael again. Sales ran ahead of plan for us throughout the quarter. The strongest months were August and September when we -- when the back-to-school customer was motivated to shop. The trend slowed a bit in October with warmer weather. 
Jeffrey Stein: Great. And Michael, CapEx for next year, do you have any thoughts? 
Michael Hartshorn: At this point, we wouldn't talk about next year. It will come down, though, based on the infrastructure investments we made this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Mann from Johnson Rice. 
David Mann: A question about the SG&A line. I'm just curious, with the 4% comp, anything that held you back about leveraging that operating expense number a little bit more, which might have been expected on such a good comp? 
Michael Hartshorn: David, it's Michael, again. So I think what we said longer term is that we usually lever around a 3% comp. So with the 4% comp and 15-basis-point improvement, it's about in line with that longer-term model. It is a bit worse than the second quarter. But as a reminder, we had about a 20-basis-point benefit from a legal matter in the second quarter. 
David Mann: And then in terms of inventories at the store level, what's your latest thought process about any ability to take those inventories down further? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. David, as you're aware, we've taken inventories down very aggressively over the last several years, something in the order of 40%. We continue to shave inventories and trim them where we can. At the end of the third quarter, inventories were down 2%. We're expecting them to be down another point or 2 at the end of the fourth quarter. And then we're putting our plans together for next year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow of Sterne Agee. 
Irwin Boruchow: Two quick ones, I guess. I know you've already talked about this, but the merchandise margin increased 55 basis points, so sequentially better than Q2. I'm just curious, I guess, Michael, if you could just dig in what exactly helped drive the sequential improvement in the year-over-year margin gain. And also, it doesn't look like you bought back any stock in Q3. I can't remember the last time you guys didn't buy back stock in the quarter. Was there a reason for that or just a timing thing? Just curious there. 
Michael Hartshorn: So first on the stock, we did buy back stock during the quarter. We bought it back sequentially, pretty similar to what we bought back in the first half of the year by quarter. So -- and then on margin gains, the improvement during the quarter was a combination of faster turns and lower inventory, and also our ability to take advantage of the buying opportunities in the marketplace, which customers responded favorably to. So a little bit of markdowns and a little bit of markup drove the margin performance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Can you give an update on the planning and allocation at the more local level and what you're seeing there? How is that going? And then as you think broadly about improving sales productivity over the next few years at dd's and at core Ross, where should it come from? And how do you think of the size of the box? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Okay, Dana. It's Michael O'Sullivan. I'll take the first part of your question about more local planning and allocation. As you know, we've rolled out a fairly major program, micro-merchandising, about 3 years ago. And the idea of that, the intent was that we would be able to plan and trend our business at a more detailed level, a more local level. It's impossible for us to isolate the impact just of micro-merchandising, but certainly, it's been a major enabler of our ability to reduce inventories over the last several years by making sure that we have the right product in the right place at the right time. 
Dana Telsey: Okay. And then sales productivity? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sorry, what was the second part of your question, Dana? 
Dana Telsey: On the sales productivity, where do you think -- what is an optimal sales per foot for dd's and for Ross? And what drives it there? Is it new categories? Is it tickets? 
Michael O'Sullivan: At a high level, I think what really drives our sales productivity is having the best values we can in the store. And we -- all the time, we're looking at across different categories, different areas of merchandise, even new categories to see whether we can drive additional productivity. That's kind of the ongoing program. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: So my question is, how do you guys think about what's going on with department stores and how that impacts your business? One thing we've seen this quarter, and even last quarter, is that department store inventories are in much better shape and their gross margins look better. Does that raise the pricing umbrella for you guys, making it easier for you to operate and not have to discount as much? Conversely, I guess, one risk might be that there's less product available. Although I think if you're getting less from department stores, you're getting more from vendors. How do those dynamics play out? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, I would say there's a few things, Mike. One, first of all, in terms of availability, there is a lot of products in the marketplace. In terms of department stores versus how they price, we really look at the value. So we look at where they are in pricing versus where we need to be in pricing so that we offer the customer great branded bargains. And so that's really how we kind of -- how we look at it. Their level of inventory... 
Michael Baker: Right. And so... 
Barbara Rentler: I'm sorry, their level of inventory and how they promote usually increases with their level of inventory, traditionally. 
Michael Baker: Right. So I guess that's the question. Their inventories have actually -- the year-over-year growth inventory is as low as it has been in 5 or 6 quarters, so I would suspect that they're not promoting as much. And then because of what you just said and because of that, I would think that you wouldn't have to promote as much. Has that had any impact in your business this quarter or do you think it might going forward? 
Barbara Rentler: So actually, Mike, they have promoted significantly this quarter, both in -- most department stores, particularly the mid-tier. And so there's been heavy promotions that have gone on this quarter, and we're expecting that to have -- to continue into the fourth quarter. Actually, we're expecting that to get even more promotional. We don't promote, so we're in an everyday-value business, so we have to anticipate where we think they're going to be, and then set our values based off of where we think they're going to bench their promotions. But in Q3, they absolutely promoted, and we are anticipating them to be even more aggressive in Q4. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roxanne Meyer from UBS. 
Roxanne Meyer: My question is about Home. I'm just wondering how far above the chain did Home perform? And can you talk to the areas of Home maybe that led in performance and whether there's still opportunity for some niches within Home to still ramp up? 
Barbara Rentler: We were very pleased with our performance in Home. It was a better-than-expected performance. We feel the merchants really did a fine job of delivering exciting, great products at great values. In terms of what areas performed in Q3, I really -- don't really think it's appropriate for me to talk through that. What I can tell you is that in Q4, we're very focused on gifts and home. And I would say our Home performance was better than the chain in terms of measurement. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Jaffe of Stifel. 
Richard Jaffe: And I know you've talked about the opportunities out in the marketplace, and I'm wondering if you could just comment further on that. The port strike seems to have -- or the slowdown in the Port of Los Angeles seems to have provided some opportunities, particularly not only for this season, but for packaway. I'm wondering how you're thinking about those opportunities and if you might get more aggressive, given what might be the unique nature of some of the opportunities this year. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, Richard, the way we look at that is, packaway is really -- it is opportunity. So we look at each deal on a deal-by-deal basis. So we don't go out and say we want to raise our packaway levels or contract our packaway levels. The merchants are really out in the market, constantly shopping to see what becomes available. And if the port could become available a little bit sooner than later, some we would slow this quarter, some we would move into '15, depends when we get them. But really, the science to it is it has to be a terrific brand to great value to put it into packaway so that the customer really feels good about it when it comes out the following season. 
Richard Jaffe: So even though you've operated in a pretty tight parameter of packaway, sort of 38% to 42% roughly, you wouldn't, given the circumstances, allow that to increase should circumstances, as you describe them, prevail? 
Barbara Rentler: There's no target number up or down. Packaway is really the result of what's available and how great the bargain is. So if we found packaway that was terrific, that we could -- and the number would go above 42%, that would be fine. And when it drops, sometimes that's based on the quality of products that we see. It moves -- it's kind of a moving target. It really becomes -- it really goes to the value of the product and what we see, and when we bring it back out to the customer, will she appreciate that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Drbul from Nomura. 
Robert Drbul: I guess the 2 questions that I have, can you just give us an update on your thoughts around the Internet and e-commerce? And any potential interest internationally? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Bob, so on e-commerce, we've looked at e-commerce a number of times. We continue to monitor what's happening in terms of e-commerce, but we don't have any plans to launch an e-commerce business at this point. We operate a $10 average unit retail business, and we just -- every which way we've looked at it, we just don't see how there's an economically sustainable model at that kind of price point. There may be at a much higher price point, but then you're no longer in the moderate off-price business. So we don't plan to pursue e-commerce at this point. And in terms of international, no, no plans at this point to launch an international business. 
Robert Drbul: Got it. And on a category basis, can you talk a little bit about how you're positioned on outerwear heading into the fourth quarter? 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Our outerwear business, we plan outerwear and seasonally sensitive products in Q3 pretty conservatively. As we get into Q4, we plan it specifically by region. So from what we gather from micro-merchandising, which tells us which regions and what types of products, we take that along with the merchant instinct and what we see in the market. But overall, we feel that outerwear is an opportunity for us as we go forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Montagna of Avondale Partners. 
Mark Montagna: A question about gift giving versus last year. I'm wondering, did you place a bigger emphasis on gift giving this year? I think that's what you had mentioned on the last call. Is that across all categories? Or is it primarily in the Home category? 
Barbara Rentler: Yes, we have increased gift giving this year. It is primarily in Home, but it does go across Apparel also and other categories, whether it's in sweaters or tops or men's fleece or across the board. 
Mark Montagna: Okay. And then just back to the outerwear question. Did you bring it in earlier this year versus last year? Or -- I'm just curious how it anniversaries versus last year. 
Barbara Rentler: Seasonally sensitive products in Q3, we traditionally plan conservatively. And if it sells -- since October is kind of a dicey month, if it sells, we go out and we chase it, or we pull up packway if we have packaway goods available. So -- I'm sorry? 
Mark Montagna: Yes, I'm referring more to Q4. 
Barbara Rentler: Oh, to Q4? 
Mark Montagna: Yes. 
Barbara Rentler: We feel pretty good about outerwear. We have -- listen, outerwear is one of the areas where we are finding our way and learning as a company, especially as we move into these colder regions. So our strategy for outerwear this year was really to expand the assortment and to try to really get the regionality correct of heavyweight versus mid-weight. So we feel pretty good about it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick McKeever from MKM Partners. 
Patrick McKeever: Question on new store productivity and just new stores in general, since you continued to open 80 to 90 stores. So the question is -- and maybe you could just provide some general commentary around your new store performance. The way I look at it, the new stores are doing about 70% or so of a mature store volume in their first year. So just wondering if that's accurate, and what you're seeing on the real estate front, those kinds of things. 
Michael Hartshorn: So in terms of new store productivity, as we've entered the new markets, they have fallen a bit as expected based on customer recognition in those markets. In terms of how they're performing versus our plans, we're pleased with the performance as they've actually run ahead of our initial plans. 
John Call: Say, Patrick, your calculations are about right. 
Patrick McKeever: Okay. And then on real estate, any changes in terms of what's out there? I mean, I've heard from a few retailers that the commercial real estate market is tightening up a little bit here as the economy continues to improve. Are you seeing that in the locations that you're targeting as well? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Well, I would say, Patrick, we're happy with the availability of real estate locations that we're looking at. We have a very strong real estate team, and they're pretty well networked. So we don't see any major issues in terms of real estate availability at this point. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling of Goldman Sachs. 
Stephen Grambling: So just a follow-up on one of the questions that was asked earlier on CapEx next year. Can you just remind us of some of the buckets of incremental spending that you had over the past couple of years? And then, I guess, as a follow-up to that, what's the capacity that you have for packaway at this point? 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of CapEx, Stephen, so a base level without the infrastructure investment is somewhere around $400 million to $450 million. This year, we're projecting it to end about $700 million, and that includes the New York buying office for about $222 million and $150 million of DC infrastructure. And Stephen, if you go back to 2012, you can look at base levels there. We added -- '13, '14, we started building DCs. They'll complete in '15. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And on the last part of your question, Stephen, on packaway capacity, we operate a pretty flexible distribution infrastructure in terms of storage. So packaway capacity is really not a gating factor in terms of how many -- what the packaway balance can go to. 
Stephen Grambling: Great. And one other follow-up, if I may. Your plans for, I mean, not necessarily e-commerce, but just digital as a strategy into the holiday or any other things that you're doing differently as you've described a more -- as you're anticipating a more promotional environment. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. Not a lot of new news in terms of marketing. We have over the last several years devoted more and more of our marketing budget to digital. We see digital as a good sort of proxy for word-of-mouth, which is kind of something we've always relied on very heavily, that the customer will spread sort of the -- will talk about the great deals they've gotten at Ross with their friends. And we see digital as a way of doing that. So we're doing more of that this year, but other than that, nothing else significant to call out. 
Operator: There are no further questions in the phone lines at this time. I would now turn the call back to Barbara Rentler. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-20 23:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2013 Form 10-K and fiscal 2014 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Barbara Rentler, the company's Chief Executive Officer. 
Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on the call today are Michael Balmuth, Executive Chairman; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Wong, Director of Investor Relations. 
 We'll begin with a brief review of our second quarter and year-to-date performance, followed by our outlook for the second half of fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you have.
 As noted in today's press release, second quarter sales performed at the high end of our expectations, as today's value-focused consumers continue to respond to our wide assortment of competitive name-brand bargains. Merchandise gross margin was above plan, which, coupled with strong expense control, enabled us to deliver quarterly earnings per share that were above the high end of our guidance.
 Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended August 2, 2014, increased 16% to $1.14, up from $0.98 in last year's second quarter.
 Net earnings for the period grew 12% to $239.6 million. Second quarter 2014 sales rose 7% to $2.730 billion, with comparable store sales up 2% on top of a 4% gain in the prior year.
 For the 6 months ended August 2, 2014, earnings per share grew 12% to $2.30, up from $2.06 last year. Net earnings year-to-date rose 8% to $483.5 million, up from $447.7 million last year. 
 Both the quarter and first 6 months results include a onetime benefit to earnings equivalent to approximately $0.02 per share from the favorable resolution of an outstanding legal matter.
 Sales for the first 6 months of 2014 increased 6% to $5.410 billion with comparable store sales up 2% on a consolidated basis versus a 3% gain in the same period last year. Same-store sales at dd's DISCOUNTS also increased for the quarter and year-to-date periods, driving solid gains in its profits. 
 The strongest merchandise category for the quarter at Ross was Juniors, while the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic were the top-performing regions. 
 For the second quarter, earnings before interest and taxes grew to a record 14.3% of sales, up from 13.6% last year. This increased level of profitability was driven by a 25 basis point improvement in cost of goods sold, mainly due to a higher merchandise gross margin and a 45 basis point decline in selling, general and administrative expenses, which benefited from tight expense control and the resolution of the aforementioned legal matter.
 As we ended the second quarter, total consolidated inventories declined about 5% compared to the prior year, with average in-store inventories down about 2%. Packaway was 43% of total inventory compared to 46% for the same period last year.
 Our expansion program remained on track in the first half with the opening of 53 new Ross and 14 dd's DISCOUNTS. We continue to target about 95 new locations for the full year in 2014, comprised of approximately 75 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS. 
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our second quarter results and details on our second half guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. The 2% comparable store sales gain in the second quarter was mainly driven by the growth in the size of the average basket, with the number of transactions flat to last year.
 As mentioned earlier, operating margin grew by about 70 basis points in the quarter to a record 14.3%. A 25 basis point improvement in cost of goods sold was mainly driven by higher merchandise margin, which grew by about 35 basis points over last year.
 In addition, freight and buying costs improved by about 10 and 5 basis points, respectively. These favorable results were partially offset by a 15 basis point increase in distribution costs and about 10 basis points of deleveraging on occupancy.
 Selling, general and administrative costs improved by about 45 basis points due to tight expense control and an approximate 20 basis point benefit from resolution of the aforementioned legal matter.
 During the second quarter, we repurchased 2.1 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $139 million.
 Year-to-date, we have bought back a total of 4.1 million shares for an aggregate price of $277 million. 
 We remain on track in 2014 to buy back about $550 million in common stock, which would complete the 2-year $1.1 billion authorization approved at the beginning of 2013.
 Let's now turn to our second half guidance. For the 13 weeks ending November 1, 2014, we continue to project same-store sales to increase 1% to 2% and are forecasting earnings per share to be in the range of $0.83 to $0.87, up from $0.80 in last year's third quarter.
 For the 13 weeks ending January 31, 2015, we are also planning same-store sales to be up 1% to 2%, with earnings per share projected to be $1.05 to $1.09, up from $1.02 for the 13 weeks ended February 1, 2014.
 As a reminder, our second half guidance incorporates interest and occupancy costs associated with the acquisition of our New York buying office and the opening of our new distribution center in Rock Hill, South Carolina. 
 Now I'll provide some additional operating statement assumptions for our third quarter EPS targets. Total sales are expected to grow about 5% to 6%, driven by a combination of new store growth, and as previously mentioned, same-store sales that are forecasted to be up 1% to 2%.
 We plan to open 28 new stores during the period, including 20 Ross Dress for Less and 8 dd's DISCOUNTS.  We are targeting operating margin to decline 10 to 30 basis points versus last year. Net interest expense for the third quarter is planned to be about $2 million. Our tax rate is expected to be 36% to 37% and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are estimated to be about 208 million.
 Moving to our outlook for the full year. We are now projecting earnings per share for the 52 weeks ending January 31, 2015, to be in the range of $4.18 to $4.26, up from $3.88 in fiscal 2013.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. To sum up, our ongoing focus on delivering compelling values on name-brand fashions for the family and the home throughout our stores drove respectable sales increases and solid earnings per share growth in the first half of the year.
 We also achieved these gains in a very challenging climate for apparel retail, especially given the ongoing difficult macroeconomic backdrop that continues to pressure our customers' discretionary spending.
 Looking ahead to the second half, we will continue to offer our customers competitive discounts on wide assortment of desirable merchandise, while also running our business with lean selling store inventories.
 As an off-price retailer, we have the flexibility to buy closer to need and will continue to stay very liquid with plenty of open-to-buy to take advantage of the great opportunities we expect to see in the marketplace over the balance of the year.
 We remain confident in the resilience of our off-price business model and our ability over time to successfully execute the proven strategies that have enabled us to deliver solid financial results even in challenging climates.
 To provide the foundation we need to maximize our growth over the longer term, we will continue to invest in important infrastructure assets, such as new distribution centers and the purchase of our New York buying office.
 Our most important focus is, and always will be, our unwavering commitment to offering shoppers the best bargains possible. We are confident that the ongoing investments we are making and our merchandise organizations, people and processes will further strengthen our ability to deliver the value our customers expect. Consistently delivering on this mission will always be the key to optimizing our potential for future sales and earnings growth. 
 At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Brian Tunick with JPMorgan. 
Brian Tunick: I guess, Barbara, curious on your comments about the Juniors category. I know it's been a standout now for at least a year or 2. But wondering what other categories you also are excited about and you see as an opportunity to drive comps in the back half. And then on the flat traffic result -- and I know, obviously, also coming off a couple of years of strong results. But can you maybe highlight in addition to marketing maybe what are some other things that you and the organization are looking at in order to improve on the flat traffic numbers? 
Barbara Rentler: First, let me start with the comments on Juniors. Yes, our Juniors has been one of our strongest business for years. I would also say that we feel pretty strongly that we're making great progress on our home business. We have, really, in the second quarter progressed in our assortments, and we -- excuse me, just a second. We're moving in the right direction. We stabilized our leadership, and we've identified some ideas to attack the business. So in the second quarter, home ended in line with the chain, but the sales progressed as the quarter progressed. We're actually feeling pretty positive about home for the back half and for gift-giving, and we feel that there's really more to come in that business. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then Brian, on the second question about traffic, as Barbara mentioned in her remarks traffic levels were flat in the second quarter versus last year. In terms of what we're doing to stimulate traffic -- mainly, our focus is always to improve the assortments. We find that's always the most effective way to drive traffic [ph]. So basically, the things that Barbara just highlighted, Juniors, home, et cetera, those are really going to be the things that stimulate traffic in our stores. 
Operator: The next question is from Bob Drbul with Nomura Securities. 
Robert Drbul: I guess, the question that I have is with the Midwest performing at the top of the chain right now, does that impact your geographic plans for the region? And can you comment a little bit more about the -- some new store opening and how the new store productivity are tracking? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Bob, yes, as Barbara has said in her remarks, we're very happy with how the Midwest performed in the second quarter. It's actually the second quarter in a row where the comp performance has been pretty good. Now I would caution you, in 2013, we were not happy with the trend in the Midwest, and we made some changes to the assortments. So those changes have started to pay off, and that's why we are seeing the performance we are seeing. However, we are now going into the back half of the year. The weather obviously gets cooler, and cold weather assortments are very important in that region. So we're going to need to get that right, and we're focused on that. In terms of new stores more generally, we're pretty happy with how new stores are opening. And I would say that's been true for the last couple of years. Our new store productivity has been very good. We've been very happy with it. 
Operator: The next question is from Ike Boruchow with Sterne Agee. 
Irwin Boruchow: Question about the inventory packaway about 3 points lower year-over-year. Is there anything more to that in terms of the buying that you -- that transpired during the quarter, the buying environment? Anything you could share? 
Barbara Rentler: Well, what I would say is that in the second quarter, we really kept ourselves liquid, and we were able to flow a lot of the great deals that we got and pass along the bargains to the customer. 
Operator: The next question is from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: Question, I guess, just about the second half guidance a little bit, and not so much on the comps, but the margins that you're expecting. You just had a quarter where, obviously, some of it was the legal settlement but still a nice improvement in the -- both the gross margin and SG&A. So just wondering, aside from the 1 to 2 comp versus the 2 that you just reported, what would make the operating margin decline 10 to 30 in the third quarter? Is that just conservatism? Or are there some other factors there related to some of the investments that you're making? 
Michael Hartshorn: Dan, in terms of the back half guidance, what we said in the comments is the infrastructure investments, we're making the opening of a new [indiscernible] purchase of the New York buying office. Those, along with the legal settlement in the second quarter, that obviously won't repeat in the second half. These represent the difference between the first half EPS growth and the high end of the second half guidance. In terms of EBIT margin impact, the infrastructure investments represent roughly 30 basis points of EBIT margin, along with the additional interest costs to finance the New York buying office. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And can you just remind us again kind of how that infrastructure -- okay, so 30 basis points, that's within the third quarter alone? 
Michael Hartshorn: Third and fourth quarter. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay, pretty similar over the back half overall. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. A little bit more in the fourth quarter because we open the DC in mid-quarter and finance the New York buying office mid-third quarter. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And then could I ask you to just provide a little more color on other categories and the regional performance? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. During the quarter, Juniors was the strongest performer. Accessories trailed the chain for us in terms of merchandise categories. Geographically, the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic were the strongest, and Pacific Northwest trailed the chain, due in part to the strong comps in 2013, when they were one of the strongest performing regions. 
Operator: The next question is from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. 
Stephen Grambling: Just a follow-up on the guidance question. It looks like you are anticipating a bit of a slowdown, it looks like on a 2-year stack basis as it relates to the comp. Is there anything that's underscoring that? Is there anything you can talk to in terms of the comp and traffic trends throughout the quarter and back-to-school? 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of the comp trends during the quarter, sequentially, the comps improved as we progressed through the quarter, and July was the strongest month for us, Stephen. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then in terms of the outlook, Stephen, the comp guidance kind of reflects how we feel. We think the moderate customer continues to be under pressure. We don't see a lot of evidence that, that's going to change in the back half. We could be wrong, but we don't see a lot of evidence of that. And we expect the environment to remain pretty promotional. 
Stephen Grambling: And then if I can sneak one follow-up in, just to change gears a little bit. You do have some lumpy CapEx coming up. Is that -- is there any reason, with the interest rate environment where it is, why you wouldn't take on some leverage to fund the distributions, for example? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. So, Steve, we do -- as Michael mentioned, we do plan to take on a little bit of leverage to finance the New York buying office. And overall, as we look at our capital structure, we've looked at various different scenarios, different risk-return profiles. We actually like the flexibility of our current capital structure. It gives us the ability to grow, take advantage of opportunities as we see them. As you know, our first priority has always been investing in the business, investing in the growth of the business and then returning cash to shareholders. And our preference is to return cash to shareholders in more of a planned and deliberate way as opposed to kind of a onetime recap. So that's our view of our current capital structure and taking a little bit more leverage. 
Operator: The next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I wanted to follow up on the drivers of the higher basket size. Was that a higher ticket or units? And are there any strategies in place to try to continue to drive that basket size higher in the back half? 
Michael Hartshorn: Lorraine, as we mentioned, the 2% comp was driven by the basket, as transactions were flat. The increase in the basket was mainly driven by units per transaction. AUR was just up slightly. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And in terms of the strategy to continue to grow the basket size, it's really more of the same in terms of improving the assortment, making sure we have great selection of bargains for the customer to take home. 
Operator: The next question is from Jeff Stein with Northcoast. 
Jeffrey Stein: Can you tell me how you're planning to finance the buying office and how you arrived at that $2 million interest expense assumption for Q3? And I presume we should just kind of annualize that going forward? 
Michael Hartshorn: Jeff, yes, you would annualize it, and we haven't discussed how we're going to finance it yet. But it will happen mid-third quarter. 
Jeffrey Stein: Okay. Can you tell us -- just kind of curious what the average basket size is right now at Ross compared to dd's. 
Michael Hartshorn: Ross is about 30 and dd's is slightly below that. 
Operator: The next question is from Oliver Chen with Citigroup. 
Oliver Chen: I had a question about the merchandise margin. It was attractively up. What were the main categories or dynamics driving that? And is your expectation that, that will be flattish for the back half? And just to follow up, if you could talk to us a little bit about how you're thinking about online over the next 3 to 5 years as part of the strategy, that would be great. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Oliver, our merchandise margins, the improvement was basically split between higher markup and lower markdown. Now average unit retail, our pricing was flat in the quarter. So that higher markup was really from better buying. That's what drove better markup. And then, obviously, the improved markdowns were from tight inventory control. So those were really the components of it. In terms of online, we actually have quite active program with online marketing, and we don't have [indiscernible] there. We're planning to experiment more with those types of vehicles. In terms of e-commerce, we don't have any plans to get into e-commerce at this point. 
Oliver Chen: Okay. Just the better buying, was that specific to any category? Or was it as a whole in terms of your tight inventory management? 
Michael O'Sullivan: It was broad based. 
Operator: The next question is from Laura Champine with Canaccord. 
Laura Champine: When you look at the back half, what's your expectation for freight? Is that pressuring gross margin in the back half? And if so, how much? 
Michael Hartshorn: So Laura, as [indiscernible] tighten up, [indiscernible], et cetera, we're always seeing some pressure on freight. It's all dialed into the guidance I gave in the back half. 
Operator: The next question is from Roxanne Meyer with UBS. 
Roxanne Meyer: I'm just wondering if you can give us an update on just how you feel about your consumer and any changes in behavior between 1Q and 2Q. I mean, it sounds like it's still a tough environment out there, and your consumer is still struggling a bit. But you obviously posted a nice improvement to the comp, but I'm just wondering if you've noticed any patterns in consumer behavior. And secondly, just wondering if you could share any operational initiatives going on in-store that could help drive comps in the back half of the year. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Roxanne, I'll take the consumer question and then maybe Gary will answer the operational question. On the consumer piece, we haven't really seen any major shifts from Q1 to Q2. But I think it's pretty apparent that the low- to moderate-income customer is struggling. I think you're seeing that in the -- in some of the results that are being posted by the moderate power [ph] retailers. So I don't think we have anything to add to that other than I think that customer is challenged economically and finding this environment difficult. 
Gary Cribb: So clearly, to drive comps, we need to have great merchandise. So what we do in the stores is make sure that we're efficient, that we're providing the right experience for the customer when she comes in. And some examples of that, we are in the midst of rolling out a workforce management system that should enable us to better schedule at the times that our customer's in the building. 
Operator: The next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Can you just -- a brief catch up on some of the components in terms of shrinkage, distribution costs and an update on dd's in terms of what you're seeing there? And lastly, as you think about pricing going into the back half of the year, amount of clearance that you have left over versus last year. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Dana, why don't I take those out of order. I'll start on your question about dd's. So yes, we were very happy with dd's in the second quarter. dd's posted positive comps and pretty solid profit improvement. I would say, actually, over a longer period of time, that's kind of in the pattern at dd's, that we have good growth. We're seeing good comps and improvement in profitability. I would say that the main reasons for those improvements in profitability have been that dd's is pursuing many of the same strategies that we pursued at Ross in terms of tight inventory control, tight expense, et cetera. So that's kind of the update on dd's. 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of distribution, Dana, the -- during the quarter, the DCs delevered a bit as a result. It was mainly related to packaway-related costs. For us, packaway prices and cost are charged the cost of goods sold when packaway is sold. So a decline in packaway levels results in a larger charge to [indiscernible]. In terms of the back half of the year, with the opening of the new DC, you're going to have some deleverage in the distribution centers. 
Operator: The next question is from John Kernan with Cowen. 
John Kernan: Just the off-price leaders, yourselves, TJX and Burlington are opening a lot of doors. How are you viewing the availability of inventory? And just as you become co-located in the same market, there's more and more Maxx stores, how are you viewing this traffic levels in those stores and the productivity levels in those stores? 
Michael O'Sullivan: In terms of store productivity and traffic, actually fine. We -- I should say that in the 33 states that we're in, Marmaxx is in those states, too. So we already compete very successfully with a broad range of retailers. So as we move into new states, there really aren't any additional retailers that we don't compete with today that we'll be up against. It's the same cast of characters. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the supply, we're seeing some plentiful [ph] supply, the amount of merchandise in the market. 
Operator: The next question is from Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: All right. So I wanted to ask about the promotional environment. I mean, every retailer who has reported here recently has talked about it being promotional, and I think it is. But I wanted to ask specifically what you're seeing from department stores. And if it is promotional, then it's intriguing that your merchandise margins did so well relative to last quarter. So if you could sort of connect those dots. And then as a follow-up, I think the previous person asked about your expectations for merchandise margins within your guidance for the third quarter. If you could review that, that would be helpful. 
Barbara Rentler: As it pertains to promotions in the market, Q2 was a highly promotional quarter, particularly in the mid-tier. And we really don't see any reason for that to change in the back half of the year. In terms of how we got our margins, really, what we do is plan very conservatively, left ourselves liquid, had plenty of open-to-buy, and we chased most of our business. We also had very tight inventory control in this promotional environment, which is key, so that you're always liquid and fluid and you have constant open-to-buy. 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of absolute levels, Mike, we didn't break out absolute margins in the back half other than to say it's [indiscernible] the guidance does not show the improvement we saw in the second quarter. 
Operator: The next question is from Patrick McKeever with MKM Partners. 
Patrick McKeever: Question on systems. And just wondering where things stand from a systems standpoint as you prepare to open a couple new distribution centers. Will there be any big changes from a system standpoint? And how -- where are we with micro-merchandising in terms of just the whole benefit cycle? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Patrick, on systems with regards to the DCs, there are major new systems that we'll be implementing as we open new DCs. The new DCs will run very similar systems to the systems that are already being used in our current DCs and already fairly mature. So no systems work, I think, with the new DCs. On micro-merchandising, as you know, we've had micro-merchandising in place for 2 or 3 years now. But at the outset, we had said that over time, as the system matures, it will sort of learn from itself and sort of learn from the historical data. And we think we're seeing that. So we think some of the improvements we've seen in certain regions are at least partly due to the micro-merchandising systems and processes that have been implemented. 
Patrick McKeever: And then just a quick one on dd's. I mean, it sounds like it's comping pretty well, fairly similarly to the Ross Stores. How about the -- just the bottom line at dd's? Where do things stand from a profitability and return standpoint? Is it still kind of a similar dynamic where dd's is just maybe slightly less profitable than Ross on a four-wall basis? 
Michael Hartshorn: Well, on a four-wall basis, they're fairly similar. They get there in different ways, but the difference at this point is the leverage of the business and is based on the size of the business and the overhead in the DCs and the other corporate overhead. 
Michael O'Sullivan: The dd's is -- as we said before, Patrick, dd's is accretive to the business, but it's very small, so it really has a minimal impact. 
Patrick McKeever: But at some point down the road, it sounds like the concept could be as powerful as the Ross Stores concept, and you could open either one and still have a similar P&L. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, we're very positive about dd's long-term potential. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from David Glick with Buckingham Research. 
David Glick: Just a question about marketing. As the environment gets more challenging to generate positive traffic, I'm wondering, as you become more national in scope, you're not quite there, but as you become -- have a greater footprint, do you think over time you might make a bigger push in terms of TV advertising or marketing spend in general? Your thoughts on that would be appreciated. 
Michael O'Sullivan: I think our marketing will expand as we geographically, but I don't think it will change radically in terms of its role in our overall business. I mean, our most important priority is to have the best assortments in the stores. And what we find is if we do that, we do business and we actually achieve word-of-mouth marketing from our customer, and that's really the core of the strategy, paid marketing in terms of TV is helpful, but it's not the critical thing. 
Operator: There are no further questions. I will turn the call back over to Barbara Rentler. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-21 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores First Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2013 Form 10-K and fiscal 2014 Form 8-Ks on file with the SEC. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
Michael Balmuth: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Connie Wong, Director, Investor Relations. Also joining us today is Barbara Rentler, President and Chief Merchandising Officer of Ross Dress for Less. 
 As announced earlier this month, Barbara will become our new Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors effective June 1. She will continue to work closely with Michael O'Sullivan, who will continue as President and Chief Operating Officer, and also join the Board of Directors. 
 Barbara and Michael are talented executives with complementary skills and each has made extraordinary contributions to our company over the course of their long careers here. The board and I are confident their successful partnership will enhance our prospects for continued increases in profitability and stockholder returns in the years to come. 
 As previously announced, I will become Executive Chairman on June 1. In my new role, I plan to stay very involved and continue to work closely with the entire senior management team. 
 Now let's turn to today's financial results. We'll begin with a brief review of our first quarter performance followed by our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 
 Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended May 3, 2014 were $1.15, up from $1.07 in the prior year. These results represent 7% growth on top of 15% and 26% gains in the first quarters of 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 Net earnings for the 2014 first quarter grew to $243.9 million, up from $234.6 million in the prior year period. First quarter sales rose 6% to $2,681,000,000. Comparable store sales grew 1% on top of 3% and 9% increases in the first quarters of 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 First quarter earnings per share performed at the high end of our guidance as strict inventory and expense controls offset the impact from unfavorable weather and a more challenging retail environment. 
 Sales trends improved in April with more seasonal spring weather that coincided with the late Easter shopping period. 
 Merchandise and geographic trends were relatively broad-based during the quarter, with the Midwest, the top-performing region. 
 Operating margin for the quarter was better than forecasted, declining 25 basis points to 14.6% of sales. A 35-basis-point increase in cost of goods sold was partially offset by a 10-basis-point improvement in selling, general and administrative costs. 
 As we ended the first quarter, total consolidated inventories increased about 2% compared to the prior year, with average in-store inventories down about 4%. 
 Packaways as a percentage of total inventories was 45%, even with last year. 
 Comparable store sales at dd's DISCOUNTS increased in the first quarter, driving solid gains and profits. These results reflect that customers continue to respond favorably to dd's merchandise assortments. 
 Our overall expansion program remains on track with 26 net new Ross and 7 dd's DISCOUNTS opening in the first quarter. We expect to add a total of 95 new locations in 2014 comprised of approximately 75 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS. As usual, these opening numbers are before the planned closure or relocation of about 10 existing stores. 
 Michael Hartshorn will now provide further color on our first quarter results and details on our second quarter guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Michael. Our 1% comparable store sales gain in the first quarter was mainly driven by a low single-digit percentage increase in the size of the average basket, with the number of transactions down slightly to last year. 
 Operating margin for the quarter declined by about 25 basis points to 14.6%, which was at the high-end of our guidance. 
 The 35 basis point increase in cost of goods sold was mainly driven by deleveraging on occupancy and buying costs, which increased 20 and 10 basis points, respectively. 
 Merchandise gross margin declined 10 basis points versus last year, while distribution costs improved by 5 basis points. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses improved by 10 basis points mainly due to strong cost controls. 
 During the period, we repurchased 2 million shares for a total purchase price of $139 million. We expect to buy back a total of $550 million in stock for the year, which will complete the 2-year, $1.1 billion program authorized by our Board in early 2013. 
 Let's turn now to our second quarter guidance. For the 13 weeks ending August 2, 2014, we are targeting same-store sales to increase 1% to 2% on top of 4% and 7% growth in the second quarters of 2013 and 2012, respectively. 
 Earnings per share for the second quarter of 2014 are projected to be in the range of $1.05 to $1.09, up from $0.98 last year. 
 Our EPS target for this year's second quarter are based on the following assumptions. Total sales are expected to grow 5% to 6%, driven by a combination of new store growth and, as previously mentioned, same-store sales that are forecasted to be up 1% to 2%. We plan to open 29 net new stores during the period, including 22 Ross Dress for Less and 7 dd's DISCOUNTS. 
 We are targeting operating margin to be flat to up 20 basis points on top of a strong 80 basis point increase in the prior year for a projected range of 13.6% to 13.8%. 
 We are planning net interest expense to be negligible and our tax rate is expected to be about 39%. We also estimated weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about 210 million. 
 Moving to our outlook for the year. As noted in today's press release and based on our first quarter results and second quarter guidance, we now project earnings per share for the 52 weeks ending January 31, 2015 to be in the range of $4.09 to $4.21 compared to earnings per share of $3.88 in fiscal 2013. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Michael Balmuth for closing comments. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, Michael. As mentioned earlier, we were able to maximize earnings during the first quarter despite a modest 1% increase in same-store sales, which were impacted by unfavorable weather and a more challenging retail environment. 
 Looking ahead, we remain confident in the resilience of our off-price business model and our ability over time to successfully execute the proven strategies that have enabled us to deliver solid financial results in both favorable and more difficult climates.
 By far, our most important priority is our unwavering focus on offering customers the best bargains possible. Consistently delivering on this mission will always be the key to optimizing our opportunities for future sales and earnings growth. 
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Brian Tunick with JPMorgan. 
Brian Tunick: Michael, best of luck as well to you. I guess, are -- 2 questions. Number one, you called out the Midwest as your best performing region. So I know the weather had been an impact the last couple of quarters. Can you just maybe talk about what changed there? Are you happier now with how your new stores are performing? And anything else you could add about the micro merchandising that might be applying? And then the second question, just sort of on this potentially new trend of the business, this more low-single-digit comp run rate. Can you maybe talk about what kind of either marketing initiatives or things are going to be doing from a category perspective that could potentially reaccelerate the business back to a more mid-single-digit comp trend, or do you think we've seen, maybe the easy market share gains behind us? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Okay, Brian. This is Michael O'Sullivan. I'll take the first part of your question about Midwest. Yes, we were pleased with how the Midwest performed in the first quarter. As Michael said in his remarks, it had the highest comp performance of our regions, which is great, especially given the weather. But -- and we made some assortment changes to the Midwest, which I would say we're pleased about. But I caution you, it's really just a single quarter and we still think we have plenty of opportunity left to improve that region. Let me take a step back though. When we entered the Midwest 2 years ago, we said we expected to build a very successful business there, but it would take time. So we're certainly very pleased with the progress we've made so far, but I would say the recent performance just reinforces our confidence in the longer term. 
Michael Balmuth: On the second part of the question, in terms of changes to our marketing program, there'll be no radical changes, okay? We have a marketing program we've been running with for a long time. We think it's effective. We're experimenting with a little more social marketing, but that's the extent of it. Relative to a new run rate, I think -- first of all, I think we've adjusted well. We adjusted well in the quarter to the business trends. We're able to preserve our margins and run our business quite effectively at this level. When our business gets tougher than we'd like it to be, we use this as a very good time for really tearing apart all our businesses, whether they're performing at a reasonable level, but especially the ones that are underperforming. So if we do our work carefully during this timeframe, when the customer is ready to shop, we'll be in a better position than we are today. 
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: I wonder if in general you just -- throughout the country, you could quantify for us a very good sense as to how much you think weather impacted, and maybe one way you can do that is just talk about the trends. You say April was better, but any color on what February or March or even into early May, may have looked like as the weather's gotten better? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. So like other retailers, the unfavorable weather impacted our business early in the quarter. As we mentioned in our release, sales improved in April as the weather improved and also with the Easter shift. It's difficult to quantify the precise impact of weather, but we're not immune to it based on our regional breakouts. Regionally, the Midwest and Florida were the strongest markets while the Mid-Atlantic and Pacific Northwest trailed the chain. California, last week, was in line with the chain. 
Michael Baker: Okay. And if I could follow up with one more. What are you seeing out of some of the department stores. In particular, I guess, I'll just simply ask about J.C. Penney, they've gone from comping down 30% to comping up -- now comping up 6%. It's got to have some impact in your business. How do you think about that? Is there any way to quantify or measure that? 
Michael Balmuth: Look, it's certainly not a plus, it's not -- we try to quantify it when they weren't doing as well and we had difficulty quantifying it, but we knew it was helping. So really, the answer to your question is, we really don't have a precise answer. 
Michael Baker: Okay. But probably to the previous question, maybe makes it hard to pick up market share, is that fair to say? 
Michael Balmuth: It's hard to tell until we get to a more stable weather quarter, okay? It was such a radically unusual weather quarter, I would rather answer at on our next call. 
Operator: The next question is from David Mann with Johnson Rice. 
David Mann: Let me add my congratulations to Michael and well-deserved promotions to Barbara and Michael, as well. A question about gross margin. Can you talk about the components of gross margin? How we should think about them going forward, especially given that you -- it looks like your inventory to sales ratio is the best it's been in, like, 5 quarters. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, David. So as we got into this quarter, we ended last quarter, remember, January was the slowest month of that quarter, so we underperformed a bit it. We are carrying a bit more clearance into this quarter so we took a few more markdowns to clear that inventory this quarter. Having said that, in the first quarter, April was our strongest month so we're in a different position going into the second quarter. I would comment that with inventories down, we should be able to pick up a slight amount in markdown lines similar to what we've done with the past several years. 
David Mann: And specifically, any comments you'd give us about the direction of March margin over the course of the year and the other components of gross margin? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I said for the year, I think the guidance was slightly up from a merchandise standpoint given the 1% to 2% comp guidance, we'd expect a little bit of deleverage on the expense line. Having said that, during the first quarter, we're able to manage expenses pretty aggressively and we'll look to do the same throughout the back half of the year in the second quarter as well. 
David Mann: And on that issue, the 1% comp growth. You were able to do that on 1% comp, you haven't really been able to do that in the past. Should that -- is that sort of a guide now going forward, that you might be able to delever or to lever on a 1% type of comp? 
Michael Hartshorn: No. On the expense side, David, long term, we think that number is still around 3%. So although we were aggressive during the quarter and as we look out, at least in the near term, we're optimistic about where expenses will be. But I think for your long-term modeling, I think it's just better to use a 3% leverage point. 
Operator: Your next question is from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair. 
Daniel Hofkin: So if I could just kind of following up on an earlier question, specifically about J.C. Penney, maybe just more broadly. Can you talk about -- I know, going into the quarter, you were talking about seeing higher promotional levels, broadly, than the same time last year. How did things play out compared to what you thought? And what are you seeing kind of going into this part of the year? That's my first question. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, Penney's promoted through the entire quarter and, obviously, a very [ph] increased promotional activities for us. Not a positive for us from a competitive point of view. 
Michael Balmuth: I would just add also, when Penney's is taking this kind of action on their promotional positioning, okay, it's affecting other moderate retailers who are also becoming more aggressive. So that's really the domino that we look at within what off-price space is. And so, for us to get a handle on how people will be promoting in the future, we're usually pretty good at that. And then we'll be able to adjust our prices into its own that keeps the value differential between the 2, between mainstream and us. So I think Penney's is really more rattling other mainstream retailers and then we'll figure it out. 
Michael O'Sullivan: The other point to make on that, Daniel, is we've lived through promotional and competitive areas before. We have -- we feel very confident, we have a value model and we have an expense structure that allows us to succeed in those environments and, frankly, to compete fairly sustainably. When other moderate retailers promote, it's not necessarily sustainable but for them to keep doing that. 
Daniel Hofkin: And if that's the main factor kind of affecting the near-term merch margin for you, kind of the pricing umbrella. 
Michael Balmuth: Well, I think availability of merchandise has a lot to do with the merch margin. We think it's very good right now. We think that with our inventory controls in place, we'll be able to turn at the same level for faster stocking. We feel pretty good about merch margin as long as we can deliver top line comp. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. I think, Daniel, the impact of promotion it's more on the top line rather than on our margins, which is what you see in Q1, that the margins were actually pretty healthy, it was the top line. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. That actually was my follow-up question on the availability side. So it sounds like that remains quite positive. Good to hear. 
Operator: The next question is from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. 
Stephen Grambling: This is really just kind of a quick follow-up to that line of questions which is, on the merchandise versus competition, was it just harder to keep the pricing gap? And as you think about weather playing an impact on gross margin, can you just elaborate on any impact that you saw, whether it's related to transportation or even just promotions by geographies? 
Michael Balmuth: So Stephen, back to gross margins, specifically in the first quarter. We came into the quarter carrying more clearance balances than we typically would base on a below plan January, so that put pressure on the merchandise margins during the first quarter. Markups were in line, but we have to take a little bit more markdown during the first quarter. So I would not attribute that to a trend or for the rest of year. 
Stephen Grambling: That's helpful. And then just longer-term as you think about the operating margin, I think that last year, actually, in this quarter, there was kind of a 3-prong commentary about the drivers over the past couple of years. And as you look forward, maybe you can talk about how you think of op margins and where they can go. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. Yes, let me comment on that, Steven. When you look at what's driven our operating margin over the last few years, it really has been the 3 things that you've referenced. It's been lower markdowns driven by tighter inventories. And we don't think that's going away. We're not going to loosen up inventories anytime soon until we think we're going to hold those gains. It's been, secondly, lower shrink based upon our shortest initiatives. And again, we're not planning on taking our eye off the ball there. And then, thirdly, it's been margin and expense leverage based upon ahead-of-plan sales. Now if I look at which of those we still have more opportunity on, it's really the third. It all depends on sales. If we're able to get ahead-of-plan sales, we'll get margin leverage. I think there's probably limited opportunity left in markdowns and in shrink. Some, but limited. So going forward, it's really about the top line. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Paul Lejuez with Wells Fargo. 
Paul Lejuez: Sorry, if I missed it, but did you talk about the Home category versus apparel? And within Home, I'm just wondering what's working and what's not? And then also second, where is your AUR and your average ticket these days in both Ross and dd's? Do you see an opportunity there and what will be the driver? 
Michael Hartshorn: So Paul, this is Michael, I'll take the transaction piece. As we mentioned in the comments, comp was driven by an increase in the basket, with transactions down slightly. The increase in the basket was mainly driven by increase in units per transaction. But to your question on AUR, that was up slightly during the quarter. Going forward, currently, Ross is about 20% to 25% higher in terms of average AUR. And I think our focus is really on the price differentiation between department stores versus absolute prices. 
Michael Balmuth: On the Home aspect, okay. For the first quarter, our Home performance was well ahead of the chain, we're making progress there and we're making faster progress, I would say, on the parts of Home that are really the more gift and functional end versus domestics. Domestics is -- looks like it will be the section of the business that will come on last in terms of where we were trying to improve it. So that's how I would divide it out to how it's going. 
Paul Lejuez: What's included in domestics? 
Michael Balmuth: Sheets, towels, pillows. 
Operator: The next question is from Bridget Weishaar with Morningstar. 
Bridget Weishaar: Just a question on SG&A, it seems a little bit better than expected. Could you identify where the savings came from? Did you pull back from any marketing given the weather overhang and shifting it into a different quarter, or was there something else in that line item? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Bridget, on the -- specific on marketing, no we didn't put anything back. We were more productive in stores in terms of some productivity issues that we had in place. Michael, was there anything else? 
Michael Hartshorn: No, I would say it was broad-based. I would say in this competitive environment, you should expect us to see very vigilant about controlling expenses throughout the year. 
Bridget Weishaar: And do you see more room in there that you could cut back from or are you pretty close to running as lean as you can? 
Michael Hartshorn: I would say, John mentioned that our long-term model is really to lever SG&A at about 3%. I think there's a good opportunity for us to lever below that this year. 
Operator: The next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Given the strength of some your new store openings throughout the Midwest, does this give you more confidence to look at other geographies that are perhaps underpenetrated? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. Lorraine, our geographic expansion strategy going back way back when, has always been to -- when we move into a new market, to try and build on our presence in that market before we move to another market so to speak. We've thought this worked well for us because there are numerous benefits and synergies that come with that in terms of building awareness, building out our operating team, et cetera. So I think you should expect that most of our activities for the next 2 years with regards to new markets will be in that Midwest region. Even though we're happy with the results, I don't see us jumping out of that region into other regions prematurely. 
Operator: The next question is from Oliver Chen with Citi. 
Oliver Chen: We just had a question regarding the planning and allocation side of the business, you've been great pioneers in micro merchandising. What are your thoughts about what inning you're there and if that's a potential driver? Also, just from a strategy perspective, we understand that the shipping costs are prohibitive from an online basis, but would there be a scenario in which a bigger online presence would make sense for you down the road? 
Michael Balmuth: Sure. So Oliver, can you just repeat your specific question on micro merchandising? I think I didn't get... 
Oliver Chen: If there's a lot of opportunity in that vein going forward in terms of further tailoring the assortments on a local basis. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So on that piece, on micro merchandising, we've had the micro merchandising processes and tools in place for about 2.5, 3 years at this point, and we're very happy with how they've been working for us, how they've been helping us. I think we believe they've been a key enabler, for us to turn faster in particular and therefore, many of the inventory reductions that we've achieved and we've spoken about, I think you can tie it back to micro merchandising. Now one of the things that we described earlier on was that the micro merchandising system we have sort of learned from experience. So the more years you have, the more years of accumulated data, the better it gets at projecting what sales and inventory levels we should plan to. So yes, I think there is some incremental opportunity as we move forward. Secondly, e-commerce. So we continue to look at e-commerce. We run a business that has a $10 average unit retail. And when we put together the economics, currently, we think it's very hard for people to make money, not just shipping cost, or return cost or processing cost, marketing cost, et cetera. Now maybe things will change, maybe someone will elevate in some way that leads us to change our mind. But at least as we look at the data right now, we don't -- it doesn't seem very compelling to us. So our focus is really to put our resources against our bricks-and-mortar business, where we know we can be very successful, we know we can make money and we have plenty of opportunity ahead of us. 
Oliver Chen: Okay. And would you mind just updating us on your thoughts on the health of the consumer in terms of pressures you're seeing? Do you feel like there's still a lot of volatility or do you think housing has been a help for other [ph] wealth effect? Just your thoughts on where do you think sentiment is with your customer base. 
Michael Balmuth: So we're not economists, but what we know is the customer who is the moderate base customer appears to have some difficulties right now. And so, if you're -- the word is health, they seem to have a little bit of a health problem right now. 
Operator: The next question is from Ike Boruchow from Sterne Agee. 
Tom Nikic: This is actually Tom Nikic, on for Ike. I was just wondering about the packaway inventory. I guess we would have thought that with the disruption that sort of happened in the retail space that maybe the packaways' percent of inventory would tick up, but it's been sort of flat for a couple of years in a row now. I was wondering if you could just discuss the packaway situation. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So we've been pretty happy with our packaway availability, Tom. It does fluctuate, it can move around. And typically, we see more packaway opportunities in the second half of the season rather than the first half of the season, but I would say that availability has been reasonably strong and we're pretty happy with what we're seeing and we're packing away. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And what we're seeing, we're happy. We're happy in what we're seeing both in quantity and just the actual quality of what's out there these days, okay, as you would expect as mainstream retail is suffering a bit. 
Operator: The next question is from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Michael, I'm trying to just understand a little bit more your weather comments. Maybe you could help us by dimensionalizing perhaps the differential between Mid-Atlantic comps and some of your warmer weather markets, not necessarily Florida, because that's been a standout for a while, but just so we can understand the magnitude of the difference. And then did you say California [indiscernible] ? I was just wasn't sure if I heard that correctly. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, we wouldn't talk about specifics on regionals other than to say they are higher and lower than the chain. It's like -- on your California question, it was in line with the chain. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay, California is in line with the chain. Was the Mid-Atlantic and the Northwest areas the only areas where you feel like you had some weather impact or there are other things going on in the Rocky Mountain region or other places that you felt also hurt your business? 
Michael Hartshorn: I would say we had weather impact throughout many of our regions. And the Pacific Northwest was up against very strong comps, it was the strongest performing region last year. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I'm just trying to figure out how it was that the Midwest, which had really terrible weather, was one of your best-performing regions. And is it just sort of more experience in the markets, better execution on your part that was able to overcome the weather headwind or is there something else that would explain why the Midwest was quite good, where the rest of the chain was hit by weather? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Kimberly, I think the Midwest is a good case example of why retailers should never blame the weather. We mentioned the weather because, obviously, it was relevant in Q1. But when we look at the Midwest, there are a lot of other things that can drive your top line over -- certainly, over the third quarter that could trump weather. And I think as some the of the changes that we were able to make in terms of assortment, certainly, had that impact in the first quarter. So I know you're trying to quantify the impact of weather, but I think it's very hard over the period of a quarter. So in an event like a single-weather event like a hurricane where a dozen stores close down, you can quantify the number. But over the whole of a quarter, the changes you can make in assortments and values you can offer in the store can trump the weather impact. That's what we think happened in the Midwest. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Okay, understood. And then just looking out to your second quarter guidance, you're talking about a 1% to 2% comp, that's in line with the guidance you gave for the first quarter. Does that feel conservative to you? Does that feel appropriate? I'm just looking out to the second quarter, and it doesn't feel like there should be much in a way of weather impact, and I just wanted to get your feel for how you assess that view. 
Michael Balmuth: Kimberly, I think it feels appropriate right now in this environment. As Michael said, the modern consumers have a tough time as you look out and around and hear other people report, I think it's a pretty tough business out there. So we feel that it's appropriately set. 
Michael Hartshorn: Additionally, it's to be determined how the promotional environment will be both in this quarter coming up and the rest of the year. 
Operator: Your next question is from Laura Champine with Canaccord. 
Laura Champine: Could you just comment on your sell-through of seasonal women's apparel this spring versus last spring this time of year? 
Michael Balmuth: Well, I don't think we'd be comfortable going down to that level, kind of a category level with women's apparel. I think what we would be comfortable to say is non-apparel has performed better given the weather conditions. And so, our sell-throughs would be better in non-apparel areas than apparel areas season-to-date. 
Laura Champine: I guess the point of the question is you mentioned that merchandise margin, you should get a little bit of a lift as we move through the year. Should we expect most of that in the back half or do we start to see it this quarter? 
Michael Balmuth: I'd think you'd expect to see it even throughout from this period going forward. Again, we're not -- the point of the first quarter is we're carrying more clearance for that period, so our markdowns were higher than we had targeted. 
Operator: The next question is from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Neely Tamminga: Just a quick clarification on Q2 guidance. Michael, are you saying that you're looking for the underlying metrics to be comparable for Q2 in terms of the number of transactions and average transaction size value, or is there a shift that we should be looking for? 
Michael Hartshorn: We don't -- typically, Neely, we don't plan the business based on the transaction size, really the overall comp. So based on the 1% to 2%, we'd say, it's going to be somewhat consistent with what's going on with Q1, absent the weather. 
Neely Tamminga: Okay. And then just a follow-up question to Laura's question, I guess, not necessarily, I want you to give us give us -- give all the competitors' script away, but are you feeling good about the balance that you have in your apparel right now around active versus denim-anchored fashion looks? 
Michael Hartshorn: You know something? I think we feel relatively okay. There are some mix issues underneath the lines, but our balance of how we're mixed across categories, we feel okay about. 
Operator: The next question is from John Kernan with Cowen. 
John Kernan: Just -- a lot of good questions so far. I just wanted to -- actually, on your real estate availabilities, you pushed out of the core markets in California, Texas and Florida, what are you seeing in terms of availability and quality of site? 
Michael O'Sullivan: We're pretty happy. We're one of the few retailers that's opening 80, 90 stores a year. So we're out there, we're looking for locations. We have a very, very strong real estate team that have got a lot of experience, and they've been able to find us some great locations over the last several years. And we think availability continues to be good. And obviously, part of that is being driven by other retailers who've either gone bankrupt in that line of business or retailers that have closed down a lot of locations, so that's continuing to help us. 
John Kernan: Are you noticing any pressure -- you're obviously co-located with a lot of retailers that have been complaining about more meaningful declines in traffic than you're seeing. So are you worried that some of the co-locations with some other stores and the lack of traffic there might be pressuring you as well? 
Michael O'Sullivan: It's -- who knows? The key implication for us is in those locations to make sure that we're offering the shop and value that we can and, therefore, whatever traffic is coming to that center, that we get more than our fair share of it. So if [ph] there's something macroeconomic that's going on that's affecting our center or more global that we can't control, there's not much we can do about that. But we can focus on what we can control, which is the value in the store. 
Operator: Your next question is from Roxanne Meyer with UBS. 
Roxanne Meyer: My question is, I'm wondering if you could comment on new store performance and how that has trended. And then comment on the ramp to maturity of new stores, how long it takes and have you seen any changes to that ramp? And also, just comment on new store performance by classes over the last few years. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Roxanne, yes, we're pretty happy with how the stores have been performing, not just in the last quarter, but over the last couple of years. In terms of new store ramp, we don't disclose the ramp, but it's been plenty consistent over time. Obviously, when a store press opens up, it's sort of a period where it builds awareness. And for us, building awareness is mostly through word-of-mouth and that just takes a little bit of time. So after 3 or 4 years, typically, the store would ramp up, but -- yes, that's how I would describe it. 
Operator: Your next question is from Richard Jaffe with Stifel. 
Richard Jaffe: Given your comments earlier about the tighter inventory resulting in fewer markdowns, that's been a real success story for you guys. I'm wondering if, as you mentioned, there's less opportunity there. Should we assume inventory levels will proceed at essentially a flat level year-over-year on a per square foot basis, that there's no further pursuit to make your inventories leaner or churn more quickly? 
John Call: I think -- Richard, this is John. We have, obviously, taken big chunks of inventory out over past 3 or 4 years. We are still working at it. We think there is some marginal benefit. We think inventories will be down, probably 1 to 2 points this year. So I think there's still some opportunities. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to the presenters. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-26 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2012 Form 10-K and fiscal 2013 Form 10-Q and Form 8-K on file with the SEC.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
Michael Balmuth: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Group Senior Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Wong, Director of Investor Relations.
 We will begin our call today with a review of our fourth quarter and 2013 performance, followed by our outlook for 2014. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. Let me preface our discussion of today financial results by noting that our 2012 fourth quarter and fiscal year were 14- and 53-week periods, respectively, while our 2013 fourth quarter and fiscal year were 13- and 52-week periods. As a reminder, the 53rd week in fiscal 2012 added approximately $149 million in sales and $0.10 in earnings per share to both last year's fourth quarter and fiscal year.
 Now let's turn to today's results. As noted in our press release, fourth quarter 2013 earnings per share were $1.02 on net earnings of $218 million. Sales for the quarter were $2,741,000,000, with comparable store sales up 2% on top of a 5% increase in last year's fourth quarter. Sales for the quarter performed in line with our guidance and earnings were slightly better than expected, mainly due to above-planned merchandise gross margin.
 Despite a very promotional and competitive holiday season, customers responded favorably to the compelling bargains we offered on a wide assortment of fresh and exciting name-brand fashions and gifts.
 For the fiscal year 2013, earnings per share were $3.88, up a solid 13% on a 52- versus 52-week basis over last year. This growth is especially noteworthy, considering it was on top of robust multiyear earnings per share increases of 20%, 24% and 31% in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. In addition, fiscal 2013 operating margin remained at a record 13.1% despite the estimated 20-basis-point benefit from the 53rd week in 2012.
 Net earnings in fiscal 2013 grew to $837.3 million on sales of $10,230,000,000. Same-store sales in 2013 rose 3% on top of a 6% gain last year.
 For the quarter and the full year, Juniors was the best-performing merchandise category, while geographically, Texas was the strongest region. Michael Hartshorn will provide some additional color on our financial results in a few minutes.
 As we ended 2013, total consolidated inventories were up 4% compared to the prior year, while packaway levels were about 49% of total inventories compared to 47% last year. Average in-store inventories were down approximately 4% at the end of 2013.
 Like Ross, dd's continues to benefit from our ability to offer a wide assortment of terrific bargains, while also operating the business on reduced inventory levels. As a result, dd's DISCOUNTS was able to deliver another year of solid gains in sales and operating profits in 2013.
 Now let's turn to our financial condition. Operating cash flows provided the resources to make capital investments to support our growth and fund our ongoing stock repurchase and dividend program. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 1.8 million shares of common stock for a total price of $129 million. For the full year, we bought back 8.2 million shares for an aggregate price of $550 million. We expect to complete the $550 million remaining under our current 2-year $1.1 billion program by the end of 2014.
 The board also recently approved an increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $0.20 per share, up 18% on top of a 21% increase last year. The growth of our stock repurchase and dividend programs has been driven by the significant amount of cash our business generates after self-funding store growth and other capital needs. We have repurchased stock as planned every year since 1993 and this is the 20th consecutive annual increase in our quarterly cash dividend. This consistent record reflects our unwavering commitment to enhancing stockholder value and returns.
 Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our 2013 results and details on our first quarter and fiscal year 2014 guidance. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Michael. Let's start with our fourth quarter results. Our 2% comparable store sales gain was driven by an increase in the size of the average transaction. Operating margin declined by about 95 basis points to 12.7%, mainly due to the estimated 65-basis-point benefit to last year's fourth quarter from the 53rd week. In addition, we also experienced some deleveraging on occupancy, distribution, freight and selling, general and administrative costs, which was partially offset by higher merchandise gross margin.
 Again, we were able to maintain fiscal 2013 operating margin at a record 13.1% despite the estimated 20-basis-point benefit from the 53rd week in 2012. For 2013, a 15-basis-point improvement in cost of goods sold was offset by a similar increase in selling, general and administrative costs.
 For the year, cost of goods sold benefited from a 45-basis-point gain in merchandise gross margin, partially offset by occupancy costs that rose about 20 basis points and distribution and buying expenses had increased about 5 basis points each. Selling, general and administrative cost delevered by 15 basis points, mainly due to higher costs related to the relocation of our data center.
 Let's now turn to the underlying assumptions that support the 2014 earnings targets we communicated in today's press release. Our fiscal 2014 earnings per share forecast of $4.05 to $4.21 represents growth of 4% to 9% over 2013 on a comparable store sales gain of 1% to 2%. This guidance incorporates some pressure on earnings from the infrastructure investments we have been making to support our longer-term growth plans. We are also projecting a higher effective tax rate due to the expiration of federal and state hiring credits.
 The operating statement assumptions for the full year in 2014 are as follows. Again, comparable store sales are forecast to increase 1% to 2%; total sales are projected to grow 5% to 6%; we are planning to add approximately 75 new Ross and 20 new dd's DISCOUNTS locations. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores.
 If same-store sales are up 1% to 2%, we would expect some deleveraging of expenses with merchandise gross margin projected to be up slightly from 2013. As a result, EBIT is estimated to be 12.9% to 13.1% in 2014. Net interest expense is expected to be about $7 million as we expect to finance the purchase of our New York buying office. Our tax rate is planned at approximately 38% and we expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 210 million.
 Capital expenditures in 2014 are forecast to increase to approximately $800 million, up from $550 million in 2013. This higher spending is primarily driven by the purchase of our New York buying office. Depreciation and amortization expense, inclusive of stock-based amortization, is forecast to be approximately $290 million to $300 million, up from $250 million in 2013.
 For the 2014 first quarter, earnings per share are projected to be in the range of $1.11 to $1.15, up from $1.07 in the first quarter of 2013 based on the following assumptions. Total sales are forecast to increase about 5% to 6% over the prior year. Comparable store sales are projected to be up 1% to 2%. We plan to add 26 net new Ross and 7 net new dd's DISCOUNTS during the quarter. Operating margin is projected to be in the range of 14.4% to 14.6% or down about 30 to 50 basis points from the record 14.9% we reported in 2013. The forecasted decline is due in part to some deleveraging as same-store sales performed in line with our guidance for 1% to 2% increase. We are planning relatively no net interest expense in the quarter. The tax rate is projected to be 38% to 39% and diluted shares are forecast to decline to about 212 million.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Michael for closing comments. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, Michael. As we enter 2014, in addition to our own challenging multiyear sales and earnings comparisons, we continue to face an uncertain macroeconomic and retail climate. While we are well-positioned as an off-price retailer, these likely headwinds have prompted us to stay somewhat cautious in our outlook. That said, the strength of our business model lies in the flexibility of our off-price strategies. To maximize sales, we are staying liquid in our Open-to-Buy, which enables our merchants to capitalize on the best opportunities in a marketplace that is currently flushed with terrific bargains.
 Further, operating our business with lean inventories has enabled us to increase the amount of fresh and exciting merchandise customers see when they shop our stores. This has helped in maximizing sales, while also driving faster inventory turns and the resulting higher merchandise margins we saw throughout 2013 and over the last several years.
 Looking ahead, we still see significant growth opportunities for our company. As we've mentioned before, we believe that Ross can ultimately operate 2,000 locations across the United States and that dd's DISCOUNTS can eventually become a chain of 500 stores. As previously noted, we are in the process of making the necessary infrastructure investments to support this long term expansion that will ultimately double our store base. Our plans include the addition of 2 new distribution centers, one that will open in 2014 and another in 2015.
 In addition, as mentioned earlier, we entered into an agreement last year to acquire a New York buying office building. This is a unique onetime opportunity that will enable us to continue to house all of our New York merchants together, which maximizes their cohesiveness and effectiveness of this critical organization. We continue to believe that keeping our primary buying office in the heart of the Manhattan garment district is a competitive advantage as this location makes it easier for our buying group to strengthen relationships with our large network of suppliers. That said, over the near term, higher costs related to these investments are expected to put some pressure on earnings.
 For the longer term, we are targeting average annual earnings per share growth of 10% to 13%. The formula is based on a combination of unit growth, comparable store sales gains, flat to slight improvement in operating margin and our ongoing stock repurchase program. In order to achieve our financial goals, we must, most importantly, continue to invest in our merchandise organization. This is the only way to ensure that we can maximize our ability to deliver the best bargains possible to the consumer. In addition, we must also stay focused on strictly controlling both inventories and expenses, fine-tuning and upgrading our planning and allocation systems and developing and implementing further productivity enhancements and efficiencies throughout the business.
 These are the strategies that have enabled us to reach our current record levels of sales productivity and profitability and also remain the key drivers of our future results.
 In closing, I want to reiterate that we are favorably positioned in the current retail landscape. We believe off-price will continue to be a strong performing sector and are optimistic about the long term growth prospects for our business.
 At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. 
Stephen Grambling: I guess, the first. As we think about in-store inventory going forward, you've had several years of really pulling inventory out. Can you just provide some details on how we should think about this going forward? If there's any category or any place else where you plan on maybe even building back? 
Michael Hartshorn: So as it relates to inventories into 2014 going forward, we think there's a bit room to take them down, maybe in the 1% to 2%, right? 
Michael Balmuth: But as far as building back inventories, I don't think we'll ever get there. I don't think -- we'll certainly -- we're always listening to our customer and how they're reacting to our assortments. By my instinct says, we're comfortable at roughly the levels we've set out with some minor tweaks going forward. 
Stephen Grambling: And I guess, as a follow-up to that. Home has been an area of focus. Is there anything that you can provide in terms of details on that category in particular? 
Michael Balmuth: Well, we continue to make progress in Home. In the fourth quarter, our progress is a little slower than we like, although they comped slightly ahead of the company. I think we have to execute better on what we know our strategies need to be there. And I think we'll get there. It's just been a little slower than we'd like. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Brian Tunick with JPMorgan. 
Brian Tunick: I guess, 2 questions. One on the positive comments on merchandise margins for last year and, I guess, your outlook for this year. Can you maybe just talk about, is the coming from the buy side of the picture, or is that coming from, again, better sell-throughs and lean inventories? And then maybe update us on sort of new market performance in 2013. And maybe just want to throw in dd's as well. Sort of where are we in that business sort of ramping up to get closer to a contribution margin similar to the Ross stores? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Okay, Brian. On your 3 questions, merchandise margin improved actually through a combination of higher markup and lower markdowns. So it's both. Secondly, in terms of new markets, I think as we've said before, we've been happy with what we've been able to achieve in new markets over the past couple of years, particularly with the open volumes. But in the fourth quarter, we were disappointed with the comp performance in the new markets in the Midwest. Part of that was the weather, but also, I think, we believe there are some assortment improvements we can make in that region as well. And then on -- I think, the third question was about dd's. And dd's had another solid performance last year and in the fourth quarter. And what was particularly notable was dd's continue to improve its profitability. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Neely Tamminga: Just wondering if you guys had an evolution in your thought process around mobile engagement as you head into 2014? We've noticed -- actually seen sponsored links in Facebook just like in dd's and what have you. But just wondering -- obviously, on the commerce side won't be there. But how are you evolving this level in terms of engagement on the other side of holiday? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Neely, we -- I think as we mentioned before, we are experimenting with social marketing, with mobile marketing. We actually think that those are -- those avenues are actually very interesting for us. We -- historically, word-of-mouth has always been an important form of marketing, unpaid marketing for us. And we think that sort of social networking, social marketing and the link to mobile actually has some promise for us going forward. So we're experimenting in those areas and I think you should expect that we'll continue to grow those aspects on our marketing mix. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bridget Weishaar with Morningstar. 
Bridget Weishaar: I'm wondering -- I know comp sales you are guiding to decelerate a little bit to the 1% to 2% range and that makes sense in this promotional environment. But I'm wondering what you thought is, overall, on the trade-off between keeping the merchandise margins high and being a bit more promotional to be competitive and gaining higher volume? 
Michael Balmuth: Really, if we do our job well as an off-pricer, we should be able to balance it, okay? As we assess market conditions, sometimes we pull back our spend, then we're able to give an edge of opportunities in the marketplace that should be able to provide us both well priced product, as well as margin, good solid margins. So it's a balance that off-price executed effectively, giving us an edge on versus other areas of retailing, I think. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Mann with Johnson Rice. 
David Mann: The guidance percentage increase that you're giving for this year is a little more conservative than in past years. Can you just parse through the difference of that 4% to 9% from the 10% to 13%? I think Michael talked about some extra costs with the infrastructure rollout, but can you just compare to your paradigm for future growth against what you gave for this year? 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, David. I think the premise is we are projecting the 1% to 2% comp. Obviously, we did the 3% last year, but we're up against 5% comp over the last 5 years on a compound basis. So that presents a challenge. Also, Michael referred to the infrastructure costs that we're incurring. We will have a bit more interest, $7 million on interest this year that we wouldn't have last year. Also, our tax rate is going up in the absence of hiring tax credits that we have received in the past. So if you neutralize for those 2 items, you get back to a 6% to 11% growth rate, similar to where we were last year at this time. 
David Mann: Okay. That's helpful. And then for a quick follow-up. The packaway level going into '14 is a little higher than it's been for the last couple of years. I'm just curious, what would that infer about the quality of the market in terms of goods for availability and for pricing? Can you just comment on that? 
Michael Balmuth: Well, when our packaway creeps up, it's because we were able to take advantage of some very good opportunities. And if business still remains volatile as it's been through the last bit of time, I would expect that we'd be taking even further advantage. So it's essentially a good thing for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen. 
John Kernan: I wanted to get your thoughts on how do you see competitive environment evolving within off-price? I know you guys have been opening a lot of doors, more mass continues to open a lot of doors. In Burlington, certainly sees a lot of opportunity for additional doors. So how do you see the competitive environment evolving within off-price as a lot of the department stores get more promotional as well? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So John, I guess, I would say that our -- we kind of regard our competitive environment as actually much larger than just the off-price space, that we operate in a very competitive, very fragmented apparel and home merchandise market. And as a result, we are able to grow share and actually, I think other off-price competitors are able to grow share, as long as we continue to offer great value. So we think that's at least the outlook just to us. And that's going to continue for some time. 
John Kernan: Okay. And then just in terms of CapEx, there's been a multiyear ramp in CapEx due to some onetime items. What do you think CapEx looks like going forward after this year? Because I think, obviously, the share buyback has got to come down a little bit because of a ramp in CapEx. What does it look like next year and beyond? 
Michael Hartshorn: So John, the share buyback is not going to come down because of CapEx spend. We plan to spend $550 million this year, similar to what we did last year. This should be the peak in CapEx spending. Once we get the distribution centers open in '15 going forward, it will come back down as we take that step-up in CapEx. 
Michael O'Sullivan: I think we'd also -- a piece of that. As we've previously announced, the plan is to finance the purchase of our New York buying office building [indiscernible] to bring it up to grow the buyback and the dividend. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: So I guess, Michael or Michaels, if you can talk just a little bit more about dd's. Can you bring us up to speed like as far as your buying staff? At what level is it? Do you have any -- are you looking for anybody to hire within dd's? And are you guys running this fast out of New York and California the way you do Ross Stores? Just a little bit of color behind how dd's is working these days. 
Michael Balmuth: Dd's has its own separate buying organization. We are essentially full, okay? We have no key openings. Our key positions are filled. We have -- as Ross does, we have a much bigger organization in New York than we do in Los Angeles. And dd's has the same complement of a New York and Los Angeles buying office. And what is the another piece, Marni, that you wanted? 
Marni Shapiro: No. Just curious. Things are pretty much fully staffed and running, just more a matter of opening stores and getting things at and getting the sales up to start leveraging all the expenses that are there? 
Michael Balmuth: I think that's accurate and well-put. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And just on the operating side, Marni. We have dd's and we have distribution capacity for dd's. We have a dedicated field staff for dd's. So really, it's just a question of over time expanding the business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I'm wondering if you can just refer back to the infrastructure investments you talked about as presenting a little bit of a headwind for earnings growth this year. We've got the 2 distribution centers that you're adding, one this year and one next year. The acquisition of your New York City office. Are there any other infrastructure investments that you're making beyond those? And then if you could just talk about the state of your IT systems, do you feel like there's any investment over the next couple of years that you'd like to make there as well? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Okay, Kimberly. The 2 major investments that are worth calling out are the new distribution centers, 2 of them, and one this year and one in 2015. And then the purchase of the New York buying office. The nature of those types of investments is that, number one, they're lumpy. So you don't make those kinds of investments very often. And so there are some start-up costs associated with those investments, particularly ramping up the DCs. And that's really what's causing -- why we thought we would call out and there's a little bit of a headwind in earnings from those investments. I should say that as we grow into that capacity over the next 2 to 3 years, that capacity leverage will become immaterial over time. In terms of the second part of your question about IT, we are always making investments in our IT systems in different parts of the company. But nothing significant in terms of major projects that are worth calling out. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Great. And just one follow-up question for Michael. I'm curious if you saw any impact in your business after the November 1 discontinuation of the SNAP benefit. I know clearly, obviously, Ross does not sell food, but theoretically some of those customers also shopped at Ross for their apparel wardrobe with less support on the food side, maybe they might want to cut back. I'm just wondering if you saw any sort of impact on your business at all? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Kimberly, we really didn't. My understanding is that the food stamp program was worth about $5 billion a year. And you just put that in order of magnitude. I think the payroll tax increase was like $100 billion last year. So although as the food stamp has always been very important to the people who receive them, as a whole, they really don't make a significant difference. And we didn't notice any trend current change after that point. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Sterne Agee. 
Irwin Boruchow: I guess, Michael, just a quick question. I think you commented on the gross margin line in Q4 that your merchandise margins were positive. Because you're -- maybe I missed -- I didn't hear it, what was the basis point change year-over-year in Q4? And then could you just walk us through -- obviously, it's a volatile Q4 for most everyone in retail. How you kind of played with the pricing architecture within the store during Q4? 
Michael Hartshorn: Ike, this is Michael. As mentioned in the comments, overall, operating margins were down about 95 basis points. 65 basis points of that deleverage was due to the 53rd week comparison and that's mainly operating expenses. For gross margin, merchant margin was up about 30 basis points. Occupancy freight, buying and distribution costs combined, delevered by 75 basis points, leaving gross margin to down 45 basis points. And then SG&A was down 50 basis points, which gets you to the total of 95 for the quarter. 
Irwin Boruchow: Okay. And then can you comment on how your pricing might have evolved as Q4 kind of played out just in terms of how holiday in January? Just kind of curious if you could give us any more color. 
Michael Balmuth: Well, the color I give you is, we went into the fourth quarter with lot of Open-to-Buy availability and it gave us the ability to take advantage of a lot of opportunities in the market that helped balance pricing in our store at a very good margin product. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Oliver Chen with Citigroup. 
Maryana Pleskanka: This is Maryana filling in for Oliver Chen. Could you please provide us with some color regarding traffic and ticket size for the quarter? As well as what categories you see the most opportunity in? 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of the composition of the comp, as we mentioned, the 2% comp for the quarter was driven by a larger basket. This was mainly driven by more units per transaction, but also a slightly AUR. And then transactions were down a bit for the quarter. 
Michael Balmuth: And your point 3 was what? 
Maryana Pleskanka: What categories are you seeing the most opportunity in? 
Michael Balmuth: I think we would really more, in this forum, speak to where we had the most opportunity in fourth quarter. Forward, we wouldn't talk about in this forum. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: So 2 questions. First, in terms of the sales, if you look at the last 4-, 5-year comps this year, decelerated a little bit. Do you think that is more a function of just the economy and the marketplace, or do you think that's a function of the share loss with maybe some of the department stores being aggressive, some of the things that you talked about in the Midwest? And it sounds like one of your off-price competitors got some aggressive pricing this fourth quarter as well. So is that more just the market or the share loss? 
Michael Hartshorn: I think, Mike, it's important to put it in context that we achieved a 3% comp last year that was on top of a 6% the year before. And before that, 5%; and before that, 5%; and before that 6%. So over 5 years, we've averaged to 5% comp. I don't think it's realistic to expect that we can sustain that kind of comp level. So we were pretty happy with our 3% on -- given those last year comparisons. Now the other points that you mentioned such as the economy, unemployment, cuts in government benefits, some of the struggles and other competitors. Those all play a part, of course, in how we do as a business. But I think put in context, we feel pretty happy with that 3%. 
Michael Baker: Okay. Fair enough. Second question. Just so I'm clear on it so -- and I guess, this plays into that guidance of 4% to 9% instead of the usual guidance you've given of 6% to 11% growth. So to be clear, the difference is the higher tax rate, which is a slight difference. And then if the infrastructure investment and that's primarily start-up costs and also the D&A, which will be higher by somewhere around $25 million, maybe $50 million, that's the biggest impact in that guidance differential? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, Mike. So operating margin, we mentioned, would be flat to slightly down 20 basis points based on the 1% to 2% comp. And so the differences are below the EBIT line, which is interest, which is about $7 million or 7 basis points and tax rate, which would be slightly higher. 
Michael Baker: So that -- but within that margin guidance, that includes a pretty significantly high depreciation number. Is that right? 
Michael Hartshorn: That's correct, Mike. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just going back maybe a little bit to the outlook in 1% to 2% comp for the first quarter and the full year. What's your general expectation for traffic and ticket? And I guess, within ticket, what, if anything, are you expecting from benefits, if there is apparel costs, inflation, for example, as some expect? In the past, I think that's been a benefit for in terms enabling you guys to offer even more attractive relative values. What's your thought on that going forward? 
Michael Hartshorn: I would say the factor guiding 1% to 2% for the first quarter and for the year is a combination of we're up against pretty tough performance, we're in a tough environment. We've been able to sell goods at full margin prices, so we're happy with the finance results. And to dissect it more that you'd into what the composition is as to traffic versus ticket, et cetera, we really run our business to provide the best bargain as possible with customers and it's kind of self-revealed. In other words, they come and buy the bargain. So I don't think we're expecting inflation in terms of apparel. We haven't seen that lately. So that won't be our expectation for the first quarter. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And then just back to, obviously, there's some regional differences in terms of percent of store base between you and some other players. If you just look at -- obviously, you mentioned Texas. Can you talk about the -- your performance on the West Coast specifically? 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. So in terms of for the quarter, we mentioned Texas was the strongest. Florida was also strong. California performed in line with the chain and our weakest markets are where the weather was, the worst including Mid-Atlantic and Midwest. 
Daniel Hofkin: And with that, would you say that, that was kind of most pronounced by far in January, as we're seeing with a lot of other companies? 
Michael Hartshorn: I think that's true. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Heather Balsky: This is Heather Balsky calling for Lorraine. I just had a question with regard to your vendor base. You guys have been able to grow your vendor base every year, the past few years. I'm just wondering, looking ahead, where do you see opportunities to add new vendors? And how do changes in your merchandising organization allow you to also grow your vendor base? 
Michael O'Sullivan: I heard the first part of it, how do we see -- could you repeat the second part of your question? 
Heather Balsky: Yes, sorry. The changes in your merchandising organization, how does that also help you access additional brands and grow your vendor base? 
Michael Balmuth: Okay. The more merchants you have, the more market coverage you can get, the more vendors you can see, the more doors you can open. And that leads to more vendors. We've grown our organization dramatically over the last 4 years and it's helped us grow our base of vendors. We expect it to grow significantly. Probably, it would grow across the company, probably more significantly in home and center core-type businesses and as apparel has become more centralized in fewer and fewer players. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Laura Champine with Canaccord. 
Laura Champine: On the CapEx front, after we see this ramp to $800 million this year, when we move into next year, you've got an another DC opening. Should CapEx stay at that elevated rate? And where do you think it settles out long-term as a percentage of sales? 
Michael Hartshorn: This is -- Laura, this is Michael. It is -- this is our peak. As we mentioned, part of the spend this year was dealing IBO. But after we open that distribution center next year, I think it settles more similar to the 2012 levels. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Montagna with Avondale Partners. 
Mark Montagna: Michael, back last year in the second quarter, you were able to react to an expected rise in department store promotions for the fourth quarter. Wondering what your expectations for the department store promo levels are for this first half. 
Michael Balmuth: I would say, based on how business conditions have been, I would expect it to be fairly promotional. 
Mark Montagna: So would you say higher promotions year-over-year versus last year or and... 
Michael Balmuth: I would expect it to be somewhat more promotional than a year ago. Yes. 
Mark Montagna: Okay. And then can you give us a tally of maybe how many selling days might have been lost in the fourth quarter due to weather? 
Michael O'Sullivan: It would be very hard to quantify that, Mark, just given we had, obviously, different weather in different regions. So I'm not sure how to give you a number that will answer your question now. 
Mark Montagna: Okay. And then just last question. I think, Michael, you were expecting strength in the fourth quarter on gift items. And was that just -- I think it was for the home category or was it also across other categories? And how do you feel that, that -- those gift items did during the fourth quarter? 
Michael Balmuth: It was really across all the categories as well, as out of home. And I think it did pretty well. We were pleased with it, but we see room for improvement. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Roxanne Meyer with UBS. 
Roxanne Meyer: I was just wondering if you were able to provide us with some additional hindsighting as it relates to your third quarter performance. And looking back, what may have led to a slight miss hit to your expectations there? And have there been any adjustments made as a result of that? 
Michael O'Sullivan: I don't think we have any additional intelligence, Roxanne, on the third quarter. Obviously, we're always looking at our business in terms of improvements we can make. And certainly, to the extent that there were merchandise categories that we thought weren't performing well in the third quarter, we have made attempts to improve those merchandise categories. But nothing other than that. That's kind of business as usual for us, but nothing under that now. 
Roxanne Meyer: Okay. And then I just had one quick follow-up. In terms of your new store growth for this year, what percentage of your new stores are going to be in newer markets? And are there any additional -- are there any new markets aside from those that you're currently in, in the Midwest? 
Michael Hartshorn: So it's about 1/3 of our Ross stores will be in new markets. And they'll be the same markets we've been in over the last couple of years. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Drbul with Nomura Securities. 
Robert Drbul: Here's the question that I have, is much more on the succession plan unfolding. Is there any update to the time line of when we might be able to expect more definitive plans around your departure or retirement, Michael? 
Michael Balmuth: Sounds like you want me out. But we announced in, I think it was May of '12, that I'd be stepping down, moving into Executive Chairman position as of June 1, '14. We'll be making that announcement in spring here, okay, over the next few months. 
Robert Drbul: Okay. I don't you want out. I was just serious in terms if there's any update. 
Michael Balmuth: No update yet. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Stein with Northcoast Research. 
Jeffrey Stein: A question on your packaway business. I'm just kind of curious, what kind of mix you currently have? And perhaps, what kind of AUR might be embedded in that packaway? Given that it's such a high percentage of your inventory, would it yield a higher AUR compared to last year, the same or lower? 
Michael O'Sullivan: It's fairly similar for last year, Jeff. And the mix is very similar for last year. We're very happy with what we have in packaway. We were happy with last year, too. So I don't think there's any major differences to call out on packaway. 
Jeffrey Stein: Okay. Have you guys disclosed how you're planning to finance the New York buying office? And how much of the purchase price will be financed? 
Michael Hartshorn: No. We haven't announced how we're going to do that. That's probably a third quarter event. We're working on that currently. And we'd love to have financed the whole thing. 
Jeffrey Stein: Okay. And when is the new distribution facility open in 2014? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Right about the middle of the year. We'll ramp it up over a couple of months and it will be fully operational by the end of the third quarter. 
Jeffrey Stein: So the heaviest start-up expenses from that facility will show up when? Will it show up in Q3? Or is it already beginning to show up? 
Michael O'Sullivan: I think the biggest piece of the expense will start showing up when it opens in Q3. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Jaffe with Stifle. 
Richard Jaffe: Michael, just a question. Given this broad array of merchandise, a high-quality of merchandise that's available in the marketplace, are there any, I guess, opportunities to take advantage of this and then broaden array of product in stores with new categories, with new brands? And also, to experiment with price points, to try higher retails, higher-quality brands. Anything like that? 
Michael Balmuth: A lot of that I wouldn't talk about here. But it's the various price points, the opportunities, it's really all over the place. So there are things that we will be experimenting with out of it, things that we might not have been in to quite as fast. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Patrick McKeever with MKM Partners. 
Patrick McKeever: Just wondering if you might give us some updated thoughts on e-commerce. I mean, I guess, intuitively, one can see why that would not be as much of a threat to you as other retailers. But the largest player in the off-price space is moving forward there and talking very positively about the opportunity to reach more customers. So is there a chance that you might be missing an opportunity? And does the e-commerce factor at all into some of the distribution infrastructure investments that you're making? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Patrick, it's certainly an area that we've looked at very closely. Our assessment is that it's very hard for an off-price business to make money in e-commerce at the price points that we operate at. And most of the activity in the last few years seems to have been at relatively high price points in merchandise where we really don't compete. So to our focus, it's really on our bricks-and-mortar business. We know that we can achieve strong returns in that business. We know we have a lot of potential. Many, many more markets that we can expand into. But having said that, we'll continue to monitor e-commerce. And if things develop and we think it looks like a possible opportunity, we'll take another look. 
Patrick McKeever: And then another -- a quick one on the new distribution centers. Will that change your basic distribution model, which, I think, is to distribute merchandise from all DCs to all stores? Will you  move more toward a regional distribution model? 
Michael O'Sullivan: It won't dramatically change our distribution model. We are -- our distribution network, at this point, is fairly mature and operates pretty effectively and supports our business very well. And the new DCs are intended to be integrated into that same model. So no radical change, no. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about the customer, both for dd's and for Ross, what opportunities do you see to expand the existing customer base to get more of the wallet share -- to expand the existing and get more wallet share from new and existing customers, how do you see the opportunity to grow that? And the pressures on them, whether it's food stamps, whether it's health care costs, how is it different now than it's been last year? Do you see anything different? And how much of your customer is impacted by any of those external pressures? 
Michael Balmuth: Really, it goes back -- in getting more of their wallet, it goes back to the same thing that we've probably said numerous times is, if we execute and provide more bargains in front of customers, they'll come back more. And that -- I don't think that's changed in a while. I don't it changes as we go forward and it applies to these as well for us. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then on the second part of your question, Dana, about what impact economic trends, the factors, there's unemployment, the cuts in government benefits, what impact that might have on us. I think certainly, anything that takes money out of customers' pocket is not a good thing for retail and not a good thing for off-price. But having said that, logically, you would think that the greater extent that people need bargains, the better off we might be. So you could play it either way. 
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back to Mr. Balmuth for closing remarks. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. Thank you. 
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-20 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2012 Form 10-K and fiscal 2013 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 Now I would like to turn the call over to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
Michael Balmuth: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Michael Hartshorn, Senior Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Connie Wong, Director of Investor Relations. 
 We'll begin with a review of our third quarter performance followed by our outlook for the upcoming holiday season. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As noted in today's press release, third quarter sales were in line with our guidance, while earnings were better than expected, mainly due to an above-planned merchandise gross margin. Earnings per share for the third quarter of 2013 increased 11% to $0.80, up from $0.72. These results are on top of a 14% gain in the prior year. Net earnings for the quarter were $171.6 million, up from $159.5 million last year. Sales rose 6% to $2,398,000,000 with comparable store sales up 2% on top of a 6% gain in the prior year. For the first 9 months of 2013, earnings per share were $2.86, up from $2.46. These results represent a 16% increase versus 22% for the same year-to-date period in 2012. Net earnings grew to $619.4 million, up from $550.2 million for the first 9 months of 2012. Sales increased 8% to $7,489,000,000 with comparable store sales up 3% on top of a 7% gain for the same period in 2012. 
 Juniors and Missy sportswear were the strongest businesses during quarter, while Florida was the top-performing region. Operating margin of 11.3% was relatively flat to last year. As a percent of sales, an improvement in cost of goods sold was offset by an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses. John will provide additional color on these operating margin trends in a few minutes.
 As we ended the third quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 7% over last year, while packaway levels were 45% of total inventories compared to 46% at this time in 2012. Average in-store inventories were down 2% at the end of the quarter, and we continue to target slightly lower selling store inventories for the balance of the year. 
 dd's DISCOUNTS had solid sales and improved profitability for the quarter, benefiting from our ongoing ability to operate the business on leaner inventory levels, while also flowing a larger percentage of fresh and exciting product to our stores. We also completed our store expansion program during the period with the addition of 88 Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS locations combined year-to-date. As usual, these numbers do not include about 10 older stores that will have been closed or relocated by the end of the year. 
 Now John will provide further color on our third quarter results and details on our updated guidance for the fourth quarter and the year. 
John Call: Thank you, Michael. Our 2% comparable store sales gain in the third quarter was mainly driven by an increase in the size of the average basket. As Michael noted, third quarter operating margin was 11.3%. Although flat to last year, this was above planned, mainly due to 55 basis points in higher merchandise margin. This increase was partially offset as expected by about 35 basis points related to a lower shortage benefit. These results compare to last year when our physical inventory was better than expected and added about $0.02 of third quarter earnings per share. This year's fiscal inventories also reflect our ability to maintain record low shrink expense in line with reduced reserves and on top of significant improvements over the past several years.
 Occupancy costs during the quarter increased about 15 basis points while selling, general and administrative expenses delevered by about 10 basis points. Our stock repurchase program remains on track as we bought back 2 million shares in the quarter for a total purchase price of $145 million. As a result, year-to-date, we have repurchased 6.4 million shares for a total price of $421 million. We expect to buy an additional $129 million during the fourth quarter, keeping us on track to complete about $550 million of the 2-year, $1.1 billion program announced at the beginning of 2013.
 Let's turn now to our guidance for the fourth quarter. As a reminder, the 53rd week last year added about $149 million in sales and $0.10 in earnings per share to the 2012 fourth quarter and fiscal year. The extra week in 2012 also resulted in all fiscal quarters being 1 week later in 2013 versus the prior year. While this shift is relatively neutral for the full year, it added about 1% to fiscal sales growth in the first half. This benefit is reversing and reducing sales growth on a fiscal comparison and the comparison in the second half by about 1%. This impact is reflected in our third quarter results and is also embedded in the following fourth quarter guidance.
 As noted in today's press release, for the 13 weeks ending February 1, 2013, we are now projecting same-store sales to increase 1% to 2% and earnings per share to be in the range of $0.97 to $1.01. This compares to $1.07 for the 14 weeks ended February 2, 2013, which includes the aforementioned $0.10 benefit from last year's 53rd week. 
 For the fourth quarter of 2013, operating statement assumptions include the following. As I just mentioned, we are now forecasting a 1% to 2% increase in same-store sales. This projected growth is on top of challenging multiyear gains of 5% and 7% in the fourth quarters of 2012 and 2011, respectively. Factoring in new store growth along with 1 less week of sales versus last year, total sales for this year's 13-week quarter are projected to be down 1% to 2% from last year's 14-week period. 
 We are targeting fourth quarter operating margin to be down about 120 to 140 basis points to 12.3% to 12.5% as a percent of sales. About half of this decline is related to the estimated 65 basis point benefit from last year's fourth quarter from the 53rd week. The balance of the lower forecasted operating margin is mainly due to more conservative merchandise gross margin assumptions compared to the first 9 months of 2013. We would also expect some deleveraging on expenses as same-store sales only performed in line with our guidance for a 1% to 2% increase. We are planning no net interest expense in the quarter, and our tax rate is expected to be about 37%, and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are estimated to be about 214 million.
 Moving to our outlook for the full year. We are now projecting earnings per share for the 52 weeks ending February 1, 2014, to be in the range of $3.83 to $3.87.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Michael. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. Our solid year-to-date financial results, especially on top of robust multiyear gains, reflect our ongoing ability to deliver compelling bargains to today's value-conscious customers. As we enter the fourth quarter, we face our own challenging comparisons along with ongoing uncertainty in the macroeconomic and political climates. In addition, more retailers are planning to open earlier than prior years on Thanksgiving Day, and there are 6 fewer shopping days in 2013 between Thanksgiving and Christmas. More importantly, a number of retailers have reported disappointing results over the past few quarters. We believe all of these factors combined will create the most intensely competitive and promotional holiday selling period in recent years. 
 To compete in this tougher climate, our merchants have acquired a wide array of exciting and sharply priced name-brand fashions and gifts to appeal to today's value-focused holiday shoppers. However, it is difficult to know if the compelling bargains we offer will be able to fully offset the impact of a more difficult external environment. As a result, while we hope to do better, we feel it is prudent to adopt a more cautious outlook for the fourth quarter. 
 I want to emphasize that despite these near-term headwinds the strategies that have driven our success over the longer term remain unchanged. Looking ahead, we will stay intently focused on the same key initiatives that have allowed our flexible off-price model to perform well in both healthy and more challenging retail landscapes. #1 is our ongoing commitment to strengthening our merchandising organization with investments in people, processes and technology. To maximize profitability, we will also continue to strictly control both inventories and expenses, fine-tune and upgrade our planning and allocation system and develop and implement further productivity enhancements and efficiencies throughout the company. We firmly believe that carefully and diligently executing these proven strategies will remain the key to maximizing our prospects for earnings and revenue growth over both the near and long term. 
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Paul Lejuez with Wells Fargo. 
Paul Lejuez: Just wondering if -- just looking at sales of packaway, just wondering how your packaway merchandise is performing. Does the promotional environment create any risk to the margins you would normally see on your packaway merchandise. And also just wondering from a category perspective if there was anything specifically that's kind of been a driver of comps that has now slowed down for you guys. 
Michael Balmuth: Our packaway is performing at our expected levels. In looking and went [ph] through this in detail going into every selling period, we are not looking at any real risk in our packaway at all, okay? We feel very good about what we have coming out in packaway in fourth quarter and in early spring. And are we looking at any piece of our business that -- if I remember the third part of the question was are we looking at any piece of our business we're lacking confidence in? And I'd say no. I think -- we think we're fairly well prepared. 
Paul Lejuez: Not so much lack in confidence. I'm just wondering if there's any category specifically that were a driver for you that have now really slowed down, and that's something that you could look at and say, "That would be 1 of the reasons for the slower comps." 
Michael Balmuth: No, no, nothing as you've described has happened. 
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad with ISI Group. 
Omar Saad: Can you talk about -- I thought you have some interesting comments about the environment. Stepping back, big picture, where do you see -- what do you see as the source of a lot of the views that this is going to be such an increasingly promotional holiday season compared to years past? Is it that shortened window where people are going to be in more of a timeframe? It doesn't seem like inventories are significantly overbought kind of across the industry. So any color you have on that kind of looking at the overall environment and what that does to your pricing umbrella as you guys create relative value to some of the other channels would be helpful. 
Michael Balmuth: Where we look at is, as you said, there's a shorter calendar, also business toughened up for department stores and discount stores in the second quarter, giving them ample time to get very well prepared for a promotional fourth quarter with, again, no shortened days between Thanksgiving and Christmas. So I think that those 2 aspects -- and it really hasn't improved on an overall basis as people move from the second quarter to the third quarter. So there is no reason at all for them to soften their position which was developing in the second quarter. What -- the other part of your question was? 
Omar Saad: I guess my follow-up would be, as you look at the flexibility in your buying process and platform does that allow you to manage through this and maybe recapture or fight against some of the tougher macro kind of bigger picture issues? 
Michael Balmuth: Usually it does. It certainly -- what it does is, one, we end up in strong buying position. Okay.  And some of that buying position will be utilized to flow in this season, some will be utilized to flow in 2014. So it all depends how severe and bloody it  gets. Okay. Remember, once -- it's a very short selling season this year between Thanksgiving and Christmas. So once the games begin, there's not a lot any of us can really do, and we run an every-day low-price business. We think we've anticipated what prices are going, but you never can be quite sure. 
Operator: The next question comes from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Neely Tamminga: Just wondering if you guys could enlighten us on 2 issues. One would just be in terms of the pattern of the quarter. I apologize if I missed this earlier, but did -- was there a particular month within the quarter that underperformed your expectations? We've been broadly hearing about October and August being better and September being a little bit weaker. Just wondering how that lined up with your expectations. And then secondly, on the holiday hours, are you guys chain-wide not going to be opening up at all early on Thanksgiving? Or are you leaving that decision to regions and locations? Just curious. 
John Call: So, Neely, for the quarter, we don't comment specifically. But actually the first part of the quarter was a little more healthy than the second part of the quarter is what I'd say. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And Neely, on your second question, over the last several years, we've actually been pretty flexible our store opening hours in general. And within reason, we've sort of looked at sort of local circumstances on decisions about what time stores open. The same is true of Thanksgiving. As a chain, we're not opening early for Thanksgiving, but there are some stores that will be operating extended hours based upon the local circumstances that they're in. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Sterne Agee. 
Irwin Boruchow: I guess you guys alluded to the back half of the quarter was weaker than the front half. I guess the high-level question I'd ask is do you think that's more a function of your customer demographic being under a little bit more pressure? Or do you think it's more a function of your competition and some of the moderate income big boxes just being a little bit more promotional? And your thoughts there. 
John Call: Yes, I think it has to do with back-to-school season in the first part of the quarter, where people really have a reason to buy. With a back half of the quarter, there wasn't that compelling reason. 
Irwin Boruchow: But anything with how your customer demographic is feeling? They started -- there is some pressure to start the year in February. Are you seeing any of the same signs that you kind of saw to start the year in terms of how that demographic is feeling about themselves and their shopping patterns? 
John Call: I don't think so. I think they've been under pressure for a number of years now. 
Michael Balmuth: Certainly, you had the -- you had what happened nationally with the shutdown. So how much that played into that, I don't know. 
Operator: The next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Michael, this year you've been anniversarying  really to comparisons all year. And the third quarter seems to be the first quarter where they presented more of a challenge I think in the company's ability to anniversary them. Is there something that changed here in Q3? And then as you look at your geographic footprint, were there areas that performed particularly well for Ross and other areas that might have lagged the chain? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Kimberly, you're right. Certainly, we were up against some pretty tough comps in the third quarter. So they're [ph] about 2% that we reported was on top of the 6% last year, and that itself was on top of a 5% the year before. So that's why we guided the way we did for the third quarter. In terms of how the quarter played out, as John said, there were more reasons for the customer to shop around back-to-school, but the third quarter is tricky. As the quarter goes on, there are few reasons for the customer to shop until the weather turns cold. On your point about -- or your question about geographically, yes, Florida was strong for us again this quarter. 
Operator: The next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Just following up on the fourth quarter guidance. I know a lot of the calendar shift has been well known when you gave your initial 4Q guidance. What were the key 1 or 2 things that you saw out there in the third quarter that made you tweak that fourth quarter number down? 
John Call: Yes. So, obviously, as we tracked through the third quarter that changed our perspective on the fourth quarter. Going into the fourth quarter, we want to be priced appropriately with what we anticipate is a very promotional calendar. And with that, if we only do the 1% to 2% comp, there'd be a little falloff in leverage. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Tunick with JPMorgan. 
Brian Tunick: First question, I didn't hear -- at least I didn't think I heard anything on the home business. Just wondering if you could talk a little about sort of how home performed in the quarter and sort of what are your objectives either as a percentage of sales or how you think you can continue to benefit from the housing cycle. And then the second question is on some of the new market conversations and how micro-merchandising is supposed to be helping you. Can you just maybe give us some view of how some of the middle of the country markets are working and your confidence that you'll be able to move towards the East Coast, I guess, over the next couple of years. 
Michael Balmuth: The home performance, as you might remember, we went through some difficulty in home a while back, and we've been progressing on a plan to improve the business. And in the third quarter, it ran at the same rate as the company, and we see it continuing to make progress in Q4. We have it very well positioned for a gift business. It becomes -- it's an important part of our store all year round, but it gets a little more important in Q4. And we think we're continuing along, and we're satisfied with the progress we're making there. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And Brian, on your second question about new markets. Overall, the performance of our new markets was in line with that for the quarter and for the year. And we've only been in new markets for just over 2 years, but we're very happy with what we've been able to accomplish, and we remain very confident we're going to be able to build a strong business there over the long term. You mentioned micro-merchandising. That's certainly been one of the things that's helped us respond -- adjust assortments and respond to customer trends in that region. 
Operator: The next question comes from Roxanne Meyer with UBS. 
Roxanne Meyer: I'm wondering if your -- just to follow up on  guidance -- if it's also based on anything that you're specifically seeing in November that we can extrapolate. And also what I guess -- it was great to see your merchandise margin up nicely. Aside from the management of inventories, what else contributed to your increase in merchandise margin? 
John Call: So to that question, Roxanne, clearly the lower inventories we've done consider [ph] this with lower markdowns throughout the period and we had a little stronger price in the quarter as well. So those came together nicely for us during the quarter. As to any indications in February and what that might mean for the fourth quarter, we just don't comment -- excuse me, November, I'm sorry. We just don't comment on that. 
Operator: The next question comes from Bridget Weishaar with Morningstar. 
Bridget Weishaar: As you mentioned, your competition has kind of ramped up its act and put together a planned promotional season complete with marketing campaigns. Has this increased level of competition at all influenced your marketing campaign and the spend in that area? And also if you could comment on social versus traditional media spend. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So, Bridget, our marketing strategy and our marketing message has been very consistent over the years. The message is really that we offer the best value in apparel and home fashions all the time. There's no gimmicks, no spin, just a straightforward message. And we found that, that works pretty well with our customers. They understand the message. And when they come to the store, we kind of deliver on that message. So no real change in terms of the -- just the every day value message that we're providing for the customer. Now you mentioned social media. We have been experimenting and investing in social media over the last couple of years. We found historically that word of mouth is actually the best marketing that we have, and we found social media is a good vehicle to sort of promote word of mouth. So we've been doing a number of things in that space. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Stein with Northcoast Research. 
Jeffrey Stein: I'm wondering if you could talk about the performance of dd’s versus Ross? Which showed a stronger comp increase for the quarter? And did they both report comp increases for the quarter? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, Jeff. dd’s had very solid sales growth during the quarter as Michael mentioned. We don't break out dd’s separately. It's not big enough, not material to the overall corporation. So we're very happy with dd’s performance. 
Jeffrey Stein: But can you just say whether or not they comped positively or not? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, they did. 
Jeffrey Stein: They did. Okay, good. And I didn't hear anything in terms of the -- when you were discussing the comp, you talked about the size of the basket. Did you see an increase in traffic, which has been part of the driver up through the first 6 months of the year? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Traffic was pretty flat to last year. 
Jeffrey Stein: Okay, all right. And just a question for John. Wondering if you could just run through the economics of buying -- purchasing your buying office and what -- just kind of the thought process behind that as opposed to either renewing the lease or doing something else. 
John Call: Sure. So we had a unique opportunity, we think, that gives us long-term control over that space in order to house what we believe is our most strategic asset, and that's our merchandise organization. We think it gives an opportunity to keep that group together in 1 centralized location in the heart of the garment district, which we think is incredibly important to us. We are currently working through the CapEx and financing going into 2014. We'll have more to say on that when we report our fourth quarter results. And the purchase actually, as indicated I think in the disclosures we made, will not be consummated until later on in 2014. 
Operator: The next question comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. 
Stephen Grambling: When you look back at prior periods when the holiday has been particularly aggressive, are there any learnings to extrapolate to this period? And I guess what I'm trying to get at is as you look at these types of promotional periods do you historically end up with better product and better positioning coming out? 
Michael Balmuth: I think basically what we've learned is go into these periods planned very conservatively, have a lot of open to buy. And typically there are buying opportunities within it, some of which we'll be able to use in that season, some of which or a considerable amount is able to be used for the following year. But it usually turns into a buying opportunity. 
Operator: The next question comes from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just a little follow-up. I know we've kind of beaten the comp progression to death a little bit. But in terms of comparing you guys with the demographic of some of your competitors in off-price, do you feel like just the macro is a greater factor for you, either macro alone or who you're competing against versus who some of your channel competitors are competing against? Is that a greater factor and something that is contributing to the downshift here in the second half, in your opinion? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Daniel, I don't think we think that. That sounds a bit more fine-tuned than I think we're capable of. But I think that -- what we look at is we look at our multiyear comparisons over the last 3 third quarters, 5% in 2011, 6% in 2012 and then 2% this year. So on a stacks basis, we think that lines up pretty well versus our competitors. And also just on a year-to-date basis I would say that we look pretty good versus our competitors. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And the -- as it relates to margin, was there any trade-off between merch margin or, let's say, pricing and traffic or maybe a little bit of firmer pricing, a little better margin partly at the expense of less traffic? Was that a factor at all in the complexion? 
Michael O'Sullivan: No. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And I guess beyond the sort of some of the -- a couple of the categories and regional info that you've given, is there any -- can you provide any -- fill out the rest a little bit for us in terms of what else was better or worse or -- than the chain average? 
Michael Balmuth: Yes. Ladies was the strongest business in the store. And home, as I said, progressed nicely and ran with the company. And we saw some improvements in our shoe business. 
Daniel Hofkin: Shoe business, you said? 
Michael Balmuth: Yes. 
Daniel Hofkin: Got it. Okay. And then regionally, you said Florida was the best. Did you say anything specifically about West Coast or other markets? 
Michael O'Sullivan: West Coast was pretty much in line with the chain. 
Daniel Hofkin: Which I guess you would expect. 
Operator: The next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen. 
John Kernan: So as we look out longer term, and your operating margin's come a long way, you're at kind of a peak level here. What gives you confidence that you can move it higher? Is it something in the merchandise margin? Is it SG&A leverage? As we look out next year and longer term, what do you view as the margin driver to get you past this kind of peak level? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So, John, there are really 3 things that have driven our operating margin over the last 2 years, lower markdowns from managing inventories more tightly, lower shrink from a bunch of initiatives we put in place and expense leverage on -- ahead of planned sales. I think that in each of those areas there might be some incremental upside. At this point, I think it'll be fairly small, but there'll be some incremental upside. So really most of the benefit from here on is from sales leverage. So our focus is really making sure we have the best merchandise and the best bargains in the stores with regards to that. 
Operator: The next question comes from David Mann with the Johnson Rice. 
David Mann: John, can you just talk a little more detail about the components of gross margin, how you think that may play out in the fourth quarter? 
John Call: Yes. So as we roll into the fourth quarter, we've mentioned that gross margin may be a little tougher than it's been year-to-date. We think we're going to be priced aggressively going into that quarter. We also have some deleverage of some of the other components of gross margin in buying staff, distribution expenses, et cetera. We just did want [ph] it to comp. 
David Mann: Okay. And Michael, you mentioned a little earlier about the potential of a buying opportunity for goods. I'm just curious given that the department stores, as you said, signaled that things were weaker starting back at the end of the second quarter. How was the buying opportunity from a pricing standpoint for goods in the third quarter? 
Michael Balmuth: How was it? 
David Mann: Yes. 
Michael Balmuth: It was pretty good. 
David Mann: So given that, how -- it would suggest that you're fairly well positioned coming into the fourth quarter from an IMU standpoint to at least have some cushion, no? 
Michael Balmuth: Yes, yes. 
David Mann: Okay. And then one last question on the inventory per store. Obviously, you guys have taken significant amounts of inventory out of the store on a per-store basis. I'm just curious, do you expect that to continue next year at all? And any thoughts about any need on a certain store basis to start putting more inventory back in the store? 
Michael O'Sullivan: We're in the process of putting together our plans for next year, David. I think it's likely, but we haven't finalized the plans yet. I think it's likely that we'll trim inventories a little bit more. We think that's worked well for us. It's increased the freshness of the products in front of the customer. It's helped to drive sales and to drive margins. So I think we still think there's some opportunity there. But yes, it's smaller than the -- obviously, we've taken out close to 40% of inventory per store. So it'll be pretty small compared with that, but still some incremental opportunities. 
Michael Balmuth: And on the other part of the question, we're not looking at putting more of that back. We're very happy with the way this has worked, and it's all about flow of product to the stores. 
Operator: The next question comes from Laura Champine with Canaccord. 
Laura Champine: Now that you've had some more time operating in the Midwest, could you update us on your thoughts for future growth in the Midwest and also just give us a sense for how California, your most important market, is doing? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. Having been in the Midwest for about 2 years now, we're continuing to open stores. And I think you can expect for the next several years we'll continue to build out our presence in the Midwest, adding more markets in the Midwest over time. And in terms of California, California has been tracking pretty close to the chain for the year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Marni Shapiro with The Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Could you -- Michael, you mentioned, or I can't remember who mentioned it, that the size of the basket had increased just a little bit. Can you give us any color around that? And then any indications about traffic? Has your traffic been consistently good and up this year versus last year and in particular in the third quarter. 
John Call: So on the basket size, Marni, that was slightly -- -- could be mix issues. Obviously, we have lower markdowns. Retails are up slightly. So that drove a bit of the basket up. As to traffic counts, I think Michael alluded to the fact that traffic was flattish for the period. 
Marni Shapiro: But looking at the whole year in the aggregate, was it -- has it been trending up for the year in general? 
Michael O'Sullivan: I think slightly up for the year-to-date. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Montagna with Avondale Partners. 
Mark Montagna: Two questions. Do you think that it's possible you may be overanticipating the difficulty between Thanksgiving and Christmas considering so many of the retailers have already implemented -- they've been basically trying to do Black Friday week ever since the beginning of November. 
Michael Balmuth: I would say, hopefully. 
Michael O'Sullivan: I think what we found, Mark, is as Michael said earlier,when we position ourselves relatively cautiously, when we keep our inventories tight, our expenses tight that actually if it's a promotional environment we can do okay, and we can hit our guidance. And actually if it turns out we're wrong, we've shown that we're pretty good at chasing business. And we hope the sales trend is stronger. 
Mark Montagna: Okay. And then the next question is it seems like all year you guys have had some pricing power and been able to operate at a greater price spread versus the department stores when they have to react to promotions. Is it -- sounds as though you're expecting to maybe give back some of that pricing power in the third quarter. If you don't have to give it back, would it be fair to say that your comps should be above the guidance that you're giving? 
Michael Balmuth: I'm not sure. I would need you to elaborate on the question. I'm not sure of the pricing power point. 
Mark Montagna: Yes. It seems as though this year your -- the price gap between Ross and the traditional retailers is not as great as -- I mean is -- you've been able to maintain it if not maybe increase it a little bit versus traditionally. And I'm just wondering if you're anticipating shrinking that. It sounds like you're anticipating shrinking that during this current fourth quarter. If that doesn't happen, I guess, would it be fair to say that then your comp would be stronger than what you're guiding to. 
Michael Balmuth: I'll put it another way. If it's not as promotional an environment, we should do better, okay, which is really what you're -- I think what you're asking. 
Mark Montagna: Right, okay. And then just last question, do you see any white space out there for you, perhaps, plus or petite sizes? 
Michael Balmuth: Can you phrase that differently? 
Mark Montagna: Like merchandise in terms of white space, in terms of... 
Michael Balmuth: What's the opportunity... 
Mark Montagna: Yes, merchandise opportunities. 
Michael Balmuth: Yes. I think the special size business is an important business. And certainly nationally the large size business is growing very rapidly. And so I probably would say that has a bigger opportunity for most people -- most retailers. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: So a couple of things. First on the third quarter. Comps did slow, and I appreciate the tough comparison. But if you look at it versus -- on a 2-year stack or 3-year stack, it's pretty -- it's as low as it's been in years, frankly. So what happened in your mind? Was it more of a macro thing? Or do you think it is much more just a competitive situation where some of the department stores, maybe even JCPenney, have gotten a little bit more aggressive? 
Michael Balmuth: We don't know for sure. But our opinion is it's more macro, okay, in Q3. There really -- Q3 doesn't represent -- after you get through back-to-school,  our quiet shopping period, it's very weather dependent or kick off the fall season for whatever reason dependent. And so it's usually -- it can be a slower startup. And it was up for us. Plus, things just don't look that rosy out there. 
Michael Baker: Yes. Okay. So then I guess the next question, what do you do to get back -- I appreciate your guide to somewhere in the 1% to 2% range. But every quarter for the last 4 or 5 years, you've been able to beat that. What do you do to get back to being able to beat? I mean if it's the tough environment, as you described, do you expect traffic to get better? Is it a trade-down? Or you just sort of wait for the economy to get better? 
Michael Balmuth: Not a trade-down. We do our trade better. We sharpen our prices. Okay. And we execute -- we should execute more effectively, and we run our inventories tighter. That's what we do in off pricing. 
Operator: The next question comes from Oliver Chen with Citigroup. 
Oliver Chen: Regarding the recent trends you've been seeing, what are your thoughts about the seasonal weather categories within the quarter? Other full-price retailers have been quite enthusiastic on this category. Secondly, on your comp forecast of 1% to 2%, is that going to be primarily driven by continuation of the retails up slightly? If you could just help us with some color there, that'll  be great. 
Michael Balmuth: Our seasonal business performed as we planned it,  okay, slightly better in some categories, a little -- not as good in others. But overall about how we planned it. 
John Call: Oliver, as it relates to the guidance on the 1% to 2% comp, difficult for us to parse out whether it's traffic or it's ticket. What we try to do is make sure that we put the best offerings and the best bargains in the stores as possible and believe the customers will react to that. Difficult for us to try to predict what will happen between those 2 levers. 
Oliver Chen: And the promotional environment, it feels to me like you guys would be better positioned than other retailers to benefit from a better comp. But I guess you're taking the view that it's more prudent to be cautious. Could you just try to help me understand that? 
Michael Balmuth: I don't know if I can help you understand it. I can tell you this is what we've done whenever we have felt the environment would be tricky, tricky being more promotional. We've tighten things up and got more conservative, and it's just served us very well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Jaffe with Stifel. 
Richard Jaffe: And just a question on dd’s. Have you found that given the need for more traffic, the need to sell more units, have you taken a different real estate approach than Ross stores? Or is it really a similar approach to demographics and store location? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Richard, dd's has quite a distinct customer, target customer. So when we look to real estate locations, we are looking for quite a different demographic. And therefore, dd’s in most cases ends up being in a different center. There are some exceptions to that, where there's enough of the demographic to support it. But I would say in most cases dd's in a different location. 
Richard Jaffe: And the occupancy cost similar? Or the demographics play out favorably to a lower rent for dd’s DISCOUNT? 
John Call: It should be lower rent, Richard. And the centers we're looking at tend to be more urban areas. And maybe in their second or third generation of occupants tends to be at lower rent. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Exstein with Crédit Suisse. 
Michael Exstein: Can you just give us some updates on what's going on in the new distribution centers and any pressure that could be putting on your SG&A going forward? 
John Call: Sure. Michael, the new distribution center is 1 will come on in kind of mid part of 2014. The other 1 in 2015. So although they might put a little pressure on 2014 distribution costs, they won't be that meaningful, and we'll have more to say about that when we issue guidance for 2014. 
Michael Exstein: How about the home office move? Is that hitting this year or next year? 
John Call: It will hit next year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Patrick McKeever with MKM Partners. 
Patrick McKeever: I'm wondering if you could talk about your holiday merchandise and marketing strategy. Are you going after the gifting business aggressively this year? Is that an area that you've I guess distorted your inventory? And what is the plan from a marketing standpoint? 
Michael Balmuth: I would say our marketing is slightly more aggressive than a year ago, and our inventories are more skewed towards gifting than a year ago, and that's across categories. 
Patrick McKeever: And then just I guess general question on the marketplace, the buying opportunities that you've talked about a little bit. But your competitor -- big competitor did characterize the environment as being better than last year and that sort of thing. Would you agree with that assessment? 
Michael Balmuth: Yes, I would. 
Patrick McKeever: Okay. Can you elaborate a little bit? 
Michael Balmuth: It's a very good buying market. Okay. And yes, there's a lot of opportunities. We're being very selective. Some of these opportunities we'll be using this season. Some of them we'll be using in 2014. But as business slows down, okay -- and you all see more than I do what's happened around us -- the supply lines obviously were not geared for that slowdown. So there was excess supply. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Rick Snyder with Maxim Group. 
Rick Snyder: I noticed that accounts payable the inventory is down and packaway is down. Can you give us some color on maybe the age of the inventory? Is that a reason that you're looking for gross margin down? 
John Call: No, not at all. I think the payables leverage that indicator has to do with timing. I think we're up 2 points from where we were last year. And packaway, it has to do when packaway come in, et cetera. So I won't read anything into that as to implication on gross [ph] in the fourth quarter. 
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about the buckets of gross margin, merchandise, buying staff, distribution expenses, where was the most differences in the third quarter and how you're looking at it for fourth quarter and beyond? 
John Call: Thanks, Dana. I'll take that. As we mentioned, merchandise margin was up 55 basis points. And we had shrink was negative to the tune of 35 basis points. We talked about that in the written comments or the prepared comments. And occupancy was slightly down given the 2 comp. Everything else came in flattish to those numbers. For the fourth quarter, we're looking for merchandise margin to be more flattish as opposed to up where they have been. We also believe that there'll be pressure on occupancy and buying that we indicated. And if we only do the 1% to 2% comp, we should have some pressure on G&A as well. As we did mention in the prepared comments, we're looking for EBIT to delever 120 to 140 basis points, about half of that is due to this 53rd week issue we had in 2012. 
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to hand the call back to that leaders. 
Michael Balmuth: Well, thank you all for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores, and have a great holiday. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-21 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast as of aspects of its future business. 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2012 Form 10-K and fiscal 2013 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
Michael Balmuth: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, our Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Michael Hartshorn, Senior Vice President and Deputy CFO; and Connie Wong, Director of Investor Relations.
 We'll begin with a brief review of our second quarter and year-to-date performance, followed by our outlook for the second half and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As noted in today's press release, we are pleased with our better-than-expected results for the second quarter and first half of the year, which were mainly driven by above-plan sales and merchandise gross margin. Our performance for both the quarter and year-to-date periods continues to benefit from the solid execution of our core off-price strategy of delivering compelling name-brand bargains to today's value-focused consumers.
 Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended August 3, 2013, were $0.98, up 21% on top of a 27% gain in the prior year. Net earnings for the 2013 second quarter grew 17% to $213.1 million.
 Second quarter sales rose 9% to $2,551,000,000, up from $2,341,000,000 in the second quarter of 2012. Comparable-store sales for the 13 weeks ended August 3, 2013, rose 4% over the 13 weeks ended August 4, 2012. This compared to a strong same-store sales gain of 7% for the 13 weeks ended July 28, 2012.  For the 6 months ended August 3, 2013, earnings per share were $2.06, up from $1.74 last year. These results represented 18% increase on top of a 26% gain in the first half of 2012. 
 Net earnings for the period rose 15% to $447.7 million, up from $390.6 million last year. Sales for the first 6 months of 2013 increased 8% to $5,091,000,000, with comparable store sales up 3%, which was on top of a robust 8% gain in the prior-year period. The strongest merchandise categories for the quarter were Juniors and Accessories, while Texas and Florida were the top-performing regions. 
 For the second quarter, earnings before interest and taxes grew to a record 13.6% of sales, up from 12.8% last year. This increased level of profitability was driven by a 70-basis-point improvement in cost of goods sold, mainly due to higher merchandise gross margin and a 10-basis-point decline in selling, general and administrative expenses.  John will provide some additional color on these operating margin trends in a few minutes.
 As we ended the second quarter, total consolidated inventories increased about 9% compared to the prior year, with average in-store inventories down about 4%. Packaway as a percentage of total was 46% compared to 48% for the same period last year. 
 Like Ross, dd's sales and profitability also improved in the second quarter as both change continued to benefit from our ability to flow a larger percentage of fresh and exciting product to our stores.  With respect to our expansion program, we now expect to open 88 Ross and dd's DISCOUNTS locations combined in 2013. As usual, this growth does not include our plan to close or relocate about 10 older stores by the end of the year.
 Now John will provide further color on our second quarter results and details on our second half guidance. 
John Call: Thank you, Michael. While we realized a slight increase in the number of transactions during the quarter, the 4% comparable store sales gain was mainly driven by growth in the size of the average basket. Operating margin grew about 80 basis points in the quarter to a record 13.6%.
 A 70-basis-point improvement in cost of goods sold was mainly driven by higher merchandise margin, which grew by about 80 basis points over last year, including approximately 5 basis points from a lower shrink accrual. This improvement was partially offset by higher distribution costs that were up approximately 10 basis points, mainly due to the timing of packaway-related expenses.  
 Freight, occupancy and the buying costs were all the relatively even with last year as a percent of sales.  Selling, general and administrative costs improved by about 10 basis points as result of leverage on the 4% increase in same-store sales.
 During the second quarter, we repurchased 2.1 million shares for a total purchase price of $138 million. Year-to-date, we have bought back a total of 4.4 million shares for $277 million. We remain on track in 2013 to buy back about $550 million in common stock or about half of the 2-year $1.1 billion authorization approved at the beginning of 2013.
 Let's turn now to our second half guidance. As a reminder, due to the 53rd week in 2012, all fiscal quarters are one week later in 2013 versus the prior year. While this shift is relatively neutral for the full year, it added about 1% to total sales growth in the first half. This benefit is expected to reverse and reduce fiscal sales growth by a similar amount in the second half, which is embedded in the following guidance.
 For the 13 weeks ending November 2, 2013, we are projecting a same-store sales increase of 2% to 3% on top of a 6% increase in the third quarter of 2012. Third quarter 2013 earnings per share are forecast to be in the range of $0.75 to $0.78, up from $0.72 in last year's third quarter. 
 For the 13 weeks ending February 1, 2014, we are also planning same-store sales to be up 2% to 3%, on top of a 5% gain last year. Earnings per share are projected to be in the range of $0.99 to $1.03 compared to $1.07 for the 14 weeks ended February 2, 2013.  As a reminder, the 53rd week last year added about $149 million in sales and $0.10 in earnings per share to the 2012 fourth quarter and fiscal year. 
 Now I'll provide some additional operating statement assumptions for our third quarter EPS targets.  Total sales are expected to grow about 5% to 6%, driven by a combination of new store growth, and as previously mentioned, same-store sales that are forecast to be up 2% to 3% versus the same 13-week period last year that ended November 3, 2012.
 We plan to open 33 new stores during the period, including 24 Ross Dress for Less and 9 dd's DISCOUNTS. We are targeting operating margin to decline 50 to 70 basis points versus last year for a projected range of 10.6% to 10.8%. About 40 basis points of the planned decline is due to the shortage comparison versus last year when our physical inventory results were better than expected and added about $0.02 to third quarter 2012 EPS.
 The remainder reflects some de-leveraging on expenses. The same-store sales are in line with our guidance for a 2% to 3% increase.  We are planning no net interest expense in the quarter. Our tax rate is expected to be about 36%, and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are estimated to be about 215 million.
 Moving to our outlook for the full year. We are now projecting earnings per share for the 52 weeks ending February 1, 2014, to be in the range of $3.80 to $3.87. So again, as sales performed in line with our guidance for the second half, our updated forecast for fiscal 2013 would represent estimated EPS growth of 11% to 13% on a 52-week basis. This compares to strong prior year gains of 20% and 24%, respectively, in 2012 and 2011.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Michael for closing comments. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. While we are pleased with our better-than-expected year-to-date results, we believe it is prudent to maintain a somewhat cautious outlook for the remainder of the year for a number of reasons. These include the ongoing uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, our own challenging multi-year comparisons and the potential for a more promotional and competitive retail climate.
 This is especially true for the fourth quarter, which has a compressed holiday selling period due to 6 fewer shopping days between Thanksgiving and Christmas this year. Throughout the second half, we will continue to run our business with selling store inventories down in the low single-digit range. As an off-price retailer, we have the flexibility to buy closer to need, and at this point, have plenty of Open to Buy [ph] to take advantage of potential dislocations and opportunities in the marketplace over the balance of the year.
 We are also staying intently focused on the key areas of our business that have allowed us to perform well for the past several years. Merchandising remains our top priority, and we plan to further strengthen the organization through investments in people, processes and technology.
 In addition, we continue to fine tune and upgrade our planning and allocation systems and implement productivity enhancements and efficiencies throughout the company. Going forward, we plan to carefully execute these proven strategies, as they are the key to maximizing our prospects for earnings and revenue growth for both the near and long term.
 At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from line of Daniel Hofkin from William Blair. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just wanted to follow up a little bit on some of the category trends. And can you discuss -- I know the home department has been a particular area of focus since last fall. Can you update us on how that's been performing relative to your expectations, relative to the overall comp, for example? That would be my first question. 
Michael Balmuth: Home, we're pleased with the progress we've made. And Home performed in line with the total store for the quarter. So we're happy with the progress we've made. We're right on track. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay, great. And in terms of the regional detail, can you just discuss quickly how -- obviously, the West Coast is a particularly important region for you, but how was that relative to your overall comp? 
Michael O'Sullivan: The West Coast was pretty much in line with the chain comp. Actually, regionally, our comp performance was pretty broad based. I think in Michael's comments, he mentioned Florida and Texas as particularly strong. But frankly, other regions were -- did pretty well, too. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And then can you just, I guess, update us, where -- in terms of the systems -- kind of ongoing systems enhancements that you touched on, where do you feel like you are in that progression relative to -- I mean, is this just something that kind of you see being -- having a long runway ahead? Or do you think -- where do you stand in that? 
Michael Balmuth: Charles [ph]? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Well, Daniel, I think we're pretty far along in terms of the planning and allocation systems that we have in place. As you know, we rolled out micro-merchandising across the chain about 3 years ago. But part of the benefit of planning and allocating at a more detailed level is that that allows you to go for opportunities that you wouldn't otherwise see. So I think there are -- I think we expect that over the next few years, there are going to be opportunities down at individual classification levels or down at individual store or regional levels or even, frankly, looking at different clusters of stores, different segments of stores and spotting opportunities to turn faster and to guide margin and guide sales. So I think we feel pretty good about where we are from a systems point of view. But I think we can get quite a lot of opportunity to use other systems to really drive the business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Mann from Johnson Rice. 
David Mann: Question about the promotional environment. Most of the other major apparel retailers are talking about the fact that there was promotional pressure in the second quarter. Just curious if how you feel like -- there was any impact on you in the quarter? And whether you think that what you're looking at, going into the rest of the year? 
Michael Balmuth: We thought it was typically promotional, okay, not unusually rugged, okay, but fairly typical. I think coming out of the second quarter, where all the major department stores and discounters struggled in the second quarter, they have plenty of time to be preparing, ramping up for a more promotional fourth quarter than they did -- than they were able to for the second quarter, which kind of -- I think quite a lot of people caught off guard. 
David Mann: Okay. And then in terms of the merchandise margin, there was -- it looks like a little bit of an acceleration there. It was a nice gain relative to the last few quarters. Perhaps, John, you can talk a little bit about, was that just better buying in IMU or better sell-through and less markdowns? 
John Call: I think it was a bit of both, David. We saw a bit of both increase in the second quarter. 
David Mann: Okay. And then last question, on the ticket gain, the gain in average ticket driving same-store sales, are you seeing more units per transaction or just some average increase in price? How should we think about that, and that going forward as well? 
Michael Balmuth: Yes. So with that, that was mixed as well, so we had a slightly more SKUs being purchased per basket. And also the AURs are up a little bit as well. And we were happy to see that, actually, traffic was positive as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Jeff Stein from Northcoast Research. 
Jeffrey Stein: A couple of questions. First of all, I want to make sure I heard this correctly. Because of the calendar shift, is there going to be a narrowing of the spread between comp in total because of that shift in the back half of the year? 
John Call: Narrowing -- so explain that? What are you trying to get at, Jeff? 
Jeffrey Stein: I think you mentioned -- somebody mentioned that there was -- you're going to get penalized by 1 percentage point in sales because of the calendar shift. Is that because you're giving up 1 week of higher volume in August and picking up 1 week of lower volume in November? I just wanted to make sure I'm understanding that correctly. 
John Call: That's exactly right, Jeff. There were 2 counters which is off those weeks. 
Jeffrey Stein: Okay. So -- okay. And my second question would be on the SG&A line. Why only 10 basis points of leverage on a 4% comp? I guess, what's embedded in your SG&A that is preventing you from seeing more leverage? 
John Call: So on that, we think we lever typically around a 3%, so we did get some leverage on the 4% in the quarter. I wouldn't say there's anything unusual in the quarter that would either promote that or bring that down, so we actually felt pretty good about the leverage we got. 
Jeffrey Stein: Okay, okay. Final question, and that is on the subject of outerwear. Now the industry has had 2 consecutive years of warmer-than-expected weather, and I'm just kind of wondering what the close-out environment is for outerwear this year? Are the vendors producing less, and therefore, you have less? Or do you have more in packaway from last year? How do you kind of see these seasonal apparel business shaping up for you this year? 
Michael Balmuth: We're a little better -- we're better positioned than a year ago in packaway based on last year's performance globally. And this year's situation flows out, it's premature. Nobody's closing out outerwear this early. So it's a wait-and-see. It -- actually, the seasonal businesses happens later and later in the year. It makes it more difficult to secure close out in season. More is done in packaway. So we'll just have to wait and see. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: Mike Baker, so 2 or 3 questions. One, you ticked up your store count a little bit. You're going to open to 88 from 80, I believe. Can you discuss that? And secondly, maybe more importantly, can you talk about how your stores performed in the Midwest? You can calculate new store productivity. But at some of these stores, I think, in Chicago, we're starting to enter the comp base. Are you seeing outsized comps, because it matured [ph] -- I think last quarter, you said that they were -- I think you said slightly above plan? Can you update us on how those Chicago Midwest stores are doing? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Mike, you're right, we took our new store count up to 88, that's just a few more than we had planned at the beginning of the year. That's really just driven by real estate opportunities. In terms of your broader question about the Midwest, as you know, we entered the Midwest in the fall of 2011, so a little over 1.5 years ago. So this really just a handful of stores that are now in the comp base. So rather than commenting on those, I think what I'd say is we've been very happy with the performance, in general, of the stores that we've opened in that region over the past 1.5 years, both in terms of how they've done against their sales and earnings plans but also in terms of the customer feedback we've had in those markets. So we're feeling pretty good about our ability to build a strong business in that region over time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Michael, I'm wondering if you can talk about the Juniors business. It seems like Ross and TJX are the only 2 businesses out there that have a really strong Juniors business. And I'm just wondering, is there some sort of a focus on the category in particular inside the organization? Or are you seeing just better product available for this customer that's allowing you to drive this business? And then just stepping back, I think you've been doing a great job at cutting in-store inventory. And I want to say that I think you've started it back in the second half of 2007, and you've just been managing sort of at ever more conservative levels on in-store inventory. Do you still see an opportunity to cut inventory levels further? Is that helping your -- is that helping you guys to reduce clearance markdowns? And will the distribution centers that you have coming online over the next 1 to 2 years, do they actually help you manage even more conservative inventory levels? 
Michael Balmuth: Okay. First, on the Junior question, I really can't speak for what other people are doing differently in juniors. The way we've approached it, we saw an opportunity a few years ago.  We felt the Junior business was an opportunity for at least us. We organized our staffing that way. We positioned ourselves so we could take advantage of market opportunities. And that's really how we've done it. And we funded it appropriately in addition. So we run much more of a pure classification Junior business than maybe other people do, who maybe run more of a collections Junior business, and that has served us well. 
Michael O'Sullivan: On your second question, Kimberly, about inventories, you're right, we've reduced inventories by about, actually, a little bit over 40% since the back half of 2007. And actually this year, we're planning to reduce inventories further, sort of in the low single-digit range. Longer term, we haven't put together our plans for next year. But I think we're absolutely going to look at whether there's additional opportunity there may be. And I think we feel good about our ability to sort of flow fresh merchandise to the stores, and that's really helped drive our sales over the last few years. Now in terms of what will be the driver of being able to reduce inventories further, the DCs may help, but I also think that just improved merchandising in terms of making sure we have the right product in the right store will also be a key enabler as well. 
Kimberly Greenberger: That's really helpful. And I'm wondering if I can just ask one follow-up on the general environment. I know that there's a lot of volatility in general out in the retail environment, and in particular, it seems like in the department store space. So I know there's always plenty of inventory for you guys to buy, and there's substantially more available out there in any given season than you could possibly buy for your own stores. But are you seeing any kind of incremental dislocation, just given the volatility we're seeing in the environment? Or does it feel very much the same as 1 or 2 years ago? 
Michael Balmuth: It's hard to answer. What I would say is that the dislocation that was really just reported in the time I've been in the off price for a while leads to a lot of opportunities. And since a lot of people were not forecasting this kind of performance, it invariably leads to a lot of products for the off price sector. We've been comfortable at the level of product we've seen so far this year. I only expect that it should be a little more advantageous than it's been even. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Ike Boruchow from Sterne Agee. 
Irwin Boruchow: I guess, question on your comp guidance. You're guiding a 2% to 3% comp for next year. The last 3 quarters, you guys have been guiding 1% to 2%. Just curious, are you feeling a little bit better right now about your end market demographic? Or has anything changed with how you view the world right now? 
John Call: So I don't think anything's changed with how we viewed the world. Actually, as we laid out the year, it was pretty consistent. I mean, we did a 3% in the first quarter, 4% in the second quarter, and we just think a 2% to 3% is probably more appropriate place busy [ph] in the company. 
Irwin Boruchow: Okay. And then, real quick follow-up. It looks like new store productivity was pretty strong in the quarter. Can you talk about the new store openings that you've seen in new markets and existing markets and how the stores are performing relative to plan? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So yes, I would say actually, over the last couple of years, we've been pretty happy with how new stores have performed, both in existing markets and in new markets. And part of it is the same trends that are driving our comp store performance have helped our new stores as well, the fact that we have great merchandising, great value. And I also think with new stores, I think, we've done a better job of the planning and, operationally, opening those stores. So I think those things have contributed to a pretty satisfactory new store performance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Brian Tunick from JPMorgan. 
Brian Tunick: Curious, it sounds like in the comments that you're saying the traffic, I think, has been moderating. I think this is a quarter or 2 now. So wondering why you think that traffic might be moderating? And any comments on your marketing spend plans for the second half, vis-à-vis trying to bring in a new customer, et cetera? I know you talked about the Junior side. And then on the second one is maybe just talk about on the 2,500 store target that you recently updated, what exactly is preventing you guys from accelerating even faster from a square footage growth perspective? Is it site availability, district managers, waiting for the distribution center, just maybe talk about what's prohibiting a faster rollout? 
Michael O'Sullivan: All right, Brian. I'll try and answer your questions on traffic and marketing, and then I'll hand it over to John on the store's potential. On traffic, we've had -- over the last few years, we've had pretty significant traffic growth. And if you look at our annual comp growth, just over the last 4 years, what you see is 6% to 5%, 5%, 6%. So pretty strong comp performance, and traffic has been the major driver of that comp growth. So clearly, that would never going to on forever. At some point, traffic was going to moderate, and that's kind of how we viewed the last couple of quarters. And, obviously, as a retailer, we'd like to drive traffic higher, so the best way we can do that is to make sure that we have great bargains in the stores. And that's what we're focused on doing. I should say on the flip side, we're pretty happy that we're seeing increases in the average basket, which suggests that when customers are coming to the store, they are finding opportunities to spend more. On your point about marketing, I think we've said in the past that we think paid marketing can be very helpful in a way of reminding customers to come to our store, remind them that we have great value, great merchandise. But, frankly, we've always thought the best marketing for us is sort of unpaid marketing, word of mouth. And that really comes from making sure we have great value in the stores, the customer buys the goods, they go and tell their friends, et cetera. But that really remains our focus from a marketing point of view. Our paid marketing really hasn't changed in the last few years, so nothing new or radical in terms of marketing campaign. 
Michael Balmuth: So as to the growth question, Brian, so we say we can basically double the size of the chain. That gives us, obviously, plenty of room to grow. The way we like to grow is not a tack 20 [ph] market at 1 specific time to not get too distracted by multiple fronts. And our growth pattern in the past has been growing to contiguous markets, and that's worked well for us. We have the ability and the systems and the people in place to sustain a 6% to 7% growth rate and do that well. And that's what we're going around. So we'll be steady and consistent with that growth pattern. So we're pretty comfortable with where we are today. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: I just wanted to follow up on your somewhat cautious back half outlook. Is that based on what you're seeing today in the macro environment? Or is that just anticipation of what could be a very heated promotional holiday season? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Lorraine, it's a combination of things. I think, Michael, in his remarks, mentioned there is sort of continuing economic uncertainty. We are going to be anniversary-ing some big comp numbers over the last 3 or 4 years. There is a more compressed holiday shopping calendar. And then we are anticipating that there's at least a risk that the retail and competitive environment could be more promotional. So we've taken all those factors and tried to wave them into our guidance. Now we -- we always hope to do better, and I think over the last few years, we've demonstrated that when we plan conservatively, we're still able to chase the business if the sales are there. That approach has certainly helped us drive margins when the sales trend is running ahead of our plan. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of John Kernan from Cowen. 
John Kernan: I just wanted to get your thoughts on what you thought the long-term potential for merch margin and continued advances in that rate? It's been on an -- obviously, been on a upward trajectory since 2006. And how much more room is there to take that merch margin higher over time? 
John Call: So John, we're happy with where it is. We believe it's sustainable. You're right, it has grown significantly over the past several years. It's really a function of what the top line can drive that. So if we can accelerate comps at a more meaningful level, then we'll get the fall through. But at the comps we have planned out today, we think that the margin is somewhat sustainable at those levels. 
John Kernan: And then, I guess, one follow-up would be any update on dd's and the sales trajectory within that chain and margin trajectory there as well? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. Well, John, as you know, we don't disclose dd's financials separately just because, at this point, it's not really material to the corporation. But, overall, I'd say, we continue to be happy with dd's performance. And this year, it's continued to exceed our sales and profit plans for the business. And, actually, one other notable point here is that like Ross, over the last 2 years, dd's has benefited from lower inventories and therefore, fresher merchandise, and that certainly helped it from a margin perspective. So I think, overall, we're very happy with dd's, as we have been in the last few years. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Jessica Schoen from Barclays. 
Jessica Schoen: I'd have a follow-up question on the inventory levels in the quarter. In store, I believe, you said they were down about 4%. I was wondering if you could tell us if that was in line with your expectations? And if there's any further reduction that you're expecting as you continue to control your inventory level? 
John Call: So the inventory levels were in line with our expectation for the quarter, and, I think, Michael O'Sullivan mentioned, we're anticipating inventory to be down in the low single digit in the back half. 
Jessica Schoen: And so as you continue to manage it, how much, going forward, in years to come, do you feel like there's a lot of incremental reduction that you could do? 
Michael O'Sullivan: I wouldn't use the word "a lot". I think -- we think that there might be some additional opportunity based upon doing a better job of buying great merchandise and trying to flow merchandise to the store more rapidly. And we may be able to squeeze out more inventory. We haven't put together plans for next year yet, but that's certainly something we're going to look at. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Canaccord. 
Laura Champine: John, could you give us an update on the CapEx budget for this year? And then where it should settle out in years beyond? 
John Call: Sure. The CapEx budget is around $670 million this year. As we're building on a couple of DCs, we actually bought out the lease of 1 DC. As Michael mentioned, we're putting plans together for next year. And we'll announce those towards the end of the year, we'll have more updates on our CapEx plans going forward. 
Laura Champine: If I can ask a second question then. The margin pressure, you mentioned about 40 basis points comes from a change in shortage [ph]. Is the balance of the margin pressure just a typical lack of sales leverage on that 2% to 3% comp? 
John Call: Yes, that's where it came from.  And that's EBIT margin leverage. And you actually get some deleverage on some of the expense lines, with the 2% to 3% comp. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Oliver Chen from Citigroup. 
Nancy Hilliker: This is Nancy Hilliker, filling in for Oliver Chen. We'd like to know is that a bit more about your view in expansion. Are you targeting any regions in particular that you're thinking about going into? And are you seeing real estate opportunities given any retailers in the macro environment right now? And then also, just if you could comment on -- you've done so well in your current categories.  Is there any room for expansion either in adjacent categories or bringing in a new brand? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Nancy, on the first part of your question about regions and real estate, historically, our strategy, when we've moved into new markets, has been to expand in a fairly targeted way, so we open up in a market and then we build up our presence and share in that market before we move onto a whole new region. So given that we only entered the Midwest market 1.5 years ago, that's probably going to be our focus, I would say, for the next several years. And then on real estate, we continue to be happy with the real estate opportunities we're seeing. We have a great and very experienced real estate team who've done a great job of finding good locations for us in the last few years. And what we see in the pipeline remains very strong. 
Michael Balmuth: And relative to new categories in the business, we're always testing and experimenting with new categories and looking for new brands. Unfortunately, we have a very large team of merchants scouring the market and building relationships. And we expect to have some new fresh and exciting things next year. But the forum would prevent me from going into it right now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Marni Shapiro from Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Two questions. Just one on the uptick in the store openings. Is that spread throughout, or is any of that higher proportion to the Midwest, given the performance to date? And then just in the second half, any particular categories where you see bigger opportunity, either because of the first half performance or because of changes in the market? 
John Call: So I'll take the question on the additional new stores. I mean, it isn't really concentrated in any one area.  It just represented an opportunity for us to move up stores into this year, and it was relatively minor. 
Michael Balmuth: On the categories, I believe that you asked about for the fourth quarter. Home would be one of them based on performance last year and the improvement schedule we're on and the improvement we've had in the previous quarter and Ladies Apparel & Accessories.  We feel good about them also. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from line of Neely Tamminga. 
Neely Tamminga: Great. I just had a few follow-up questions here to today's conversation. First, if you can give us a little on dd's. As I'm thinking about the chain hitting about 120 new stores and heading towards 200 or so, does that put that chain that chain in a competitive advantage take on more, better product as it can be a one-stop solution for vendors looking for opportunities to clear? And then if I may also follow-up here. Could you just comment on the digital side of your business of marketing? Any thoughts maybe this year or next year to shift a little bit more towards digital marketing, really to help expand your social media footprint. That would be really helpful. 
Michael Balmuth: On the first question relative to dd's. Was that relative to dd's carrying better product? 
Neely Tamminga: Yes. 
Michael Balmuth: Okay. The customers who dd's caters to is somewhat below the Ross customer. So we market very carefully through all these different urban areas have a very different balance of product in each of the stores. And so I would say, as we're expanding, we are getting better at micro-marketing in dd's as opposed to elevating the product line to a higher price line. And so our emphasis is really getting it right for the customer base we have, which is below the Ross customer. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then Neely, on your the question on your Digital Marketing, we have been investing in Digital Marketing over the last 2 years. It's become a bigger part of our marketing mix. And I think that we actually think there's some very interesting aspects, particularly with social marketing. And we're testing a number of things. And I would say that, yes, I think, it's quite likely that over the next few years, you'll see more growth in that area. 
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of the Patrick McKeever from MKM Partners. 
Patrick McKeever: You had commented on past calls that the performance of your stores near a J.C. Penney store and those that are not so near is fairly similar. Was that still the case? Did that continue to be the case in the second quarter? I'm just wondering if you had any views on some of the recent changes there, with the return to promotional pricing and whatnot. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Patrick, we haven't seen any major change in terms of our stores’ performance-based upon their proximity to J.C. Penney. And I think our only view on the changes that are going on there is that over the long term, we don't think our long-term trend will be affected. I mean, we -- it's true that we actually performed very well last year when J.C. Penney was pursuing its new strategy. So, frankly, we've been performing very well for multiple years before that. So even if they return to their old strategy, we don't expect it to impact our long-term performance. That said, we do think there's some risks in the back half, but the overall retail environment will get more promotional, not only driven by J. C. Penney but potentially with other retailers, too. And we try to factor that risk into our guidance. 
Patrick McKeever: Okay. And then just back to the Juniors area. Was that a good area for you in the second quarter? And are you doing anything different to target that customer? 
Michael Balmuth: It was a good business for us in the second quarter, as it's been for quite some time. And we're not doing anything materially different from market with that customer, okay? I think that customer were presenting a product that we believe is trend right at very strong values. And I think to the young consumer who is very pressed economically, and so value, coupled with trend right, is really our focus. 
Patrick McKeever: But you didn't see any change in trend like it appears -- as it appears to have been the case across the teen apparel space in the quarter? 
Michael Balmuth: No, not for us. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd turn the call back over to the presenters. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a wonderful remainder of the day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-22 23:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Ross Stores First Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of the aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2012 Form 10-K and fiscal 2013 Form 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 I would now like to turn the call over to Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us. I will be presenting the prepared remarks today, along with John Call, our Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Michael Balmuth, our Vice Chairman and CEO, is under the weather and could not be with us this afternoon.
 Also on the call are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; Michael Hartshorn, Senior Vice President and Deputy CFO; and Connie Wong, Director of Investor Relations.
 We will begin with a brief review of our first quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 As noted in today's press release, we are pleased with the slightly better than expected sales and earnings we delivered in the first quarter, especially considering this growth was achieved on top of strong prior year gains. These results continue to be driven by our ongoing ability to offer terrific bargains to today's value-oriented consumers.
 Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended May 4, 2013, were $1.07, a 15% increase on top of a 26% gain in the prior year. Net earnings for this 2013 first quarter grew 12% to $234.6 million. First quarter sales rose 8% to $2,540,000,000, up from $2,357,000,000 in the first quarter of 2012.
 Comparable store sales for the 13 weeks ended May 4, 2013, rose 3% over the 13 weeks ended May 5, 2012. This compared to a robust 9% same-store sales gain for the 13 weeks ended April 28, 2012. The strongest merchandise categories during the quarter were Juniors and Accessories, while the best-performing regions were the Pacific Northwest, the Southwest and California.
 Earnings before interest and taxes grew to a record 14.9% of sales, up from 14.4% in the first quarter of 2012. This increased level of profitability was mainly driven by higher merchandise gross margin and also benefited from favorable timing of expenses. John will provide some additional color on these operating margin trends in a few minutes.
 As we ended first quarter, total consolidated inventories increased about 8% compared to the prior year, with average in-store inventories down about 3%. Packaway as a percentage of total inventories was even with last year at 45%. Both Ross and dd's DISCOUNTS sales and profits continue to benefit from our ability to flow a larger percentage of fresh merchandise to our stores by operating our business with lower inventory levels. dd's sales and profitability improved in the first quarter as each merchandise offerings also continued to resonate well with their target customers. Our store expansion program remains on track with about 80 locations scheduled to open during 2013, comprised of approximately 60 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS. 
 Now John will provide further color on the first quarter results and details on our second quarter guidance. 
John Call: Thank you, Michael. Our 3% comparable store sales gain in the first quarter was primarily driven by an increase in the size of the average basket. Operating margin grew by about 50 basis points in the quarter to 14.9%.
 A 45-basis-point improvement in the cost of goods sold was mainly driven by higher merchandise margin, which grew by about 50 basis points over last year, including approximately 5 basis points from a lower shrink accrual. Freight and distribution costs declined by approximately 10 basis points each. The latter was mainly due to timing of packaway-related expenses. These favorable items were partially offset by approximately 15 basis points in higher buying costs and 10 basis points of deleveraging on occupancy.
 Selling, general and administrative expenses declined about 5 basis points, mainly due to lower store expenses as a percent of sales. 
 During the first quarter, we repurchased 2.3 million shares for a total purchase price of $138 million. We are on track in 2013 to buy back about half of our new 2-year $1.1 billion authorization or approximately $550 million in common stock.
 Let's turn now to our second quarter guidance. For the 13 weeks ending August 3, 2013, we are targeting same-store sales to increase 1% to 2% over the 13 weeks ended August 4, 2012. This compares to a strong 7% increase in last year's second quarter. Earnings per share for the second quarter of 2013 are projected to be in the range of $0.89 to $0.93, up from $0.81 last year. This represents forecasted EPS growth of 10% to 15% on top of a 27% increase in the second quarter of 2012.
 Our EPS targets for this year's second quarter are based on the following assumptions. Total sales are expected to grow about 6% to 7%, driven by a combination of new store growth, and as previously mentioned, same-store sales that are forecast to be up 1% to 2%. We plan to open about 26 net new stores during the period, including 19 Ross Dress for Less and 7 dd's DISCOUNTS. We are targeting operating margin to be flat to up 20 basis points on top of an exceptional 110-basis-point increase in the prior year for a projected range of 12.8% to 13%. We are planning net interest expense to be approximately $500,000, and our tax rate is expected to be about 38%. We also estimate weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about 217 million. 
 Moving to our outlook for the year. As noted in today's press release, we now project earnings per share for the 52 weeks ending February 1, 2014, to be in the range of $3.70 to $3.81. This compares to our initial forecast of $3.65 to $3.80 and earnings per share of $3.53 in fiscal 2012.
 As previously reported, the 53rd week last year added about $0.10 to earnings per share in fiscal 2012. This updated guidance range reflects that approximately $0.02 of the above planned earnings per share result in the first quarter is related to favorable timing of expenses that are expected to shift into subsequent quarters within the fiscal year.
 Finally, as a reminder, we will no longer be reporting sales or providing sales guidance on a monthly basis. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Michael for closing comments. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Thank you, John. Again, we are pleased with our solid first quarter performance, especially considering our strong prior year comparisons and the ongoing uncertain macroeconomic retail and political environment. We remain well positioned as an off-price retailer with an ongoing focus on offering compelling discounts on name brand fashions to today's value-focused customers. 
 Looking ahead, we will stay focused on the most critical drivers of our business. First, we will continue to make strategic investments in our merchandise organization. Prioritizing and expanding these resources remains the key to further increasing our very large vendor base and our access to the best name brand bargains in the marketplace.
 Secondly, as we have said before, we continue to fine-tune our systems and processes to plan and allocate at a much more detailed level, which strengthens our ability to deliver great bargains to the right store at the right time. This initiative is more important than ever, especially with the lower levels of inventory we now carry, plus our current expansion into new markets.
 Over the balance of 2013, we are planning selling store inventories to be down in the low single-digit range versus the prior year. As you know, operating on leaner inventories has improved sales, inventory turns and gross margin for many years now. 
 Finally, we continue to implement numerous productivity enhancements and efficiencies throughout the company. These programs have helped us to strictly manage expenses in our distribution centers, stores organization and back-office functions.
 The successful execution of these initiatives has dramatically improved our sales productivity and profitability over the past several years. We believe our ongoing focus on these priorities will maximize our opportunities for future growth in sales and profits over both the short and long term.
 At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: And just a couple of quick questions as it relates to the sales trend. Over the balance of the year, I know you're -- it sounds like you're keeping the 1% to 2% full year comp plan. How would you expect traffic versus ticket to contribute for the year as a whole? 
John Call: So Daniel, in the first quarter, traffic was fairly flat. The contribution came from the average basket, which was up slightly. That kind of stuff is tough to predict. We think we do a good job of putting attractive bargains in front of customers. That helps drive traffic. So we don't plan our business around necessarily what we think traffic or basket is going to do, but the customers tend to self-select. So I would expect more of the same, comps up 1% to 2%, traffic flat to up slightly. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And as it relates to margin expectations for the second quarter or for the full year, can you shed any more light in terms of between gross and SG&A, what your expectations are? 
John Call: Sure. Implicit in the guidance is inventory, as we said, would be down kind of low single digits. That implies faster turns on a 1% to 2% comp. So we would expect some incremental gross margin increase, partially offset by some deleverage in G&A. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: Great. So 2 questions. One, can you talk to us about what's going on with your Home-related business, which I think had been an area where you had as well [ph] but were making some changes there. Are we starting to see any benefit or traction from those changes? And then secondly, can you tell us how your new markets are performing, Chicago, particularly, been there now for at least a year, I think, as part of the comp base. So can you talk to us about how the stores are comping and how the initial productivity is, et cetera? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Mike, on your first question about Home, we actually feel good about the progress that we're making in Home. As we came into the year, we had a plan to strengthen assortments in the Home business, and that plan is on track. So we're feeling good about the progress we're making there. On your second question regarding new markets, as you referenced, we entered the Midwest region in October of 2011. So it's still relatively early, but everything we've seen so far in terms of sales, customer research, our on-the-ground customer feedback has been positive. So we're feeling good about how those markets are going. At this point, although you -- as you mentioned, there are a few stores that have turned comp, they haven't been comped for very long. So I wouldn't call out those or talk about those specifically. 
Michael Baker: Okay. But those new markets, in line with plan, above plan, below plan, as expected? 
Michael O'Sullivan: They're on plan to slightly better, yes. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Brian Tunick with JPMorgan. 
Brian Tunick: I guess, sorry to do it to you again, but regarding a lot of calls around J. C. Penney and perhaps they're going to be more promotional in driving traffic, so just hoping you could maybe talk about any data you have regarding maybe your perspective of where market share might have come from the last couple of years and maybe anything you can share about your core shopper. How many different retailers do you think they visit, so it's not just about J. C. Penney, I think, as we look at 2013? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. Brian, I think as we've spoken before, I think one of the most important characteristics about the apparel retailing market is just how fragmented it is. There are many, many competitors. And as a result of that, we never take our customers for granted. They have plenty of choice about where they shop. And the important thing for us is that we focus on delivering great bargains. And if we do that, then frankly, it doesn't really matter what any single competitor does. We know we'll do well. And one other point I would make specific to -- you referenced J. C. Penney -- specific to J. C. Penney, is that obviously, J. C. Penney had a promotional strategy, I think, until February of 2012. And if you look at the years leading up to that, we did very nicely. So if they go back to the future, I don't think it will cause us too much concern in terms of our long-term trend. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Laura Champine with Canaccord. 
Laura Champine: My question is about the sales guidance. It looks really conservative just given what we're hearing from other retailers, and I know you don't have exposure to the nasty weather in the Northeast. But your trend in the most recent month was really strong. The 1% to 2% comp guidance for this quarter, what's driving that? 
Michael O'Sullivan: When we came into the year, Laura, we cited a few sort of headwinds that were built into our guidance, the -- some economic issues, the higher payroll taxes, sequester cuts, and then frankly, the fact that we're up against very strong comps from the last few years. So frankly, none of those things have changed. We're happy with how we did in the first quarter, but those economic headwinds are still there. And frankly, if you look at it over a sort of 3-year stacked basis, our guidance actually seems pretty reasonable. So maybe the guidance is a little bit conservative, and we'd certainly hope to do better. But right now, we're comfortable with that sales guidance. 
Operator: And your next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen. 
John Kernan: So I guess, thematically, how much faster can you guys turn inventory? And how much more can you possibly benefit from lower in-store inventory levels from a merch margin perspective? And then I've got one follow-up. 
Michael O'Sullivan: At this point, John, we think maybe there's some additional incremental opportunity, which is why we're trimming inventories again this year. And certainly, our sales trend doesn't seem to have suffered from that. So I think the real answer is we don't know how much opportunity there is left. We think there's probably some, but at this point, it's probably incremental. 
John Kernan: And then can you talk about some of the buying opportunities you've had given some of the weather volatility that's affected full-price retail? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. It's actually -- it's hard for us to isolate the drivers of supply, whether it's weather or the economy or competitive issues, but talking with Michael Balmuth earlier and talking with the merchants, I know we're very happy about the supply that we're seeing. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. 
Mark Friedman: It's Mark Friedman pinch-hitting for Marni. Can you talk a little bit more detail about some of the strategic investments in the merchandise organization. Is there anything new that you've done in the last couple of months since you reported year end or the way you're thinking about it going for 2014? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Mark, I think people who have followed us for some years know that we've long regarded the merchant organization as critical. It's sort of the key strategic asset that you have in off-price. So we've invested a lot over the years in terms of developing one of the best merchant organizations that there is. So it's really been a very long-term program and long-term initiative for us. I wouldn't say there's anything new that we've done. It's just more of the same in terms of strengthening that merchant group. 
Operator: And your next question comes from David Mann with Johnson Rice. 
David Mann: In terms of the comment you made earlier about traffic, in past years, even in, I think, the fourth quarter, you saw nice traffic gain, so I'm just curious if you can put some context on to why you think traffic might be moderating now? And do you have any efforts to specifically to try and drive traffic or expand the customer reach? 
John Call: David, that traffic number, which was flattish, that doesn't concern us a whole lot. It ebbs and flows, a point here, a point there, so we don't think it's a -- necessarily a bad fact in terms of what we have going on. Our comps came through. Our sales came through. We're seeing good flow. So we're not overly concerned. 
David Mann: And then the ticket gain, is that coming more from units or price? 
John Call: Mainly coming from price, at least in the quarter it was. 
David Mann: Okay. And then in terms of SG&A, I think on the last call and previous calls, you've talked about being able to leverage your leverage point for expenses at about 1% to 2%. I guess in the first quarter, you didn't necessarily leverage -- or hardly levered with a higher comp, and then for the year, you're not talking about it too much. So are you seeing a higher level of expense? Or is that leverage point changing at all? 
John Call: No, we think -- so we may have said 1% to 2%. Really, when we look at it, it's probably 2% to 3%. There's timing issues between quarters, all that sort of thing. But on the year, we think 3% will -- should deliver some leverage, flat to some, and that's kind of where we are. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Oliver Chen with Citigroup. 
Oliver Chen: Regarding a longer-term question, where do you think your operating margin can go? And will that be more gross margin or SG&A leverage driven? And as a follow-up, if you could -- it sounds like there's a lot of opportunity domestic bricks and mortar, but could you update us on your thoughts on global and e-comm? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. Oliver, on your first question about margins, if you look at what's happened to our margin over the past several years, there's really been 3 drivers of our improved margin. One is lower markdowns, which has been driven by tighter inventory controls. The second is lower shrink, which has been driven by specific initiatives we've made around shortage control. And then the third has been expense leverage on ahead-of-plan sales. So when you think about those 3 drivers, we think that there's no reason why we should give up on any of them. We don't see margins declining because we're not going to walk away from any of those 3. But if you look at where the opportunities are going forward, for incremental margin, it's really in that third one, further expense leverage from ahead-of-plan sales, which is the hardest thing to predict. So to answer your question, we think there might be some additional opportunity in margin, but it's really around sales. And if we can -- if the sales are there, we'll be able to drive margin further. On your second question about e-commerce, as we've commented in the past, our assessment is that in e-commerce, it's very hard for an off-price business to make money, particularly at lower price points and at the price points that we operate at, with the cost of shipping, the cost of marketing, taking returns, et cetera. The economics just don't add up. Now most of the activity in the last few years externally has been with companies that operate at much higher price points, price points that we don't really compete at. And even those companies appear to be struggling to make money. So we don't regard e-commerce as a high priority, at least not right now. For us, the priority is really our bricks and mortar business, our off-line business where we know we can be successful, we know we have strong returns, and we have plenty of growth opportunity. So that's really where our focus is. 
Oliver Chen: And as a quick follow-up, could you just tell us how you feel about the health of the consumer? Do you feel like you continue to see volatile trends in relation to how macroeconomically that customer -- what kind of challenges they might be facing? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. I mean, our observation is that the overriding characteristic about this economy is it's very unpredictable and that the consumer remains pretty stretched and that they're looking for value. And in that kind of environment, we would expect, I think you would expect that the off-price model, when it's well executed, should do pretty well. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Roxanne Meyer with UBS. 
Roxanne Meyer: I'm just wondering, first, if you could share any benefit from the calendar shift both in 1Q and looking ahead to the remaining quarters of the year, just how timing may have an impact on the cadence of your earnings? And then second, Juniors has been a source of strength for you guys for a while now. Just wondering if you've noticed any difference in trends between the consumer who is purchasing that category, whether disproportionately driving traffic or price or units versus some of your other demographics? 
John Call: On the first question about the calendar, Roxanne, there is a shift that favors the first part of the year. We have a week kind of dislocation. It doesn't match up from a sales reporting standpoint versus a fiscal or earnings reporting standpoint. It's probably worth about 1 point comp. That comes back in the back half. So the back half is actually hurt by about 1 point comp, so there's a 2-point swing between first half and back half in terms of our business and what that extra week meant. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then, Roxanne, on your second question about the Juniors business, as we mentioned in the remarks, the Juniors business was one of our top performing categories in Q1. And I would go on to say I think the Juniors business has long been an important business for us. It's a pretty well developed business for us. And we feel good about that business. I think we feel good about that customer segment. We've always done well with the younger customer. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Mark Montagna with Avondale Partners. 
Mark Montagna: Just a follow-up on that calendar shift question. Is there -- beyond just the comps, is there a margin shift beyond, say, leverage such as merchandise margin that might get shifted around because of the calendar change? 
John Call: There's a couple of other things implicit to our calendar. So recall that in the third quarter last year, we picked up a couple of cents based on a shortage true-up. That isn't in the plan or the guidance so far. And remember, the 53rd week, as we mentioned in the recorded comments, we picked up an extra $0.10. If you put that all together and normalize for everything, on the 1% to 2% comp, our guidance is that we'll grow earnings 8% to 11% for the year. 
Mark Montagna: Right. But I'm thinking in terms of if you shift a week out of the third quarter into the second quarter, is that week that's being shifted a high-margin week or a low-margin week? Because I'm running across other retailers where there's an interesting dynamic that is actually kind of meaningful that way? 
John Call: Yes, it may see more sales. I don't think it has to do with the kind of margin percent between the quarters, it's mainly a substitute. 
Mark Montagna: Okay. And then the distribution expenses that are going to rise in the future with packaway, is that -- should we just view that as evenly distributed between first -- second through fourth quarters? 
John Call: Yes, I'd say it's probably -- at least -- that one's a little hard to predict. Packaway is, based on where the market conditions were, came in a little bit higher than we had anticipated coming in. And right now, we'd assume that, that would flip in the second to third quarters, but we'll have to see what opportunities look like. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Dutch Fox with FBR Capital Markets. 
Dutch Fox: I wanted to ask you a couple of quick questions about dd's. Just being in the stores and looking at them, they appear to be improving. Actually, they look very good year-over-year. I know you only talk about that concept directionally, but could you give us or help us a little bit with understanding how the dd's fleet is performing compared to the Ross Dress for Less stores? And also, how you expect that to evolve over the course of the year? And I don't have it in front of me, but have you talked about whether or not the concept is going to be accretive this year, and if so, how much? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Dutch, on the first part of that question regarding dd's, we don't disclose dd's financials separately mainly because the business just isn't material to the overall size of the corporation. But I would make some comments. We're very happy with dd's performance. And one thing I'd call out is, like Ross, dd's has benefited over the last few years from lower inventory levels. By controlling inventories, we've been able to drive the proportion of fresh merchandise that the shopper sees at dd's, and that's also helped with margin. So overall, we're pretty happy with the trajectory of that business. 
John Call: And relative to its profitability, we're happy, like Michael said, with the four-wall contribution, and it does tend to be slightly accretive, as it was last year. 
Dutch Fox: And that's included in your existing guidance? 
John Call: That's correct. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Sterne Agee. 
Irwin Boruchow: I just wanted to touch on some of the investments that you'll be making, I guess, towards the end of this year in terms of the 2 new distribution centers that will be going up. Can you remind us the timing of when those will start to come into play and if there will be any impact on the P&L in terms of any incremental expenses? And if there are, would that be towards the end of this year or the beginning of next year? And just kind of how to think that through. 
John Call: Sure. So CapEx this year is planned at about $670 million. If you remember, that is up pretty significantly from the $424 million we spent last year. The biggest driver of that is around the 2 new distribution centers that we're building. They're sketched to open, one in 2014, the first part of 2014, and then the other in 2015. So as it relates to the 2013 P&L, there's no impact. 
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back to our presenters. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Thank you, and thank you for joining us today and your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-03-20 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Ross Stores Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management, followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2011 Form 10-K, the fiscal 2012 Form 10-Qs and fiscal 2012 and 2013 Form 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Michael Hartshorn, Senior Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Wong, Director, Investor Relations.
 We will begin with a review of our fourth quarter and 2012 performance followed by our outlook for 2013. Afterward, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 We are pleased with the record sales and earnings we delivered in the fourth quarter and 2012 fiscal year, especially considering they were achieved on top of strong multiyear gains. Results for both periods benefited from our ongoing ability to deliver compelling bargains on a wide assortment of exciting name-brand fashions for the family and the home to today's value-focused consumers. 
 Earnings per share for the 14 weeks ended February 2, 2013, grew to $1.07, up from $0.85 for the 13 weeks ended January 28, 2012. For the 53 weeks ended February 2, 2013, earnings per share were $3.53, compared to $2.86 for the 52 weeks ended January 28, 2012. Both the quarter and the fiscal year include a per share benefit of approximately $0.10 from the 53rd week.
 Net earnings for the 2012 fourth quarter were $236.6 million, up from $192 million in the prior year, while fiscal 2012 net earnings grew to $786.8 million, compared to $657.2 million in fiscal 2011. 
 Sales for the 14 weeks ended February 2, 2013, grew 15% to $2,761,000,000, with comparable store sales up 5% on top of a 7% increase in the fourth quarter of 2011. For the 53-week fiscal year ended February 2, 2013, sales increased 13% to $9,721,000,000, with a same-store sales gain of 6%, compared to a 5% rise in 2011.
 For the quarter and the full year, Juniors was the best-performing merchandise category, while geographically, the strength was broad-based. Earnings before interest and taxes for the 2012 fourth quarter grew to 13.7% of sales, up from 13.0% in the fourth quarter of 2011. 
 For fiscal 2012, operating margin rose to a record 13.1%, a gain of 75 basis points on top of an 85-basis-point increase in fiscal 2011. Profit margins for both the quarter and the full year mainly benefited from higher merchandise gross margin, leverage on operating expenses from the strong gains in same-store sales and the impact of the 53rd week. John will provide some additional color on these operating margin trends in a few minutes.
 As we ended 2012, total consolidated inventories were up 7% compared to the prior year, while packaway levels were about 47% of total inventories, down from 49% at the end of 2011. On average, in-store inventories were down approximately 5% during 2012.
 Our expansion program remained on track during the year, with the net addition of 54 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS. We continued our growth in new markets, which accounted for about 1/3 of these new store openings. We are pleased to report that dd's DISCOUNTS also delivered another year of solid gains in sales and operating profitability in 2012. Like Ross, dd's continues to benefit from our ability to offer a wide assortment of terrific bargains while also operating the business on reduced inventory levels.
 Now let's turn to our financial condition. Operating cash flows provided the resources to make capital investments in new store growth and infrastructure, as well as fund our ongoing stock repurchase and dividend programs. In January 2013, our Board of Directors approved a new program authorizing up to $1.1 billion to be used to repurchase shares of our common stock over the next 2 years through fiscal 2014. This represents a 22% increase over the prior 2-year $900 million program that was completed in January of 2013. The board also raised our quarterly cash dividend to $0.17 per share, up 21% on top of a 27% increase in the prior year. 
 The growth of our stock repurchase and dividend programs has been driven by the significant amounts of cash our business generates after self-funding store growth and other capital needs. We have repurchased stock as planned every year since 1993, and this is the 19th consecutive increase in our quarterly cash dividend. This consistent record reflects our unwavering commitment to enhancing stockholder value and returns. 
 Now John will provide further color on our fourth quarter and fiscal 2012 results and details on our first quarter and fiscal year 2013 guidance. 
John Call: Thank you, Michael. Our 5% comparable store sales gain in the fourth quarter was driven by low single-digit growth in the number of transactions, combined with a mid-single-digit increase in the size of the average basket. 
 Operating margin grew by about 70 basis points in the quarter to 13.7%. Cost of goods sold improved by about 55 basis points, benefiting from a 40-basis-point increase in merchandise margin, 35 basis points from leverage of occupancy and 10 and 5 basis points, respectively, from lower freight and shortage accrual. These improvements were partially offset by 25 basis points mainly from the timing of incentive costs and 10 basis points from increased distribution expenses due to timing of packaway-related costs.
 Selling, general and administrative costs for the quarter declined about 15 basis points, driven by 25 basis points of leverage on store operating expenses, partially offset by 10 basis points due to the timing of incentive accruals and higher legal costs. 
 As Michael mentioned, for fiscal 2012, operating margin rose to a record 13.1%, up 75 basis points over the prior year. Total cost of goods sold improved by about 40 basis points, driven by a 40-basis-point gain in merchandise gross margin, 25 basis points of leverage on occupancy and 15 basis points in lower distribution costs. These favorable items were partially offset by 25 basis points in higher buying costs, 10 basis points in increased freight expense and 5 basis points in higher shortage accrual related to the year-over-year third quarter true-up in our shrink reserve.
 Selling, general and administrative costs for the full year improved by 35 basis points, primarily due to leverage on store operating expenses from the 6% increase in comparable sales.
 Turning to our stock buyback program. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 2.1 million shares for a total purchase price of $116 million. For the 2012 fiscal year, we repurchased 7.5 million shares for a total price of $450 million, which, as Michael mentioned, completed the $900 million program authorized in early 2011. 
 We added 74 net new stores in fiscal 2012, ending the year with 1,091 Ross Dress for Less locations in 33 states and 108 dd's DISCOUNTS in 8 states.
 Now I'll spend a few moments summarizing the underlying assumptions that support the 2013 EPS targets we communicated in early February. A more detailed version is available in the written transcript of our January sales release recorded comments on our website. 
 Our fiscal year 2013 earnings per share forecast of $3.65 to $3.80 was based on comparable store sales that are forecast to increase 1% to 2% on top of a strong 6% gain in 2012; total sales that are projected to grow 4% to 5% for the 52 weeks ending February 1, 2014, compared to the 53 weeks ended January 2, 2013. The year-over-year increase in total revenues is being affected by the 53rd week, which added approximately $149 million in sales in the 2012 fourth quarter and fiscal year. 
 We are planning to add approximately 60 new Ross and 20 new dd's DISCOUNTS locations, with about 1/3 of these stores projected to open in the same new markets we entered in 2011 and 2012. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores.
 Our fiscal 2013  EBIT target is 12.7% to 12.9%, compared to 13.1% in 2012, which benefited by about 20 basis points from the 53rd week. If same-store sales perform in line with our forecast for a 1% to 2% increase, we would expect some slight deleveraging of expenses while merchandise gross margin is targeted to be relatively flat versus 2012. 
 Net interest expense is expected to be about $1 million. Our tax rate is planned to be approximately 38%, and we expect average diluted shares outstanding of about 217 million. Capital expenditures in 2013 are forecast to increase to approximately $670 million, up from $424 million in 2012. 
 In addition to supporting our ongoing investments in new and existing stores, we will be building 2 new distribution centers over the next 2 years. During 2013, we also expect to buy out the lease for 1 of our existing distribution facilities, relocate our corporate headquarters and complete construction of a new data center.
 Our first quarter guidance that we issued at the beginning of February was for same-store sales to be up 1% to 2%. We also projected earnings per share to be in the range of $1 to $1.04, compared to $0.93 in the first quarter of 2012. 
 Earlier this month, we reported a slight decline of 1% in February same-store sales, which we believe was mainly due to the delay in income tax refunds. With sales improving as the month progressed, we reiterated our guidance for first quarter EPS of $1 to $1.04 and same-store sales that were projected to be down 1% to 2% in March and up 5% to 6% in April. This monthly forecast reflects a shift in Easter holiday, is on top of last year's strong same-store sales gains of 10% in March and 7% in April.
 Finally, as noted in today's press release, beginning with the second quarter of fiscal 2013, we will no longer report monthly sales. Quarterly comparable store sales will be provided with regularly scheduled earnings releases and conference calls. Reporting sales quarterly aligns us with the majority of other retailers who have already adopted this practice, while also increasing the focus on longer-term performance. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Michael for some closing comments. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. Again, we are pleased with our strong 2012 performance. Looking ahead, in order to operate successfully in today's very uncertain macroeconomic and political environment, we will focus on the execution of our proven off-price model that has enabled us to perform well in a variety of business climates. Investing in our merchandise organization is still our #1 priority. Experience showed that this is the key to increasing our access to the best name-brand bargains in the marketplace, while further expanding our very large vendor base.
 To enhance sales and maximize gross margin, we will also continue to operate our stores with lower inventories, with selling store levels planned down in the low single-digit range for 2013. 
 In addition, our ongoing focus on fine-tuning our systems and processes to plan and allocate at a much more detailed level remains more important than ever today. This is especially true as we continue to grow in new markets and operate our stores with less inventory. 
 We also continue to implement numerous productivity enhancements and efficiencies throughout the business. These initiatives are driving down costs in our distribution centers, stores organization and back-office functions.
 To sum up, we will stay intently focused on our core off-price mission of offering compelling discounts on wide assortments of name-brand fashions to today's increasingly value-focused shoppers. We know that delivering great bargains will always be the key to maximizing our opportunities for growth in sales and profits over both the short and the long term. 
 At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Maikis: Just wanted an update on the new store performance that you're seeing in some of these new markets. How are those sales trending? And also, can you just comment on the number of new markets that you'll enter in 2013? 
Michael O'Sullivan: It's Michael O'Sullivan. I'll take that. Overall, we're very happy with what we've seen in new markets. As a reminder, we first opened stores in new markets in the end of 2011. So it's still relatively recent, but the performance since then, we've been very happy with. In terms of additional new markets, we're actually not planning any additional new markets in 2013. We are going to be opening additional stores in the new markets that we've entered over the past couple of years, but no additional markets. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Co. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just I guess a couple of questions in terms of merchandise categories, departments. Can you talk about where you see opportunities potentially for improved performance relative to what you're already doing and how you're kind of progressing against those improvement targets so far? And then my second question relates to store growth. Would you expect this number of stores to kind of be similar in an absolute sense such that the growth rate might trickle down a little bit? 
Michael Balmuth: The biggest opportunity for improvement within our merchandise departments is really where we struggled in the back half of last year, which was on -- in our home business. And I would say what we're seeing so far and the changes we've put in place, we're on track to see our improvement as we move through the year. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then Daniel, on your second question about the number of new stores, I think at least for the next few years, you should assume that the number of new stores will be approximately at the same level as we have -- that we're planning to open this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow from Sterne Agee. 
Irwin Boruchow: Can you guys help us think about your inventory levels right now? Do you feel comfortable with your apparel merchandise assortment today, given the unseasonable weather outside? Do you see much risk if the weather continues at this pace and doesn't turn for another several weeks or so? And then also, what is your expectation for packaway as a percent of total inventory as the year progresses? Just curious. 
Michael Balmuth: We're pretty comfortable with our inventory levels as it relates to seasonal merchandise. For years, we've been pushing it back based on how the seasonality seems to be moving back. And so, we find ourselves in a relatively comfortable spot, a couple of markets maybe, a small level of concern, but nothing material. 
John Call: And Ike, as far as packaway levels are concerned, obviously, they're opportunistic in terms of what bargains we see out there. But from a planning perspective, we'll assume similar levels to what we had last year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Heather Balsky: This is actually Heather Balsky calling for Kimberly. We were just wondering how did home perform in the fourth quarter and how do you think that compares versus last year? And what are any strategies you have in place for home in 2013? 
Michael Balmuth: Home trailed the company in the fourth quarter, and our strategies going forward are really to improve the executional mistakes we made. We've made some organizational adjustments, but we've made some executional mistakes within our assortments. So this is a year of getting back to basics in that business. 
Heather Balsky: Do you have any examples of execution issues that you kind of are looking to improve? 
Michael Balmuth: Just the assortments were substandard, and so we've adjusted those. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tunick with JPMorgan. 
Brian Tunick: Just 3 quick questions. I guess first on dd's, maybe you could just help us understand the earnings contribution you saw this year and maybe what you're seeing from the maturity curve of how your older dd's have been ramping. Second question is sort of as you look at the mid-tier department stores or the discounters, where you think you've taken market share, what are you seeing in terms of pricing? I know you like to maintain that delta, so just wondering what you're seeing from a market share perspective. And the third thing, if John could just give us maybe what he thinks a normal CapEx number could look like in 2014? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Brian, on the first question you asked regarding dd's, so dd's has been profitable for the last couple of years and has been making a contribution to our overall earnings during that period. We expect the same in 2013, in fact, a little more -- a little growth in that earnings contribution. But with all that said, dd's is still a relatively small part of the business and therefore, really isn't material. So it's making contribution, but it's very small. 
Michael Balmuth: Relative to where we're taking share from, I think we're taking it -- grabbing it from a bunch of people. But clearly based on the more recent mid-tier results, it is more mid-tier. And it looks like within the mid-tier, it's hard -- it's fully hard to isolate, but clearly one retailer has had a bigger drop. So we're probably getting a little more share from there, but not sure. And what we're seeing about pricing around the horn is nothing wildly aggressive overall versus what we would expect at this time of the year. Things really normally heat up as you get closer to Easter, so probably I could better answer that on the next call. 
John Call: Brian, as it relates to CapEx, as we mentioned in the comments, we're planning $670 million in CapEx this year, which is a peak level for us. 2014, we expect that level to come back down to more -- slightly more normalized levels around to what we spent in 2012 and then descend from there going forward as we complete the build-out of the distribution center. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker: So I wanted to ask about February, the miss there and how you have confidence that it was related to the income tax issue. And I guess, what gives you confidence that you'll still make your quarterly estimates with February being a little bit weaker and the weather in March presumably colder in most of your markets? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Mike, in terms of February, I think as we announced a couple of weeks ago, February's comp was minus 1, which is really just at the low end of our guidance. And again, as we -- the color we provided in that release was that we saw some slowness in the business, really at the beginning of the month and then things picked up as the month progressed. And we believe that, that slowness was driven by the delay in tax refunds, and that's why things started to pick up as the month progressed. 
Michael Baker: And as it relates to March, I know you don't comment into a quarter typically. But with a lot of noise around the income tax and payroll taxes and weather and all that, I guess the question is what gives you the confidence that you'll still hit the quarterly numbers with February at the low end? 
Michael Balmuth: I think really it will just come from how our business accelerated as we moved through the month of February, and we wouldn't be able to comment on anything further beyond the end of February. 
Michael Baker: If I can ask one more while I'm still on the line,  just can you flesh out that, that comment on maybe some pockets of inventory where there was a concern. I presume that means you have a lot spring product that isn't selling because the weather is cooler in some markets. Is that what that was related to...? 
Michael Balmuth: No, actually, I said the opposite. Actually, I believe I said the opposite. My belief is -- our belief is that we are well positioned with our spring inventory. Okay? There's only a couple places where I have even a slight, very slight concern, but really, as a whole, not at all. And those, what I said, it was really immaterial to... 
Michael Baker: Okay. Yes, I just wanted to clarify. I understand it's immaterial. But just for my own knowledge,  when you say a slight concern, is that too much inventory or too little inventory, I guess, is the question. 
Michael Balmuth: You know something, I probably have situations of both, okay, and we always do. Okay? So it's not any real difference from our normal position entering a spring season where there are weather issues every year in both directions in the first few months of spring. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with The Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: I have a really quick store question. Have you guys -- in the course of leases coming up and looking across your fleet, can you talk about on average how many stores you've been closing every year, renovating every year and what the plan is for this year and the next couple of years? 
Unknown Executive: Sure. I'll take that. So this past year, we said in the comments, we look to close about 10 stores that are older, aged buildings, and that number moves around based on opportunities. As far as refurbs go -- on average, we look to about that same number as we move forward with closures. As far as remodels are concerned, we last year did, finished in the first quarter, the chain relative to the sign program that we implemented [indiscernible]. And then we're always looking at our buildings to ensure that we have the right experience for our customer, and we'll continue see iterations as we move forward. 
Marni Shapiro: So as I think about -- so the 10 stores is about average go forward. And at this point, you feel the chain's pretty -- very healthy. The sign program is completed. There's no big expense or a push going forward over the next year or so? 
Unknown Executive: That's a pretty average number. As leases age and as demographics shift, we are constantly looking at those. But we don't have any -- we don't feel we have any large exposure and feel the chain is positioned well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Mann with Johnson Rice. 
David Mann: A couple of questions. In terms of micro-merchandising, can you give us your view on where we are in terms of -- or where you are in terms of driving benefits to margin from that initiative, perhaps what inning we're in? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So, David, as you know, we've had our micro-merchandising systems and processes in place for 2 or 3 years now. And I think we said early on that as we gather more history, gather more data, those systems and processes become more effective. And that's kind of what we experienced over the past few years. We think there's still some opportunity with our micro-merchandising tools. I think Michael had mentioned in his remarks that we're trimming inventories again this year, and that's at least partially enabled by the micro-merchandising tools that we have. Now in terms of sort of next generation, what more can we do, we're also looking at opportunities there in terms of making further improvements and enhancements to our micro-merchandising and more broadly, to our planning systems. 
David Mann: Great. In terms of SG&A, I think in the past, you've talked about the ability to lever at a 1 to 2 comp. It sounds like this year, there'll be slight deleveraging. Can you just talk a little bit about the changes there and are there any cost-saving opportunities that you could put in place to maintain that historical leverage point? 
John Call: Sure, David. As we look to 2013 on a 1 to 2 comp, we do delever occupancy a bit, so it's not necessarily G&A. G&A tends to be -- could come pretty close to leveraging G&A, but occupancy was a bigger drag from an expense standpoint. 
David Mann: Okay. Great. And then one last question. On your businesses in January and February, especially dd's with the lower income customer, was that more adversely affected or did you see a more adverse effect from the tax issues that you called out? And did dd's pretty much recover by the end of February as you would have expected? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Dd's experienced a similar pattern to the pattern we described for Ross. But slowness was -- the slowness happened earlier in the month and then started to pick up as the month progressed. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen with Citigroup. 
Oliver Chen: Regarding the comp forecast and the plus 1 to 2, it sounds like you've been having a great run rate with the average dollar sale trending up. So what's happening in terms of that forecast? Are your expectations that, that traffic is the offset to basket? And if you could just give us some more color around that, we'd appreciate it. 
John Call: So in terms of, kind of dollar basket versus traffic, the dollar basket has grown a bit. We see that traffic was a real main driver for comps through fiscal 2012. As we started February, traffic was down but picked up as we went through the month. 
Oliver Chen: So throughout the year, is your expectation that the traffic could weigh on the comp to offset benefits from the mix? 
John Call: We think that traffic should drive the comp. I mean, we're not -- from a pricing standpoint, I think we're relatively flat to slightly up, but traffic should drive the comp. 
Oliver Chen: And then you've also talked about fortifying the merchandise organization. Is that coming in the form of incremental hiring or what's the strategy for that to happen? 
Michael Balmuth: It's coming -- some incremental hiring, some splitting of businesses that we have, and we have people internally that we move up. And this is something that we've got built into our forecast and we've been doing for multiple years, but it's built into our forecast for this year. 
Oliver Chen: Final question, trade-down. Have you guys been -- how would you speak to us strategically with respect to the customer environment? Do you feel like your concept is benefiting from customers trading down into your concepts? On the flip side, are there lots trading out given all the consumer pressure? 
Michael Balmuth: I think over the last several years, the customer has been a trade-down customer that has come to our doors, and we've satisfied them. And so I think actually for our business, that's been a good thing. The second part of your question was...? I'm sorry. 
Oliver Chen: Regarding your average unit retail being more modest, do you feel like there's also been customers that have been trading kind of out of being able to even afford your products as well? 
John Call: I would say that's hard to measure, Oliver. Clearly, the results have been good, but difficult to measure trade-down versus fallout. Clearly, we have more traffic in the stores that increase the comp. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Stein with Northcoast Research. 
Jeffrey Stein: Just a few questions. First of all, wondering if you could help us understand roughly what percent of your apparel mix was targeted at the Junior customer or what percent you generated with the Junior customer in 2012 versus '11? 
Michael Balmuth: That's not something we would feel comfortable disclosing in this forum. 
Jeffrey Stein: Okay. Can you give us, just roughly, what kind of growth rate in comp you saw from the Junior category last year? 
Michael Balmuth: It's considerably higher than the rest of apparel. 
Jeffrey Stein: Okay, fair enough. And just kind of wondering, with the weather having been the way it is, it sounds like your inventories are in pretty good shape, but we're also hearing a lot of bigger box retailers have been canceling orders. And I'm wondering if you are seeing perhaps greater-than-normal opportunities within the categories you play in at this point in spring as a result of those cancellations? 
Michael Balmuth: I think I'd answer it as it's a very good buying time. 
Jeffrey Stein: I'm sorry, I didn't catch that. 
Michael Balmuth: It's a very good time to be a buyer in off-price right now. 
Jeffrey Stein: Okay. And one quick question for John, wondering how much the extra week added to your SG&A and how it affected gross margin in the fourth quarter? 
John Call: In the fourth quarter, the benefit was probably about 65 basis points to the total EBIT line, and we haven't broken that out between G&A and margin. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Canaccord. 
Laura Champine: Could you give us, of the 80 stores that you plan on launching this year, what percentage go to West Coast, Midwest and the Southeast, respectively? 
Michael Balmuth: Sorry, Laura, could you repeat that question? You broke up at the beginning. 
Laura Champine: Sure. I'm just looking at the regional split of the 80 new stores that you're launching this year, West Coast versus Midwest versus Southeast? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So of those 80 stores, about 1/3 will be in what we call the new markets, which is essentially the Midwest markets. There'll be a handful in the Southeast, not very many, and then the balance will be our existing markets. 
Laura Champine: Any sign at all yet of cannibalization when you put a store in California? 
Michael O'Sullivan: No, not really. Obviously, if we put a store very close to an existing store, then we might see a little bit of cannibalization, but it typically lasts for a few months. And then within a year, that original store is back to where it was. But overall, I think what your question is really getting at is are we saturated in any markets? And the answer is no, we're not. We still have plenty of opportunity in our existing markets. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roxanne Meyer with UBS. 
Roxanne Meyer: My question is on your strategy to open 2 new DCs. I'm just wondering if you can elaborate on that strategy, where those DCs are going to be located, any benefits that you think you're going to gain from those DCs and just how we should think about the return on this investment? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Roxanne, the last time we opened a DC was about 5 years ago in Southern California, and we're just getting to a point in our growth where we need to add capacity. And we need to add capacity on the West Coast and on the East Coast, which is why we're opening 2 DCs. We are staggering them. So rather than trying to open them both at the same time, one will happen next year and the other a year after. In terms of benefits, obviously, there's a capacity benefit. It enables us to continue to support our growth. And we -- obviously, we expect the new DCs to be very productive once we scale them up. So yes, we should see some benefit from those long term. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wilson with Tiburon Research. 
Rob Wilson: John, in your SEC filings, you have a disclosure for merchandise purchase obligations, and that number has been increasing year-over-year the last 3 quarters. And I'm just curious as to why that number would be materially increasing versus the prior year. 
John Call: That does reflect increased purchases. It could reflect packaway buys. It could reflect increased store size, for all those reasons. 
Rob Wilson: Does it reflect maybe more made-for merchandise in your stores today than maybe the prior years? 
John Call: No, not necessarily, not necessarily. It might have to do with timing. But clearly, as the need increases, we increase those obligations. 
Rob Wilson: Have you ever disclosed or do you disclose your made-for merchandise mix? 
John Call: No, we don't. 
Rob Wilson: Okay. One final question. Why would interest expense only be $1 million this year versus a much higher number last year? 
John Call: Sure. With the building of our distribution centers, a lot of interest is capitalized into building those DCs. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Fuhrman with Piper Jaffray. 
Alex Fuhrman: Wanted to talk a little bit about just some of the competitive forces you're seeing out there, especially with one of the other big off-price competitors making a move into e-commerce recently, curious to how that changes your conversations with the brands that you both sell and also, how that affects, really, how you're going after your customers from a marketing standpoint, given this introduction to e-commerce coming from your competitor? 
Michael Balmuth: Our conversations with our vendors are really between us and our vendors, okay, so it really doesn't -- I wouldn't elaborate, but I would not expect that it's changing much of our conversation anyway. But I wouldn't get too much detail on that. What was... 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then on the other part of your question, Alex, marketing. So most of the online activity that we see that we categorize as off-price is actually at very high price points, higher price points than we compete in. So in terms of our marketing to our customer, it really isn't affected. Our customer is looking for a bargain, and our marketing focuses on reminding them that if they come to Ross, they'll find a bargain. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Jaffe with Stifel. 
Richard Jaffe: Just a question on dd and Ross. As dd becomes much more of its own business, is there an opportunity to share resources, whether it's vendors or packaway or buying power with Ross stores? Is there any kind of crossover or are they really very independent silos? 
Michael Balmuth: Very independent silos, occasionally some crossover, but separate buying organizations. 
Richard Jaffe: And then separate packaway as well, they both have their own...? 
Michael Balmuth: Separate. Totally separate. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick McKeever with MKM Partners. 
Patrick McKeever: On the -- just I guess a couple of quick follow-ups to questions that have already been asked in a broad way. But on the new distribution centers, will that involve any change in your distribution approach? I think you currently distribute -- all distribution centers distribute to all stores. Will that change with the DCs in different parts of the country and the growth that you've seen in your store base into new markets, that sort of thing? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Nothing dramatic, Patrick. Now obviously, we tweak things here and there. So even with our 15 DCs, there are some product areas that we only process in 1 or 2 DCs. And so, that kind of thing, where it makes sense to sort of tweak the model, we do, but nothing radical in terms of the overall approach. 
Patrick McKeever: But it still makes sense even as you've grown, let's say, into the Midwest, to distribute to all stores from all distribution centers? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, that's right. 
Patrick McKeever: And then just a quick one on -- actually, I don't think this question has been asked yet. But on Penney's, are you seeing any difference in performance from your stores that are near Penney's versus those that are not so near? 
Michael O'Sullivan: No, we've looked at that several times over the past 12 months. And what we found is that stores that are near a J.C. Penney are doing very well and stores that are not near a J.C. Penney are doing very well. I mean, all of our stores are doing -- did very well last year. I think what that tells us is that, sure, we meant -- we're almost certainly getting some kind of benefit. But there are many other things that are going on that are also driving that comp. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Evren Kopelman from Wells Fargo. 
Evren Kopelman: I have a modeling question. Some of the retailers have talked about with this year, with the extra week, every quarter starting a week later. People are seeing different effects in terms of, especially in Q1, that late -- early May week being a different size than the early February week that's being dropped off. How is that impacting your model and what kind of impact in Q2 and 3 as well, if you could touch on that? 
John Call: It impacts it somewhat, but not enough to comment on. I mean, we -- our forecast 1 or 2 comp for the year, 1 to 2 this quarter so, Evren, not really a material impact. 
Evren Kopelman: Okay. And then secondly, we're seeing some footwear trends, these wedge sneakers taking hold. Have you seen any pickup in your footwear category? 
Michael Balmuth: Our footwear business has been strong for a while. And so I'm sure that's a piece of it, but our footwear business has been strong. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Montagna from Avondale Partners. 
Mark Montagna: Just have a question about your home department. It sounds like it was a little bit of a laggard last year versus the apparel. Can you just walk us through what transitions you made regarding the home department last year, perhaps from a buying standpoint, and what your anticipation is for this year, when you think that, that might be on track with the standards that you would expect? 
Michael Balmuth: We made some actually organizational changes in there during the course of the year. We've also added a few more senior level merchants as we've started this year. And with those changes and other changes we've made, specifically on mix within our assortment by classification, we would expect as we move through the year that our assortments would be more in keeping with what we -- our expectation would be within our racks. 
Mark Montagna: Do you think that it would take a full year to get the transition or given that you're off-price and you buy much closer to need, that perhaps maybe it takes half a year? I'm trying to get a better gauge as to... 
Michael Balmuth: Actually, home is really less -- is really more upfront product purchased in home than there is anywhere else in our store, so it's further out. It is a further out business. Or I think saying closer to a year is appropriate. 
Mark Montagna: Okay. And then when you gave the monthly guidance for first quarter back on February 7, were you factoring in tax refund delays at that point? 
Michael O'Sullivan: We were factoring in a number of factors, a lot of uncertainty. That's why we gave a range and why for February we said flattish because we knew there was some uncertainty out there. So inasmuch as we're able to sort of take into account those different areas of uncertainty, our guidance tries to capture it. 
Mark Montagna: Okay. And then just the last question. In fourth quarter, it seemed as though with the mall retailers being more promotional than planned, it sounds like yourself and T.J. and the other off-price retailers were able to maintain price. So I just want to verify that, that was accurate, that you did not have to stoop lower on promotions or markdowns, I guess. And would that really indicate that off-price is gaining pricing power and that price gap between off-price and traditional retailers maybe is shrinking and that it can be maintained at a smaller gap? 
Michael Balmuth: I would say that -- look, our margins were fine. We didn't have to do anything to adjust our pricing to meet the more promotional environment. And your assumption or your hypothesis, I'd say, is probably true. 
Operator: I'm showing there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn it back over to management for any closing comments. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-14 23:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Ross Stores Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference call. The call would begin with prepared comments by management followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2011 Form 10-K and fiscal 2012 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 And I'd like to turn the call over to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Hartshorn, Senior Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer.
 We will begin with a review of our third quarter performance followed by our outlook for the upcoming holiday season, after which we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 We are pleased with the strong sales and earnings gains we generated in the third quarter and first 9 months of 2012. Our better-than-expected results year-to-date were driven by our ongoing ability to offer shoppers a fresh and exciting array of compelling name-brand bargains for the family and the home. In addition, operating of stores on lower inventories while strictly controlling expenses continues to enhance profit margins. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended October 27, 2012, increased 14% to $0.72, up from $0.63. These results are on top of a 24% gain in last year's third quarter. Net earnings for the quarter grew 11% to $159.5 million. Sales rose 11% to $2,263,000,000 with comparable store sales up 6% following 5% growth in the third quarter of 2011.
 For the 9 months ended October 27, 2012, earnings per share were $2.46, up from $2.01. These results represent a 22% increase versus a 24% gain last year. Net earnings for the period rose 18% to $550.2 million, up from $465.2 million for the first 9 months of 2011. Sales for the first 9 months of 2012 increased 12% to $6,960,000,000 with comparable store sales up 7% on top of a 5% gain for the same period last year.
 Merchandising geographic trends were broad-based for the third quarter. Juniors was the best-performing category, while the Southwest Texas and Florida showed the most geographic strength. 
 Earnings before interest and taxes in the 2012 third quarter grew to a record 11.3% of sales, up from 10.9% last year. As a percent of sales, higher merchandise margin, lower distribution cost and leverage on occupancy and general, selling and administrative expenses were partially offset by a lower shortage benefit in the prior year and increases in freight and buying costs. John will provide additional color on these operating margin trends in a few minutes.
 As we ended the third quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 9% over last year, while packaway levels were 46% of total inventories compared to 43% at this time in 2011. More importantly, average in-store inventories were down 6% at the end of the quarter, and we continue to target selling store inventories to decline in the mid-single-digit range for the fourth quarter.
 Now let's turn to dd's DISCOUNTS. dd's continued to generate solid results in the third quarter with better-than-expected sales and profitability. Like Ross, dd's is benefiting from our ability to offer a wide assortment of terrific bargains while also operating the business on reduced inventory levels. We continue to expect dd's to generate improved growth in pretax earnings for 2012 compared to last year. 
 We also recently completed our store expansion program for the year, adding 31 new Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS locations combined in the third quarter for a total of 80 new stores in 2012 as planned. 
 Now John will provide further color on our third quarter results and details on our guidance for the fourth quarter. 
John Call: Thank you, Michael. Our 6% comparable store sales gain in the third quarter was driven by mid-single-digit growth in the number of transactions combined with a low-single-digit increase in the size of the average basket. Operating margin grew by about 35 basis points in the quarter to 11.3% as 40 basis points of leverage on selling, general and administrative cost was partially offset by a 5-basis-point increase in the cost of goods sold compared to the prior year. The slight increase in cost of goods sold consisted of 30 basis points of higher merchandise margin, 15 basis points of leverage on occupancy costs and distribution expenses that declined approximately 45 basis points.  The latter was mainly due to favorable timing of packaway-related processing costs.
 These improvements were offset by 45 basis points from a lower shortage benefit than the prior year and buying and freight expenses that increased 25 basis points each. Shortage results from this year's annual physical inventory were better than expected, adding about $0.02 in earnings per share. However, the favorable variance versus our reserves was larger in the third quarter of 2011, when we realized a $0.04 benefit.
 In addition, last year's third quarter was aided by a lower tax rate due to favorable tax audit settlements that added approximately $0.02 to earnings per share. 
 Our repurchase program also remains on track as we bought back 1.7 million shares in the quarter for a total purchase price of $111 million. As a result, year-to-date, we have repurchased 5.4 million shares for a total price of $334 million. We expect to buy $116 million in common stock during the fourth quarter, which will complete the 2-year $900 million program announced in early 2011.
 Let's turn now to our guidance for the fourth quarter. As noted in today's press release, we continue to forecast earnings per share of $0.99 to $1.04 for the 14 weeks ending February 2, 2013. This compares to $0.85 for the 13 weeks ended January 28, 2012. The benefit to EPS from the 53rd week in 2012 is estimated to be about $0.08 to $0.09 and is included in this guidance range. 
 Operating statement assumptions for the quarter include the following: we are targeting total sales to grow about 12% to 13%, driven by a combination of new store growth; same-store sales that are forecast to be up 1% to 2% and the benefit from this year's 53rd week. As a reminder, we have a challenging comparison as same-store sales were up a robust 7% in last year's fourth quarter. Comparable store sales are planned to be flat to up 1% in November, up 2% to 3% in December and up 1% to 2% in January. December is expected to be the strongest month of the quarter as it has 2 extra shopping days before Christmas compared to 2011. Same-store sales increased 5%, 9% and 5%, respectively, in November, December and January of last year. 
 We are targeting fourth quarter operating margin of 13.2% to 13.5%. Net interest expense is planned to be approximately $1 million, and our tax rate is expected to be about 38%. We also estimate weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about 221 million. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Michael. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. As previously noted, we are pleased with our strong performance for the first 9 months of 2012. Our financial results reflect that we continue to benefit from our ability to efficiently execute our off-price strategies, making our stores attractive destinations for today's value-conscious customers. As we enter the important fourth quarter, our merchants are doing a terrific job of delivering plenty of bargain-priced gifts and fashions for the family and the home. That said, during the holiday season, it is always difficult to predict how commercial and other retailers may become or how current macroeconomic and political uncertainties may impact consumer spending. In addition, as John noted, same-store sales increased a robust 7% in the fourth quarter of 2011 for our most challenging comparison of the year. So while we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to maintain our prior fourth quarter forecast for both sales and earnings. 
 Based on our year-to-date results and fourth quarter guidance, earnings per share for the 53 weeks ending February 2, 2013, are now forecast to be $3.45 to $3.50, which includes the estimated earnings per share benefit of $0.08 to $0.09 from the extra week. 
 On a 52-week basis, our guidance range for fiscal 2012 represents solid projected earnings per share growth of 17% to 19% on top of a 24% increase in fiscal 2011, when we reported earnings per share of $2.86.
 Looking ahead, our top priority continues to be maximizing our ability to offer shoppers the best bargains possible. Investing in our merchant organization has been and still is our most important initiative. And today, we have hundreds of merchants sourcing products from thousands of vendors. Our commitment to increasing these key resources should ensure that we will have ongoing access to an abundance of exciting name-brand products to drive our future growth. 
 In closing, we continue to target average annual earnings per share growth of 10% to 15% over the longer term. We believe we can achieve this through a combination of store growth, same-store sales gains, sustainable operating margins and the benefit to earnings per share from our ongoing stock repurchase program. 
 At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Rick Patel with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Rick Patel: Can you talk about the impact of Hurricane Sandy on your business, in the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, perhaps quantify the impact it's having on your November comp? And then secondly, can you just talk about the impact of the hurricane on your sourcing opportunities? With a number of retailers having been impacted, are you seeing an abundance of buying opportunities in the marketplace? And if so, should we expect your packaway inventories to rise in the coming months? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Rick, it's Michael O'Sullivan. I'll answer that. In terms of impact on sales, we wouldn't expect it to be material and see much of the impact to the guidance we've just given for fourth quarter. In terms of sourcing, it's a little bit early to tell. Right now, we're pretty happy with the supply that we are seeing. We don't know whether Hurricane Sandy is contributing to that or not. 
Rick Patel: And then can you talk about your business in California? It seems like the last few months have been tough out there with some gas price volatility and then some unfavorable weather. Were the trends in that region significantly different in 3Q versus prior quarters?  And what's your outlook for that region in the fourth quarter? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Actually, California has been performing pretty well here.  We've been pretty happy with performance in the state. It's pretty close to the chain, just a little bit lower than the chain. So we're not too concerned. In terms of prospects over the next couple of quarters, we don't see a lot of issues that could change that trend. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: My first question is for John. John, looking at the new-store productivity for the stores that you've opened here over the last year, the way we model it, it looks like new-store productivity relative to the existing base is a little lower this year, and I'm wondering if that's new markets or dd's, if you could comment on that.  And then secondarily, the buying costs, I think, you indicated delevered about 25 basis points on a 6% comp. I'm wondering what the sort of -- at what comp level would you expect buying costs to be relatively neutral? And then, Michael, the inventory levels in store just continue to get leaner and leaner, and the stores are looking so very clean. I'm wondering if you could just comment on if you see further opportunities beyond the fourth quarter where you've already given guidance, so into 2013 and beyond to continue to take down those inventory levels? 
John Call: Kimberly, this is John. In terms of new store productivity, the new stores this year are achieving what we had planned them to achieve at around 70% of average store volumes. So we're pretty pleased with that. Having said that, as we go into new markets and with both Ross and dd's, we do plan those levels slightly lower than if we're in market in some of those stores. So we're actually pretty pleased with how the new stores are coming on. And your second question was around where merchant buying costs might lever. As is our # 1 priority to obtain bargains for our customers, we continue to invest in the merchant group, and I think we'll continue to do that. So to say at what point in time it will ultimately lever, we think that we that it probably should grow with or probably slightly faster than sales growth, so we'll continue to make those investments. 
Michael Balmuth: And on inventory levels going forward, we haven't established all our levels for next year, but I would anticipate that we'd have further reductions, probably in the low-single-digit range. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evren Kopelman from Wells Fargo. 
Evren Kopelman: Two questions. One is on the average basket size, you said it's up low single-digits. Can you talk about be drivers behind that? Is it a mix shift among categories maybe that are higher priced or any other drivers? And then secondly, can you talk about the differences in strength between regions and what you think is driving some of the strength in certain regions? 
John Call: Evren, I'll answer your first question on the average basket. It's being driven by slightly higher AURs, which could be slightly a mix difference, and the number of units is fairly flat. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then on your second question, Evren, about regions. Although we called out Florida and Texas in the Southwest, I would say that our performance has been fairly broad-based, and we're pretty happy with the performance across all regions. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen with Citigroup. 
Oliver Chen: Regarding the fourth quarter and your outlook, what are the puts and takes we should think about with respect to the gross margin opportunity in terms of the occupancy versus merch margin? Also, could you just update us on the incremental opportunities further for your macro merchandising initiatives? And our final question is in relation to the resolution of the elections. Has that been a positive or negative in terms of what's been happening after that's over now? 
John Call: Oliver, it relates to the fourth quarter.  As we've mentioned, we're planning a 1 to 2 comp for that quarter. We would expect some deleverage from expenses in the quarter based on the 1 to 2 comp.  And on a 52-week basis, that's what we'd expect, between 10 and 40 basis points of deleverage. If you include the 53rd week, then we'd actually expect some leverage. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then on your second question about micro-merchandising. As you know, we've rolled out micro-merchandising across the chain about 2 years ago.  And I think at that time, we explained that our micro-merchandising uses history to project the inventory levels in each store. So obviously, the more history we have, the more accurate micro-merchandising is. So we think there's still continued value we're going to get from micro-merchandising over the next few years. So we've gotten some benefit today, which is what helped us to improve our turns, but we think there's still a little bit more to come. I think your first question was about the election. Certainly, we've seen no impact in terms of the outcome of the election on our business at this point. And we didn't expect one, so yes. 
Oliver Chen: As a follow-up on the deleverage regarding the gross margin, are there positive offsets? Are you expecting there to be a nice positive from greater full price selling on the inventory control? 
John Call: So we would expect further market benefits.  As we take inventories down, we expect faster turns, which would reduce our current [ph] levels. So yes, we would expect some leverage from the merchandise line. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tunick with JPMorgan. 
Brian Tunick: A couple of questions. First, on the market share, any more thoughts as we move through most of the year, sort of how much you think market share may have come from J.C. Penney or sort of what you think you're seeing from new customers coming into the Ross Stores and how sustainable you think you'll be able to keep those new customers? Second question, Home has been lagging, and I was just curious as we move into the tougher comps and everyone's excited about the housing recovery, sort of what are you guys doing to reassort the housing and home-related product? And the third part, on the distribution side of it, I believe you have a new DC ramping up or open and how that could impact your distribution expense leverage for next year? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Brian, on the first question about market share. Obviously, with a 7% comp year to date, we believe we're gaining share from someone in the apparel market. And I think that's been true in the last several years. Our comps have generally outperformed the competitors. And obviously, we're watching closely what's been happening in the midtier. We've tried to ask -- to isolate the impact of the midtier and J.C. Penney on our comp. But mathematically, we haven't been able to really quantify the impact. But I think suffice it to say that we believe that with a 7% comp, we are gaining share, and the customers are pleased with the values that we're offering. Let me jump to your third question, and then I think Michael will come back on the question about Home. Your third question was about the distribution centers. We actually have a new distribution center that will -- scheduled to open in 2014. So in terms of DC costs, I wouldn't expect any deleverage in 2013. 
John Call: I would add to that, Michael, that in 2013, we would have increased CapEx spending around the build of that new DC. But as Michael said, no P&L impact. 
Michael Balmuth: Relative to Home, on a short-term basis, we have business well positioned, we believe, for gift-giving for the holiday period. And as we look further out, the way we approach things, first we ramp up more organization and we have in Home to help fuel some of the categories as business opportunities are starting to present themselves in more small-furniture-type businesses that we believe in in Home that relate to housing industry. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez from Nomura. 
Paul Lejuez: Just on the packaway levels, your assumption for packaway levels can impact how we think about the distribution line and its impact on the EBIT margin. So I'm just curious what is built in to your assumptions for fourth quarter as it relates to packaway? And then second, just bigger picture, you guys are always very methodical in terms of how you buy back stock. You have an authorization, it takes you 2 years to go through it. Would you ever consider being a little bit more opportunistic in the way that you treat buyback, when the shares are down to buy back more, or will you stick to the very predictable pace that you've done it in the past? 
John Call: To packaway levels, Paul, this one's a little bit difficult to predict, but from a planning perspective, we look for packaway levels to be somewhat even with last year. Now having said that, again, we are opportunistic on that line, so don't necessarily hold us to that, but that's what we have built into the forecast for the fourth quarter. As it relates to the buyback, we do look at being opportunistic with the buyback when it matters. When we see fluctuations in our PE, dramatic fluctuations in our PE, we tend to be a little bit more aggressive. But our instinct is to remain pretty methodical, as you mentioned, about buying back stock. We don't tend to be market timers. 
Paul Lejuez: John, on the packaway, is that flat to last quarter or flat year-over-year? And then.... 
John Call: Flat year-over-year. 
Paul Lejuez: Okay. And then, so what's the assumption for whether that distribution line helps or hurts you in the fourth quarter? 
John Call: So it helps us in the third quarter, would tend to -- it would help -- based on the projections, it would help us in the fourth quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Canaccord. 
Laura Champine: My question is about the competitive environment as we move into Q4, because I know you price at a discount to department store pricing. What is your perception of what's happening with inventory levels and with promotions early in the holiday season? 
Michael Balmuth: It seems fairly promotional, okay? We probably say that every year to -- at this time. But certainly, with what's going on in terms of hours for Thanksgiving, it certainly seems like people position themselves pretty aggressively in promotions. Inventory levels, there's one store in the midtier that has certainly has stated that their inventory levels are much higher. The inventory levels look relatively under control. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Mann with Johnson Rice. 
David Mann: A couple of questions. In terms of November, why -- or what are the factors that are behind that being the weakest month of the quarter? 
John Call: As you looked at the quarter, David, we're up, again, we're up against a significant number, there's isn't a compelling reason to shop. We think for the quarter, we're -- planned it fairly conservative. We haven't really changed that guidance since we issued that guidance in August of this year. So we're approaching it as we have approached the year, being fairly conservative and hoping we'll do better. 
Michael Balmuth: And you also have a couple of extra days in December before Christmas. 
David Mann: Got you. And then in terms of shrink, I guess this is the first year where your shrink benefit actually has been behind the last few years. How should we think about future opportunities in shrink? 
John Call: So we have, as you mentioned, David, for the last 3 or 4 years, we've continued to have record levels of our shortage. That again was the case this year. As we get down to these levels, there's just not as much opportunity to carve out that benefit. Now going forward, we'll reduce our shrink accrual to reflect the levels we achieved this year, similar to what we've done over the past 3 or 4 years. So baked into our future guidance will be a lower shrink accrual. 
David Mann: And then my last question, when you look at the packaway purchases you're making, how does the product cost look in the recent purchases relative to the last few quarters? 
Michael Balmuth: Favorable. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with The Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Your traffic has been up very nicely and has been. Can you talk about if there -- if this is consistent across the country and if there's anything that you are looking to do differently or anything that you've changed that is the result of this, away from the strong assortments? 
Michael O'Sullivan: In terms of traffic, Marni, there's really nothing that we're planning to do that's any different to the approach we always take, which is try and put the best bargains in front of the customer. We've found that over time, that's the most effective way to continue to grow our traffic to our stores. So certainly other things like using marketing to support that we'll continue to do. But nothing dramatically different than what we've done historically. 
Marni Shapiro: That sounds great. Can you just remind me, last year's shortage of on the last couple of years, it's been very low. Is this  year's level just really more normalized level reserve-wise versus shortage?  Or was last year's extremely low? I guess how should we think about that? 
John Call: No. Actually, last year, we hit an all-time low, and again this year, we hit an all-time low. Just the benefit against that reserve was lower, has more to do with how we were reserving as opposed to the actual results. 
Marni Shapiro: So the actual shortage was still very low? 
John Call: Yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roxanne Meyer from UBS. 
Roxanne Meyer: Just a couple of quick questions. First, I'm wondering what your comp assumption is on a full 14-week basis? Second, any outlook for freight costs? And third, was November -- early November trends impacted by unfavorably warm weather in California? I'm just wondering if you can comment on that. 
John Call: So on the first, the comp assumption for the 14 weeks as opposed to 13 weeks? 
Roxanne Meyer: Yes. 
John Call: So we haven't -- actually, the comp is going to be based on the 13-week assumption, which we said is 1 to 2. As far as your second question on freight, we did experience a little higher freight rates, probably due to slightly higher fuel rates. And we see that rolling through the fourth quarter as well. And the third question, Roxanne? 
Roxanne Meyer: Was just commenting on California weather early in November? 
John Call: We don't comment midmonth on sales at this point, Roxanne. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Alex Fuhrman from Piper Jaffray. 
Alex Fuhrman: Would like to ask about the continued strength that you guys are having in the Juniors category. I mean, it seems like now, you're starting to lap outperformance in that category now for a little bit of time now. It's been a little bit more than a year now. So I guess my question is as you think about a lot of the department stores have been calling that out as a category of weakness, as we try to get a sense of if this is a long-term secular shift or not, what are you seeing in terms of the average basket size and units per transaction within that category? Do you get a sense that Juniors customer is putting entire outfits together at Ross, or is she really more supplementing her existing wardrobe with more incremental smaller purchases? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Alex, I'll try to answer that. I think Michael had mentioned in his comments that Juniors was one of our strongest-performing businesses in Q3. In fact, we've been very happy with the Juniors business over the last couple of years. Juniors has always been an important business area for us. We attract -- or within our demographics, we certainly have a number of younger customers, and they are attracted to that Juniors business. In terms of some of the subtleties of what you asked about, in terms of how are they shopping, I don't think we really have a sense of that. All we know is that, like our other customers, they're looking for a bargain, and clearly, we've been able to satisfy them over the past couple of years, and that's what's driven the success [ph] of that business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Montagna from Avondale Partners. 
Mark Montagna: I've got a question just about the Midwest and also the Home category. Can you tell us roughly how many stores you have in the Midwest that are in the comp basis for the new territories that you just went into? And then how you have, perhaps, adjusted the assortment to be more tailored for the winter month there versus the rest of the country? And then just going back to the Home category, can you just review with us when you started to see the weakness in your Home category?  Because I know you mentioned previously that you thought it was a little off-track.  And at what point did you feel that you've gotten it back on track to where you'd like it to be on the right trajectory? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Mark, on the first piece of that, the number of stores in the comp base in the Midwest, at this point, there are no stores in the comp base. We opened the stores -- the first stores in the Midwest were opened last October, and we wait a year and a few months before we actually put those in the comp base. I think your second question was about assortment changes, and I'll make a few comments. Since we've been in Midwest, we've looked to what's selling, what's working, and we've made adjustments, no different to what we would do in any other region. So nothing dramatic, just some tweaks here and there in terms of the assortments. And I think your third question was about Home. 
Michael Balmuth: And Home, we saw some issues starting in first quarter, and by third quarter, we were seeing portions of Home get back on track, and we're feeling good about our prospects going forward and getting the rest of it on track. 
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just one follow-up to an earlier question about the kind of competitive environment. I guess, aside from the issue of hours around Thanksgiving and whatnot, from a pricing or other competitive standpoint, I mean, looking back over your last few third quarter earnings releases, your language is somewhat boilerplate and cautious, and I know that you try to be a cautious management team.  But is there anything from a pricing or other competitive standpoint that you feel is changing this year versus the same time last year? That would be my first question, then I have a follow-up. 
Michael Balmuth: We're not seeing the pricing being more severe than a year ago, no, at this point. 
Daniel Hofkin: So it's mostly just kind of the tempo around hours around Thanksgiving so far? 
Michael Balmuth: Well, you have that.  There is some concern out there that retailers who have a big presence in the Northeast, which is most companies, got hurt with Sandy and might promote a little more aggressively than normal as we move through the month and the holiday season. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And then back to the Midwest stores, could you talk about, aside from the fact that they're not in the comp base yet, how you feel they're performing at this point relative to your expectation? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Daniel, I think I've mentioned we first opened stores in the Midwest in October of 2011. At this point, we have -- if you combine all the states in the Midwest, we have over 30 stores at this point. But they're all relatively new, so it's kind of too early to provide a full assessment of the sales performance, but the early signs are very positive. The reception we've gotten from the customer base has been great. So everything we've seen in terms of early sales, customer research, "down on the ground" customer feedback, reinforces for us our belief that we're going to be successful in these markets long term. 
Operator: This concludes the Q&A portion of the call. I'll turn it back for any closing comments. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you. Thank you all for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores, and have a great day and a terrific holiday. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-15 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Ross Stores Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2011 Form 10-K and fiscal 2012 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bobbi Chaville, Senior Director, Investor Relations. 
 Before we review our financial results, I'd like to briefly discuss our recent announcement of an updated CEO succession plan approved by our Board of Directors. As part of this plan and at my request, the board and I have reached an agreement where I will remain with the company at least through May of 2016. My CEO role will be unchanged until June of 2014. I will then become Executive Chairman, and the board will elect the new CEO from our strong bench of very talented and skilled senior executives. The new CEO will report directly to the board and take on responsibility for most areas of the company.
 As the Executive Chairman, I will remain actively involved in the business, with property development and dd's DISCOUNTS continuing to report to me. Our Chairman, Norman Ferber, will become Chairman Emeritus with his current consulting role to remain unchanged. The board and I firmly believe this type of long-term succession plan will allow us to remain focused on executing the strategies that have driven our outstanding financial results over the past several years. We are also confident this plan will help us continue to maximize future stockholder returns.
 In a couple of years, I will partner with the new CEO to effect a smooth leadership transition. I was able to benefit from this type of mentoring relationship with Norman Ferber, who handed the CEO reins to me 16 years ago. To ensure our ongoing success over the long term, I will continue to stay very engaged with the entire senior management team in setting strategy and direction for the company. I have been privileged to work with outstanding people at Ross Stores for 23 years and look forward to continuing to do so for many years to come.
 Now turning to earnings. We'll begin with a brief review of our second quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the remainder of the year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 
 We are pleased with our better-than-expected performance in the second quarter and first 6 months of 2012. Our strong sales and earnings growth for both periods continues to be driven by our ability to deliver compelling name-brand bargains to today's value-focused consumers, while strictly controlling both inventories and expenses. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended July 28, 2012, increased 27% to $0.81 from $0.64. These results are on top of a 20% gain in the same period last year.
 Net earnings for the quarter grew 23% to $182 million. Sales rose 12% to $2,341,000,000, with comparable store sales up 7% on top of 5% growth in the second quarter of 2011. For the 6 months ended July 28, 2012, earnings per share were $1.74, up from $1.38. These results represent a 26% increase on top of a 23% gain in the first half of 2011. Net earnings for the period rose 22% to $390.6 million, up from $321.2 million last year. Sales for the first 6 months of 2012 increased 13% to $4,698,000,000, with comparable store sales up 8%, which was on top of a 4% gain in the prior year period.
 Merchandise and geographic trends were broad based for the second quarter and the first 6 months. For both periods, Juniors and Shoes were the best-performing categories, while Florida showed the most geographic strength. 
 Earnings before interest and taxes in the 2012 second quarter grew to a record 12.8% of sales, up from 11.7% in the prior year. The drivers were higher gross margin and leverage on selling, general and administrative expenses from the strong gain in same-store sales. John will provide additional color on these operating margin trends in a few minutes.
 As we ended the second quarter, total consolidated inventories increased 2% versus the prior year, while packaway levels were 48% of total inventories compared to 49% at this time last year. More importantly, average in-store inventories declined 5%. As a reminder, we are planning selling store inventories to be down in the mid-single-digit range for the back half of the year.
 Now let's turn to dd's DISCOUNTS. dd's generated solid results in the second quarter with above planned sales and gross margin. Like Ross, dd's is also benefiting from our ability to flow a larger percentage of fresh product to our stores by operating on lower inventory levels. We continue to expect dd's to generate improved growth in pre-tax earnings for 2012 compared to last year. 
 With respect to Ross Stores' expansion program, we remain on track to open a total of 31 new Ross and dd's DISCOUNTS locations in the third quarter and about 80 stores for the full year. This growth includes our ongoing expansion into the Midwest, where we expect to operate 36 Ross stores by the end of the year. 
 Now John will provide further color on our second quarter results and details on our guidance for the balance of the year. 
John Call: Thank you, Michael. Our 7% comparable store sales gain in the second quarter was driven by mid-single-digit growth in the number of transactions, combined with a low single-digit increase in the size of the average basket. Operating margin grew by about 110 basis points in the quarter to 12.8%. The 80-basis point improvement in gross margin was driven by a 65-basis point increase in merchandise margin, which includes 10 basis points from a lower shrink accrual and lower distribution and occupancy costs, which contributed about 50 and 25 basis points, respectively. These favorable trends more than offset 55 basis points of higher buying costs due in part to one-time severance-related expenses and modestly higher freight costs.
 Leverage on the robust 7% comparable store sales gain drove a 30-basis point reduction in selling, general and administrative expenses, primarily due to a lower store cost as a percent of sales. During the second quarter, we repurchased 1.7 million shares for a total purchase price of $113 million. We remain on track to buy back a total of $450 million in common stock during fiscal 2012 to complete the 2-year $900 million program authorized in early 2011.
 Let's turn now to our guidance for the back half of the year. For the 13 weeks ending October 27, 2012, we are targeting total sales to grow about 8% to 9%, driven by a combination of new store growth and same-store sales that are forecast to be up 3% to 4%. Comparable store sales are forecast to increase 4% to 5% in August, 2% to 3% in September and 3% to 4% in October. This compares to last year when they rose 4% in August and 5% in both September and October. As Michael mentioned, we plan to open 31 net new stores during the period, including 25 Ross Dress for Less and 6 dd's DISCOUNTS.
 Third quarter earnings per share are forecast to be in the range of $0.63 to $0.66 compared to $0.63 in the prior year. Last year's third quarter benefited from much better-than-expected shortage results and a lower tax rate due to favorable tax audit settlements. Together, these items increased third quarter 2011 EPS by about $0.06 per share.
 We are targeting operating margin of 10.4% to 10.6% for the 2012 third quarter. As I just mentioned, higher projected shortage this year compared to do very favorable prior year shrink results is expected to more than offset significant leverage on selling, general and administrative expenses and improvement in merchandise gross margins in this year's third quarter. Net interest expense is planned to be approximately $2 million, and our tax rate is expected to be about 37%, up from 35% in the prior year period. We also estimate weighted-average diluted shares outstanding of about $223 million.
 For the fourth quarter, we are targeting same-store sales for the 13 weeks ending January 26, 2013, to increase 1% to 2% on top of strong 7% gain last year. For the 14 weeks ending February 2, 2013, we are targeting earnings per share to be in the range of $0.99 to $1.04, up from last year's $0.85. Without the estimated per-share benefit of about $0.89 from the 53rd week, fourth quarter EPS is projected to grow about 6% to 12%. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Michael. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. As noted in today's press release, we are raising our 2012 guidance with earnings per share for the 53 weeks ending February 2, 2013, now forecast to be in the range of $3.36 to $3.44, including the previously mentioned $0.08 to $0.09 benefit from the extra week. This compares to our prior guidance of $3.26 to $3.37 and represents projected earnings per share growth of 14% to 17% on a 52-week basis over earnings per share of $2.86 in fiscal 2011. Looking ahead, we recognize that there are still a number of headwinds in today's macroeconomic and retail environment that could have a negative impact on consumer spending. As a result, while we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to plan our business conservatively. That said, we remain very liquid in our open-to-buy, and our merchants continue to find plenty of competitively priced, name-brand fashions for the family and the home.
 In addition, we are very well positioned as a value retailer in the current climate. By efficiently executing our authorized business model, we believe we can continue to benefit from consumers' ongoing preference for bargains. To accomplish that, we plan to stay focused on the same strategy that have driven our successful growth over the past several years, namely offering our customers fresh and exciting assortments of compelling name-brand merchandise, while strictly controlling both inventories and expenses. 
 At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Brian Tunick with JPMorgan. 
Brian Tunick: I guess first question, just trying to understand a little more as we think about, last quarter, you raised your overall store target plans. And just maybe any learning so far from the Midwest and the Chicago market, whether it be the micro-merchandising or how you're flowing inventory into the stores, that can give you more confidence about sort of either accelerating or holding your square-footage growth rate here going forward. And then the second question, on the shrink, I know it comes up on a lot of the calls, but besides having obviously lower inventory per foot, are there other things you guys have done in the past 3 or 4 years in the stores on the employee side where you think that can continue to improve the shrink rate? 
Michael Balmuth: Okay. Brian, on the first piece of that, the new markets. We -- as you know, we opened 14 stores in new markets in October of last year. So still very, very early to get any kind of read. But what I would say is that the early signs have been very positive. Customer reception and the customer feedback we've gotten have been very good. And that kind of reinforced our belief that we're going to be very successful in those markets long term. Any major learnings? I think that's the question you already asked. Nothing major. I think we've made some tweaks along the way, some minor improvements here and there, to assortments and to operations but nothing major. So overall, we feel very good about the new markets. 
Gary Cribb: And this is Gary, I'll answer the question around shrink. So we, over the past number of years, have implemented a significant number of shortage initiatives. To name a few, we have increased our physical personnel in stores designed to prevent shortage. We've got a number of technology advances that we use. We've implemented hard tagging throughout store, again, designed at shortage prevention. And we believe that through consistent execution that we can get better over time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Patel with Bank of America. 
Rick Patel: It looks like you had a pretty decent ramp-up in packaway inventories on a dollar basis from 1Q to 2Q. And can you just help us think about that? Is it a function of ramping up for the holidays? Or have you seen an uptick in a number of great buying opportunity in the marketplace? And then secondly, how should we think about packaway inventories ramping in the back half? And what are the gross margin implications of that? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. Rick, it's a function of a sliding, what we consider, terrific bargains -- branded bargains, okay? And thinking about our packaway levels going forward, it's going to be a function of what we find, okay? If it continues to be a very good buyers market, it would ramp. But that remains to be seen. So far, we've been seeing some very good buying. Buying opportunities out there are very good. And the gross margin on it, the gross margin on it is favorable. But you match up gross margin to the parent business that it comes from. So better product has obviously lower margin than moderate products. But the packaway product of each is higher than if we were buying goods regularly on close-ups. 
Rick Patel: Okay. And then can you update us on your marketing strategy for the back half? I'm curious if you're planning marketing dollars to be up versus last year and how much of a change you're expecting in impressions given the different channels that you're using for marketing this year. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. Rick, there's pretty no change in our marketing strategy in the back half. Our marketing spending will be in line with last year as a percentage of sales. And our marketing mix in terms of TVs and other channels will be comparable to last year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Katz with MorningStar. 
Jaime Katz: Are there any new ways that you guys have thought of increasing traffic maybe through some sort of targeted marketing in certain regions? Obviously, you called out Florida as a strong region. But are there some regions maybe that are coming in a little bit weaker that you guys have changed the way you've targeted the audience there? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Let me take that question in 2 parts. First of all, in terms of the regions, our sales performance have been pretty broad based. I know Michael mentioned in his remarks that Florida has been the strongest. But actually, we've been strong across all regions. SO there haven't been any weak regions in our chain. In terms of any special targeting, any special marketing, no really. I mean, our style in our strategy has always been to use marketing as a way to remind the customer to keep coming to Ross. So the real perk is the bargain that they find in the store. So our focus is really to make sure that we have great merchandise, great bargains, and that's what keeps the customer coming back. Marketing is just to remind them of that. We're not trying any gimmicks with our marketing program. We're not doing anything different. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Stein with Northcoast Research. 
Jeffrey Stein: A couple of questions. First off, question for John. Hammering at the high end of your guidance range for the third quarter, in other words, if you do a 4% comp, would you leverage SG&A at that level? 
John Call: Yes, we would. 
Jeffrey Stein: Okay, great. And then next question, wondering your home business seems to have lagged the apparel business for some time, and I'm wondering if there is any strategy in mind to kind of maybe reenergize that business and try to ramp up the growth rate a little bit more? 
John Call: Well, we think at home, in the more recent period, we've had some execution issues, and we think we're in the process of cleaning all that up. And we would expect home to be back on track based on that. 
Jeffrey Stein: Okay. And what if -- should we expect to see that in the back half of this year? Or is that more of a calendar 2013 initiative? 
John Call: I think -- oh, no. It's an initiative that's ongoing. It's -- you'd expect -- we'd expect to see some improvement in Q4 and more so as we move into the spring. 
Jeffrey Stein: Okay. And just finally, CapEx. Can you talk at all about spending levels beyond the current fiscal year? Should they begin to abate somewhat? Or will they remain at these levels? 
John Call: So as far as CapEx goes this year, we've updated our view around that. We think we'll spend between $465 million and $475 million. Principally, the increases there are related to distribution centers that we're building. That will continue into 2013. And then after that, it will abate back to more historical level. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I wanted to ask about the second quarter transaction metrics. John, if you could break those down for us between the transaction count versus average dollar sale and averaging at retail price. As I recall, it's primarily been an increase in traffic and an increase in transaction sort of driven your comp, so far, this year. And I'm wondering if you have any insight into the drivers of that surge in traffic. I -- as I think about your business over the last 10 or 12 years, I don't remember a year where I think traffic has been as robust as this year. So maybe just any insight you could offer there. And secondarily, if you have a similarly low shrink results this year, when you do your physical inventory in September as you did last year, would that be neutral to third quarter EPS? Or maybe what's embedded in your third quarter guidance? 
John Call: Sure. As far as the transaction trends in the second quarter, the number of transactions as we mentioned was up mid-single-digit rates, so the driver of the comp was the transaction volume. We did see a little single-digit increase in the size of the average basket. But as of seen over the last several years, it's been traffic that has really driven the comp. And last year, we had a similar levels of kind of mid-single-digit increase in traffic, and that's been a recurring thing. As far as shrink is concerned -- so we have no doubt any benefit into positive shrink results above and beyond our approval this year. I'll remind you that over the past probably 2 or 3 years, the results have benefited the third quarter by probably $0.04 to $0.055 over a 3-year period. We don't think it's prudent to expect that again and continue to expect that because we're at historically low levels, and we think it's just prudent not to dial that in. And I don't think it's realistic that we'll receive the 4% to 5% benefit. Having said that, as Gary mentioned, we're still very bullish on our shrink work. We continue to invest on those initiatives, but we're down to a level of where we have already picked the high-hanging fruit. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Mann with Johnson Rice. 
David Mann: John, can you talk a little bit about the components of gross margin, how we should think about those in the third quarter? And then also, can you just give us a sense on how big that one-time severance expense was? 
John Call: Yes. So in the third quarter, the thing will continue for the year, which is the lower inventory levels have increased turn, which have reduced our markdown levels. And that should continue into the third and the fourth quarters, as we anticipate inventories will be down in the mid-singles. And as far as the kind of one-time severance piece, it was worth about 20 bps. 
David Mann: Okay. And then on, in terms of the distribution number, the benefit that you have in the current quarter, the second quarter, can you just talk a little bit about what was going on there? 
John Call: Sure. We had -- we did have at a kind of a gross level the distribution centers did perform better on higher volumes, so we did have some leverage there. There's also a piece of packaway timing embedded in that 50 basis points of improvement in distribution. 
David Mann: Okay. And one last question, in terms of dd's, you guys are delivering, it sounds like much improved performance or continued improved performance there. Can you give us a sense on, in terms of your guidance, what kind of improved bottom line performance dd's is likely to contribute this year? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Well, overall, David, you're right. dd's continued to perform well for the second quarter. And actually for the first half of the year, it beat itself in margins plans. And over the last few years, it's benefited from the same approach that we've taken at Ross in terms of reducing our inventory levels, which has improved the freshness of the product, which has driven sales and has also sped up terms, which have improved the margins. So we're pretty happy with the -- with dd's performance. I think we've mentioned, earlier in the year, we expect that dd's should be accretive to earnings, not really material. I mean, it's still a relatively small part of our overall business, but it's on track to be pretty accretive to earnings this year. 
Michael Balmuth: Yes. The only thing I'll add to that is that we are pleased with the dd's store contribution levels, which pretty much mimicked those at Ross Stores [indiscernible]. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Jaffe from Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Richard Jaffe: Just a follow-on with dd's, how much of your Ross Stores' expertise in the market is helping dd's? How much does one team sort of provide a helping hand to the other in terms of great product or packaway or excess product? Or are they run as really silos, very, very independent? 
Michael Balmuth: They're separate buying organizations that work closely together when it's appropriate. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Canaccord. 
Jason Smith: This is Jason Smith on the line for Laura. I just had a quick question about your Q3 guidance. Is there something that you're seeing in August that's making you a little more conservative, given recent traffic and sales trends? 
Michael Balmuth: So for August, we're guiding 4 to 5, which we're guiding that the highest month of the quarter. It's up against a lower comp. Other than that, I think I'll remain silent on it in that we don't comment on in a month so. 
Jason Smith: Okay. And -- I mean, where is the conservatism coming, given recent trends? 
Michael Balmuth: We hope to do better, okay? And we think it's better to run our business in a very conservative model. And it's worked well for us, doing that for a number of years. And we'll continue to do that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Omar Saad from ISI group. 
Omar Saad: I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of an update on the buying organization. What size you're at, at this point? And have you seen a lot of growth there? Are you being -- is that -- what's the talent availability like as the business continues to grow? Are you seeing turnover kind of where -- what are your long-term goals? Or you -- or do you kind of feel you have the organization in place on the buying side for what you're looking for, for the business long-term? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Okay. I would say we had a very well-developed buying organization that we grow close to 10% a year. We -- that's our plan -- our medium-range plan. We have a very aggressive program developing our own. And certainly, the talent availability outside of our company, to your question, with what's going on in the retail industry over the last few years, there's some potential talent out there, too. But we prefer to grow our own when we can. 
Omar Saad: Got you. And then, if I could ask a -- just a quick question on kind of like the landscape, the competitive dynamics out there, some dislocation happening at various departments stores. Do you see changes in the way consumers are shopping? And can you see in your data new customers coming into your stores, whether it's the Ross Stores or the dd's stores that are kind of fleeing some of these other channels? 
John Call: Yes. We -- I guess a couple of full-term response to that, Omar. First of all, with an 8% comp store sales growth in the first half of the year, it's clear that we're growing customers from somewhere. We -- next, that's been true for the last few years. Our comp sales has been very strong, so we're taking share of the apparel market. We do a lot of research where our customers are coming from, and we've gained a lot of new customers over the last few years. And what the research tells us is that there are number of factors, and there are a number of places that our customers come from. So partly, it's dislocation into the spot department store channel but also the general economy and perhaps, most importantly, the #1 thing of course is customers that comes to Ross and do business with us is that we're offering them great deals. So it's a combination of all those factors. But the most important one is that we're offering them a bargain. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evren Kopelman with Wells Fargo. 
Evren Kopelman: I wanted to ask about your micro-merchandising initiatives, kind of maybe where we are in terms of the benefits you expect to see from that and maybe some of the surprises that you have seen that, relative to your expectations, that the systems have allowed you to do. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Evren,, we rolled out micro-merchandising perhaps 2 years ago. It is -- it has actually been several years in development, so we spent a lot of time thinking about it before we put it in place and designing it. But it's really been in place for about 2 years across the chain. And we think it's helped our business in terms of making sure that we have the right product going to the right stores at the right time. And it's been a major contributor to us being able to continue to cut our inventory levels, which in turn has improved freshness of the merchandise and help to drive turns. In terms of big surprises, I don't think there's been any. I think it's kind of done what we expect it to. Each store now has a much more customize assortment based upon the micro-merchandising planning and trending that we've done but the best kind of what we intend it to do. So no big surprises to report. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pamela Quintiliano from Oppenheimer. 
Daniel Jacome: It's Dan Jacome filling in for Pamela. Just had a quick question on Ross versus dd's. Can you help us think about the traffic and conversion levels at those 2, given that they reflect different demographics? And earlier this week, a competitor, caters to a more constrained consumer, had suggested that the macro is, well, beginning to weigh more heavily. So just any insights would be greatly appreciated. 
Michael Balmuth: Dan, in terms of the composition of comps among both companies, very similar traffics driving both of those increases, and we haven't seen a large disparity among the 2. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And around conversion, both Ross and dd's have pretty help the conversion rates. Typically, what we find is when a customer visits a Ross store or when a customer visits a dd's, more often than not, they are going to find something that they like. So the conversion rates are pretty high at both chains. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roxanne Meyer from UBS. 
Roxanne Meyer: First, I just wanted to follow up on your comments regarding new customers and where you're getting them from. Wondering if you could share anecdotally any insights as to, are you seeing a wider customer demographic? I know one of your competitors talked about seeing a younger customer increasingly shopping their stores. And then secondly, given that so many retailers are talking about lower sourcing costs trickling through in the back half, wondering if you have any update as to what that impact could be on your business as well. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Ross, handling the customer question. Yes. We've certainly done research on the new customers that we've attracted. And by and large, the demog -- they're growing from the same demographic groups as our existing customer base. You've mentioned younger customers. We've always done particularly well with younger customers. I think that's a combination of they're attracted to the great values that we offer and the assortment that we offer. And we see that -- again, in our research on new customers, we see that continuing that we do particularly well with younger customers. 
John Call: Relative to cost and impact on our business, we price our merchandise off of branded product that's in department stores. So we watch how they -- we'll be watching how they price their product and we have been watching. And we'll be pricing accordingly to keep a proper distance from their retails -- our retails. And the cost for us is really a function of the existing supply lines in the market, okay, regardless of what they're paying for product. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Fuhrman with Piper Jaffray. 
Alex Fuhrman: I would like to talk a little bit about the composition of your packaway inventory, given that it's been -- it's been building based on opportunistic buys, and I would assume the quality is very high. If you could comment on the quality of the brands in your packaway inventory, how you feel that sits versus last year. And then, given the strength you've had in the Juniors business the last 11 months, and I know it's a little bit harder to pack that merchandise away because it's a little bit more of a fickle customer in terms of fashion. Has the composition of your packaway inventory by merchandise category changed at all as Juniors has become a more prominent part of the business? 
Michael Balmuth: We actually feel very good about the quality of brands in our packaway, and that's the reason why the number has been climbing. Our Junior business is not a big participant in the packaway business. It's a much more trendy business and it happens. There's really one classification, in particular, where we might pack away a little more. But for the most part, in Juniors, it's a buy-and-sell business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Co. 
Daniel Hofkin: Just following up on the earlier question on the department stores, specifically, J.C. Penney, can you say qualitatively in trade areas versus non-trade areas of J.C. Penney, are you seeing a measurable difference in the comp over the last -- since earlier this year? And then, is that also helping you on the dislocation among some of your department store competitors helping you in terms of incremental product availability? 
Michael O'Sullivan: In terms of the sales impact, Daniel, 95% of our stores are within 10 miles of a J.C. Penney. And we've sliced and diced stores based upon proximity. And we don't see a pattern. So analytically, what I can tell you is, we don't see that stores near J.C. Penneys are comping better than stores that are farther away. All the stores, whether they're near or far from J.C. Penney, are doing well. With that said, I'll go back to the point we talked about earlier. With an 8% comp in the first half, it's clear that we're taking share from somewhere, and customers are coming from somewhere. But I think our conclusion is that they're coming from a lot of different places. This is only one factor. There are many other factors driving our comp performance. 
John Call: And in terms of seeing product as it relates to specifically one retailer, I would say the mid-tiers has struggled a little more in total. And although we don't often know exactly where the product is coming from as then to sell it to us, our suspicion is that we're getting products from a few of the key mid-tier players. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. If I could ask -- I'm sorry, I was just going to say if I could ask one follow-up which is, what sort of the current thought about that drop-through rate on an incremental comp point? I know you guys budget your business for a low comp. 
Michael Balmuth: Yes. So our drop-through rates around 25% for incremental sales above plan, and that's about what we're running. 
Daniel Hofkin: It's above -- that's above the operating margin on the incremental sales. 
Michael Balmuth: It's about the operating margin. That's -- on an annual basis, 1-point comp was probably worth about $0.06 to $0.07. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Montagna from Avondale Partners. 
Mark Montagna: Just wanted to get a little bit more clarity in terms of customers from major prior question on this. Are you seeing a broadening of your age range by any chance? And are you seeing a broadening of the income demographic, perhaps a higher income demographic? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Well, we -- our customers are pretty -- have a pretty broad set of demographics to begin with. We -- our existing customers are drawn from different income groups, different age groups, entities and so forth. And so, no, we haven't seen any major change in that -- in that profile, in that demographic breakup. 
Mark Montagna: Okay. And then just lastly, just regarding inventory shrink. It sounds like you're guiding to flat. Wouldn't it be logical that if your inventories may be down mid-single digits, we should expect some less shrink to some [indiscernible] less inventory out there? 
Michael Balmuth: Is the question we should extract lower shrink levels because we have lower inventories? 
Mark Montagna: Yes. Because clearly, you're executing well on a lot of the other disciplines to prevent shrink, just is it logical there's that much less to be? 
Michael Balmuth: I'd say we hope so. We're optimistic about that. It's not only lower levels of inventory but the programs that we put in place, and we keep investing in that area of the business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Glick with Buckingham Research. 
David Glick: Just 2 quick questions. First, on the SG&A leverage in the second quarter, clearly a very strong operating margin performance. So I was just curious why the leverage wasn't as great as previous quarters. I'm assuming perhaps that it was a higher incentive comp accrual or maybe a catch-up accrual, and I was wondering if you could give some color on that. And then I have a follow-up on your expansion strategy for Ross. 
Michael Balmuth: Sure, David. I think that's right. There's always timing issues between quarters. We did have some pretty good leverage in G&A. But we did take our bonus accrual up in the quarter as well. So I'd say good leverage. There's some timing issues in there. But overall, we're pretty pleased with the result. 
David Glick: Okay, that's helpful. And then in terms of your expansion strategy for the Ross Stores, you opened in Chicago 1 year ago. How do we think about how you fill in the white space as you move across pretty vast area where you don't have stores? Is your strategy to be expanding into more contiguous markets? Or could you kind of leapfrog around to various parts of that white space? 
Michael O'Sullivan: We -- that's something we look at all the time in terms of [indiscernible] availability and new markets to move into. Right now, our focus is on the new markets we've moved into, such as Chicago and building our scale in those markets. I'd rather not comment in terms of the next markets that we would go to after that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with The Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: Two very quick questions. On dd's, as you open stores, should we expect to see a similar growth regionally as the way you rolled out Ross Stores still with the cluster approach and across the Southern tier before you would hit someplace like the Midwest? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. Well, I can't -- a couple of things. One thing for sure is that the approach that we took at Ross, historically, was a very targeted approach, where we pick one market and we move to another market and we move to another market, rather than sort of a shotgun, sort of scattergun kind of approach. We've always tried to be much more focused to build scale in the markets that we're in before we move on. And I think you can certainly expect the same thing in terms of dd's. 
Marni Shapiro: Excellent. And then following on the heels of the last question, is there any thought over a longer period of time of moving into either Canada or secondary or not-obvious markets, like maybe outlet malls? 
Michael O'Sullivan: On your first question about other country that's nationally, no, not right now. Our priority right now is to make good news within the United States. We're only in just around about 30 states. So until we've expanded into a greater number of states within the U.S., I don't think we're really going to look internationally. 
John Call: And relative to outlet malls, I don't have the number with me, but we are in several outlet malls. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: As you think about new markets, how do you see the performance in new markets? Anything being done differently in terms of size of store, timeframe to return, logistics in getting those stores accepted in a quicker manner? And lastly, with the strength of the comp that you've been having lately, any way to track how much of the business of the traffic is from new customers, how much is from existing customers? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Dana, on the first thing, markets. We've put a lot of work into preparing for our entry into new markets, and we certainly went back and looked at what we've learned from previous new markets that we entered. And I think there are a number of things that we were able to incorporate into our entry into the Chicago market last year. Those things included just how we factored out setting up an operating team, how we think about marketing. Obviously, we've talked a lot in the past about micro-merchandising and making sure we have better tools to come up with the right assortments as we enter new markets. So I think there are whole host of things that went into preparing for the new market entry. On the second part of your question, new customers versus existing customers. We know that -- from our own research, we do know that our comp growth has been driven by a combination of new customers and existing customers spending more or coming to the store more often. So it's really a combination of both of those. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez from Nomura. 
Paul Lejuez: I was just wondering about the packaway strategy at dd's. How does that compare to Ross Stores? Is it a larger or smaller percentage of the total inventory at any given time? 
John Call: It's smaller. 
Operator: I'm showing there are no further questions on the line. I'll turn the call back to Mr. Balmuth. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-16 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Ross Stores First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectation about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2011 Form 10-K and fiscal 2012 Form 8-Ks on file with the SEC.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bobbi Chaville, Senior Director, Investor Relations. 
 We will begin with a brief review of our first quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year. We'll conclude with some comments about our longer-term growth prospects. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.
 We are pleased with our much better-than-expected financial results in the first quarter. Our robust sales and earnings were driven mainly by our ongoing ability to deliver a wide array of fresh and exciting name-brand bargains to today's value-focused consumers. In addition, we believe that favorable weather across many of our markets also contributed to our above-planned performance. Our ability to operate our business with lower in-store inventories and strictly controlled expenses also continued to enhance both sales and profit margins.
 Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended April 28, 2012 were $0.93, up from a split-adjusted $0.74 in the prior year. These results represent a 26% increase on top of a 28% gain in the same period last year. Net earnings for the 2012 first quarter grew 21% to $208.6 million. Sales rose 14% to $2,357,000,000, with comparable store sales up 9% on top of 3% growth in the first quarter of 2011. Merchandise and geographic trends were broad-based. Juniors and Accessories were the best-performing categories, while Florida remained the top region. 
 Earnings before interest and taxes grew to a record 14.4% of sales, up about 70 basis points on top of an exceptional 160-basis point increase in the prior year. Our improved profit margin versus last year was driven primarily by leverage on expenses from the strong gains in same-store sales and higher merchandise gross margin. John will provide some additional color on these operating margin trends in a few minutes.
 As we entered the first quarter, total consolidated inventories declined about 3% compared to the prior year, mainly due to lower packaway levels that were about 45% of total inventories, down from 48% at this time last year. More importantly, average in-store inventory declined about 9%. For the balance of the year, we are targeting a mid-single-digit percentage decrease in selling store inventories compared to 2011. 
 Like Ross, dd's is also benefiting from our ability to flow a larger percentage of fresh product to our stores by operating on lower inventory levels. dd's above-planned sales and margin in the first quarter reflect that its merchandise offerings continue to resonate well with its value-focused customers. Our store expansion program is on track, with a total of about 80 locations scheduled to open during 2012, comprised of 60 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS. 
 Now John will provide further color on our first quarter results and details on our second quarter 2012 guidance. 
John Call: Thank you, Michael. Our 9% comparable store sales gain in the first quarter was driven by mid-single-digit growth in the number of transactions, combined with the low-single-digit increase in the size of the average basket. Again, operating margin grew by about 70 basis points in the quarter to 14.4%. Leverage on the robust 9% comparable store sales gain drove a 55 basis point reduction in selling, general and administrative expenses, while cost of goods sold as a percent of sales was 15 basis points lower than the prior year. 
 Merchandise margin grew by 35 basis points, including 10 basis points from a lower shrink accrual, while occupancy expenses levered by about 20 basis points. These favorable trends more than offset higher distribution costs of 20 basis points related to packaway timing and 10-basis point increases each in freight and buying cost. The 55 basis points of improved SG&A was driven mainly by lower store expenses as a percent of sales. 
 During the first quarter, we repurchased 2 million shares for a total purchase price of $111 million. We remain on track to buy back a total of $450 million in common stock during fiscal 2012 to complete the 2-year $900 million program authorized in early 2011. 
 Let's turn now to our second quarter guidance. For the 13 weeks ending July 28, 2012, we now are targeting in-store sales to increase 3% to 4% on top of a 5% gain in the prior year. Second quarter 2012 earnings per share are forecast to be in the range of $0.72 to $0.75. This represents projected EPS growth of 13% to 17% on top of a 20% increase in the prior --  in the second quarter of 2011. 
 Our second quarter 2012 EPS targets are based on the following assumptions: Total sales are expected to grow about 8% to 9%, driven by a combination of new store growth and as I just mentioned, same-store sales  are forecast to be up 3% to 4%. We plan to open about 28 net new stores during the period, including 21 Ross Dress for Less and 7 dd's DISCOUNTS. Comparable store sales are forecast to increase 4% to 5% in May, 3% to 4% in June and 2% to 3% in July. Last year, same-store sales rose 4%, 5% and 7% in May, June and July, respectively. 
 We are targeting operating margin of 11.9% to 12.1% for the 2012 second quarter, up 20 to 40 basis points from 11.7% in last year's second quarter. An increase in merchandise gross margin, combined with leverage on selling, general and administrative cost, is projected to drive the operating margin improvement. Net interest expense is planned to be approximately $2 million, and our tax rate is expected to be about 39%. We also estimate weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about 224 million. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Michael. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. As noted in today's press release, we are raising our 2012 guidance, with earnings per share for the 53 weeks ending February 7, 2013 now forecast to be in the range of $3.26 to $3.37. This compares to our prior guidance of $3.12 to $3.27 and earnings per share of $2.86 in fiscal 2011. The 53rd week in 2012 is projected to add about $0.08 to $0.09 to earnings per share. 
 We are confident in our ability to meet these targets for a couple of reasons. First, we remain well positioned in the off-price space in the current retail environment. Equally important is our strong belief that we can continue to diligently execute the most critical strategic initiatives of our business. These include ongoing investments in our merchandise organization, further reductions to inventories in our stores and our continuing efforts to fine-tune and implement systems and processes that strengthen our ability to get the right merchandise to the right store at the right time. 
 In addition, we are pleased to report that our accelerated growth into new markets for Ross Dress for Less remains on plan. We initially entered Illinois last October with 12 stores in the greater Chicago area, followed by openings in Arkansas and Missouri. During the balance of 2012, we expect to add more locations in these 3 states while also entering Kansas, Kentucky and Indiana for the first time.
 We also are now even more bullish about our total expansion prospects over the longer term. As noted in today's press release, we have increased our long-term projected store potential to 2,500 locations in the United States. Our current in-depth research and proven ability to cluster stores closer together indicate that we can more fully saturate existing and new markets. As a result, we currently believe that Ross Dress for Less can grow to approximately 2,000 locations across the country, up from our prior target of 1,500. We also continue to project that dd's DISCOUNTS can become a chain of about 500 stores. Combined, this means we have the ability, over time, to more than double the size of our company domestically, an exciting prospect. 
 At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: Michael, I'm wondering what analysis, if you could share with us, you performed to assess the real potential of Ross Stores. And obviously, we can look at the map and the geographical exposure and see there's so much more potential here in the United States. But maybe you could just share with us a bit of the analysis behind how you determine the long-term potential for your store base and what was it that in particular drove the update to guidance today. That would be great. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Kimberly, it's Michael O'Sullivan. I'll answer that question. There are really 2 sets of things that we did. The first was we looked at the market that we currently operate in, in terms of number of stores per population, and we looked at broader demographics in terms of in our target customer and how many of our target customer are within each market. And then, we tried to make an assessment of what the real estate opportunities would be in each market. And then, we built it up, so bottom-up market by market to come up with sort of the updated estimate, which, as Michael described, went from 1,500 stores to 2,000. The other point I would make though is we also -- we've taken a look at the success that we've had over the last several years in some of our newer markets, the Southeast and the mid-Atlantic that, again, that gave us confidence in terms of some of the density estimates that we've used to come up with the assessment. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez from Nomura. 
Paul Lejuez: Just wondering when you look at the Chicago market and the 12 stores that you opened in Illinois, how many are hitting plan versus above plan? And I guess, I'm just wondering given that, that market tends to be a little bit more weather-sensitive than some of your other regions, how do you feel you guys did in terms of getting that right product in those stores at the right time? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Paul, as Michael mentioned, we opened 14 stores in October in new markets. 12 of those were in Chicago, and then we opened another 4 in new markets this past March. And so far, I mean, I would caution you, it's still pretty early. I mean, those stores have been opened 6 or 7 months. But so far, we're pretty happy with how the openings have gone. And I'm basing that not just in terms of sales, but also all of the customer research that we've done and feedback that we've had from the customers. So we're pretty happy with how those stores have gone so far. I think the more important point is everything we see in terms of what we've learned in that market sort of reinforces, for us, that we're going to be successful in those new markets long term. So we're feeling pretty good. The final aspect of your question, have we learned anything or seen anything in terms of were there patterns or assortment issues, nothing out of the ordinary. I think we've planned the market pretty well. We feel pretty happy about our plans. Now, there are some tweaks we're going to make to the assortments, but nothing different than what we would do with most new stores. But I think we're pretty happy with how things are going. 
Michael Balmuth: And in terms of a great -- you asked about how we assess our assortments, right, give us a good -- okay, we see a lot of opportunity to keep improving there based on learnings that we've gotten so far, both statistically and visually. 
Paul Lejuez: Got you. And how many of the 500 incremental Ross stores should we look at as being fill-in and more part of a cluster strategy, as opposed to new markets? 
Michael O'Sullivan: The break -- I think we need to go back and look at that breakout, Paul, in terms of which are in existing markets versus which are in new. So let us take a look at that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Patel with Bank of America. 
Rick Patel: So packaway inventories declined on a year-over-year basis as a percentage of total inventory and in dollars. So can you just help us think about the implications of that? Are you seeing less compelling product in the marketplace than you did versus last year? Does it have to do with changes in product cost? And then, how do you expect the packaway inventories to trend as we go through the year? 
Michael Balmuth: It's hard to say how they'll really trend through the year just based upon opportunities. We're seeing buying opportunities that are actually improving significantly as we move through the season. Part of the reason our packaway level is a little below last year is we're, so far, exceeding our sales plans that we've pulled some of that forward into our stores. So I think and some of the product also that might have went to packaway has flowed directly to our stores now. So packaway, keep in mind is some of the best product that we can buy and is close outs. And we expect, based on market conditions that we're seeing at certain levels of retailing, that there's going to be a sizable amount of product, and we're seeing that bust open at this point. 
Rick Patel: Okay, great. And then, a question on your longer-term real estate targets, can you just drill down a little bit and talk about how much -- how many of these locations are A quality versus B and C? And then how should we think about the sales productivity and 4-wall margins of these stores that you can build out over the outer years? 
Michael O'Sullivan: On the first part about breaking out by type of real estate, very hard for us to predict. Obviously, in order to make the cut, in order to sort of be included in our assessment, these would have to be locations that we believe we'd be successful in. Sorry, what was the second part of that, apart from the real estate ratings? 
Rick Patel: Yes, how should we think about sales productivity and 4-wall margins of your incremental stores as you think about the longer-term time horizon? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure, we would expect these stores, over the long term -- obviously, in our first few years, they take a few years to ramp up. But over the long term, we'd expect them to sort of hit our corporate targets and sort of be in line with sort of what we have today. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Klinefelter from Piper Jaffray. 
Jeffrey Klinefelter: Michael, I just had a question on some of the product trends. I mean, Juniors and Accessories standing out as top-performing, I think that's great and in some cases, in contrast to some of the other kind of moderate department stores' own trend. Just curious if that's -- any other context around it or any other detail around it? Tops versus bottoms, are you seeing it broad-based across those categories? And specifically on color, I think we're all hearing about color driving business right now in fashion and some others are kind of caught behind and chasing that color product. Just curious given your packaway business model, how you're dealing with that kind of quickly up-trending product category. 
Michael Balmuth: Okay. Well, color is the key fashion component this season. And in our business, when we really want to get current in color, something like that, that really is done in more upfront product rather than packaway. It wasn't there last year. And in all likelihood, we probably would not be buying into that for packaway for 2 reasons: one, it would be less available; and two, it would be more risky. Of course, the successful colors today aren't necessarily going to be the right ones for next spring when you have the fashion shift that we're going through. So the color is driving the business in the areas you said and beyond in the store. 
Jeffrey Klinefelter: Okay. And then, in terms of just keeping up with that and potentially chasing it into -- all the way through the summer, eventually into fall, that's something that you feel very comfortable you can keep up with, with upfront buys in your current market? 
Michael Balmuth: To a degree, to a degree, okay? Those -- so where we've seen the fashion trends early enough and we're able to buy into it, the answer is obviously yes, and there are certain pockets where we didn't. Remember, the market is -- on color, there's a certain level of clothes out that are available, and it's probably not enough to fill everyone's pipeline. So we think we'll have an adequate level, okay? It's probably the best way to answer it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evren Kopelman from Wells Fargo. 
Evren Kopelman: I wanted to ask about -- what's impressive is your ability to run your stores and comp positively with the lower inventory levels. Can you talk about what kind of changes you have made so far in your supply chain and distribution? Is there further investments you need to make to continue with the strategy? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Evren, it's Michael O'Sullivan. In terms of additional investments, I think we've mentioned before that over the next few years, we expect to open up a couple of major additional distribution centers to keep pace with our growth. So that's the forward-looking piece. In terms of the changes we've made over the last 5 or 6 years, we've made a number of adjustments to how we process goods in our DCs and how we flow those goods from the DCs to the stores to try and speed up that process and get that in-transit time down as low as possible. And I think that certainly contributed to our ability to carry that inventory in the stores. 
Michael Balmuth: I would also add that the investment in dollars and processes and people that we put in place in planning at a more localized level also has helped to make our ability to turn our merchandise faster and have the right product in the right store at the right time possible. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adrianne Shapira from Goldman Sachs. 
Adrianne Shapira: I was just wondering -- I mean, we obviously saw a clear step function, higher in your comp growth this quarter to the 9% range. I'm just wondering if you could shed some light what you're seeing out there on the competitive landscape. Clearly, we're seeing some share shifts across the mid-tier department stores -- what you're seeing, and is there anything that you can read where you're getting a disproportionate share in terms of overlap with some key competitors? 
Michael Balmuth: I think that overlap of share is hard for us to quantify. I think we're fortunate in our performance that we had for the first quarter. Certainly, weather aided us and as you said, some shifts that are going on in the mid-tier. We think about this, although it's hard to quantify. 
Michael O'Sullivan: The one thing for sure, with a 9% comp we're obviously -- we are pulling in customers. We're pulling in business from someone. But as Michael said, it's hard for us to give you a breakout of where that's coming from. 
Adrianne Shapira: And then, just following on that, given that there does seem to be some shifting in the competitive landscape, what, if anything, are you seeing in terms of the pricing structure? Are you seeing a more intense, progressive response as everyone is looking to grab some of that available share? 
Michael Balmuth: I think pricing is pretty aggressive out there. I think it's a fairly promotional time frame. I don't -- I think people are, as you said, trying to grab share from -- and trying to position themselves in the shifts that are going on. 
Adrianne Shapira: And so then the follow-on to that is, given that aggressive environment, how do you think about merchandise margins going forward for the remainder of the year? 
John Call: So we'd look to take our inventories down probably in the single-digit stature, and that should help us with turn and clearance balances, so you'll see a positive there. I'd also remind everyone that in the third quarter over the past several years, we have had nice baskets from our shrink results. We haven't planned any such benefit this year over and above our accruals. So having said that, those 2 elements for the remainder of the year -- for the year would see our gross margins being flattish. Merchandise margins being flattish, assuming we don't do better in shrink than we have planned. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Canaccord Genuity. 
Laura Champine: I just had a question about the timing of the disclosure that you have more square footage opportunity than we'd previously thought. And also, Michael, you mentioning the new states where you're operating, should we be thinking about a step-up in the percentage growth for your store units as we move into 2013 and beyond? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Laura, I mean, right now there's 2 pieces. So in terms of the store potential that Michael referenced, the 1,500 stores to 2,000 stores. Obviously, that's our long-term potential, and we look at that periodically. And based upon a number of factors over the last few years, we felt that it was appropriate to raise that number. Now there's a separate issue which you're referencing, which is our unit count growth or our store count growth. And that's been running at around about 6% to 7% per year, so about 70 stores -- 70 new stores a year, which is what we'll open this year. And again, separately, we look at that periodically, and from time to time, we'd watch if we hit. I think it's unlikely that we'd make any radical changes to that number. For your modeling process, it's unlikely that, that would change radically. But it's certainly possible that it would get tweaked over time. But those 2 things are separate assumptions, separate issues. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Mann with Johnson Rice. 
David Mann: In terms of the dd's performance, can you update any details of how they're doing and what kind of contribution we should expect this year? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So David, as you know, dd's has been fairly profitable for the last couple of years, it's been accretive to our earnings. And dd's in 2011 saw a pretty significant increase in profitability. dd's has benefited from a similar approach to what we've taken at Ross in terms of lowering inventory levels and using that to drive margins and drive sales. So given that improved profitability, we've seen that continue into Q1, and we expect dd's contribution to continue to improve in 2012. 
David Mann: And John, the distribution cost issue tied to packaway, how should we think about that in the guidance for the rest of the year? 
John Call: So we had a 20-basis point exposure in the first quarter based on the packaway timing. As we look to the year, we see costs being relatively flat, and we don't see -- again, if packaway comes in as planned, although we're optimistic about what those levels might be. But if it comes in as we have it planned, we see really no impact in any significant quarter throughout the year. 
David Mann: And in -- one last question on freight costs, do you now expect that to delever this year? 
John Call: Slightly. So we're up against some headwinds in freight. Fuel is up a bit. First quarter, we had some mix issues. But I think we've got some slight headwinds in freight. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with The Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: If you could just -- I believe you mentioned that the basket was up. I was just curious if you're seeing that more in units or if its cost per unit -- the number of units or cost per unit. And if you can just talk a little bit about traffic. Are you seeing your core consumer come in more frequently? Or are you still seeing new customers come into the store? 
Michael Balmuth: In terms of the first piece of that, Marni, we're seeing actually the basket of the FG [ph] in retails are up a little bit, but most of it is -- the preponderance of it is based on traffic. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And in terms of the traffic itself, Marni, it's a mix. It's new customers and existing customers that are coming to the store more often or spending more when they come to the store. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Jaffe from Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Richard Jaffe: Just as a follow-on, obviously, margins are improving despite a little bit of a decline in the packaway, your best business, as you described it, your highest margin merchandise category. And so I'm wondering what's changed in your buying methodology or what you see different in the marketplace that's helping you fuel some significant improvement in the merchandise margins, not only good but even better to offset some of the costs on the freight buying side. 
Michael Balmuth: I'm not -- could you repeat that question? 
Richard Jaffe: Why are the merchandise margins up so much? 
Michael Balmuth: That would be good bargain. 
John Call: I think, also, Richard, inventories were down, turns are faster. So clearance is down and we had lower markdowns. So that trend has continued, and we expect it will continue in the future. As it relates to packaway, as Michael alluded to, we were chasing a nice comp in the quarter, so we used some of that packaway to chase back to that comp. Our philosophy around packaway hasn't changed. 
Richard Jaffe: I understand, it just -- it means that your buying was even better. And I'm just trying to understand at what end of the equation was it better, in the marketplace or in the stores, the faster turns. 
Michael Balmuth: It's a combination. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roxanne Meyer from UBS. 
Roxanne Meyer: A couple of questions. I'm just curious, Juniors has been strong for a while now, and I'm just wondering if the spread has been widening lately between Juniors and some of your other categories. Or have you seen pretty much broad-based strength in your recent comp acceleration? And then, as it relates to your expansion strategy, are there any major markets included now that weren't there before? And do you have any plans to change average store size? 
Michael Balmuth: Juniors has been strong for a while, and its distance from other business is relatively constant. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then in terms of expansion markets. The answer to your question is no, there's no additional markets that weren't there before. I mean, we're in -- we're currently in 29 states. As you can imagine, to get to the 2,000 stores that Michael described as our sort of estimated full potential, we have a plan to sort of over time expand into additional markets and additional states. But there's no real change to, I guess, that sequence in terms of which markets we're moving to first. And then in terms of the average store size, we frequently look at average store size, and we actually prefer [ph] to be flexible based upon real estate availability about store size that we'll take. But no major changes to average store size at this point. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Mark Montagna from Avondale Partners. 
Mark Montagna: I've got 2 questions. Was wondering, regarding demographics, are you seeing any changes in terms of your customer demographic with regard to age and income? And then also, with the 2,000 store count, does that include any expansion towards more rural-type locations? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Mark, in terms of demographics, we slice and dice our business all the time by demographic: age, income, ethnicity, et cetera. No real call-outs there. I think we're pretty happy with how we're doing across various demographic segments. What all of our customers have in common is they love a bargain, no matter what the demographics are. And consequently, our business has been driven -- has been broad based in terms of the customer mix. The second part of your question in terms of getting to the 2,000 store count potential, I would say that the mix of urban and rural stores would be much the same as it is for our chain at the moment. I mean, we're not -- it doesn't represent any kind of [indiscernible] in terms of that mix to get to the full potential. 
Mark Montagna: Again, by rural, what I'm talking about is more taking a step further out in your normal geography. So you're not taking any further step out to smaller towns than is normal? 
Michael O'Sullivan: There's no assumption of that in the estimates that we've given, no. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tunick with JPMorgan. 
Brian Tunick: Two questions. I guess, was curious if you could maybe talk about the differences in the 4-wall margins between the dd's and Ross and sort of what would be the differences in margin there. And then, maybe also on the third quarter, are you guys updating your guidance at all on how you think the shrink will play out given how strong your inventory turns and your above-planned sales have been here in Q1? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. On the dd's piece, Brian, dd's 4-wall contribution is very similar at a store level to Ross, and let me define 4-wall contribution as strictly 4-wall, gross margin, less store-related expenses. When you do that math for a dd's store and you do that math for a Ross store, you end up with a very similar number. 
John Call: And Brian, as it relates to Q3 and quite frankly, the back half of the year, we would typically update that and review that with our second quarter earnings call when we have more visibility in that period. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick McKeever from MKM Partners. 
Patrick McKeever: Understanding that it is difficult to say where the market share gains are coming from, are you seeing stronger sales at stores that are located near a Penney store or in markets where Penney's has more stores? 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Patrick, I think that's a good question. So that is something we've looked at. I go back to a point we were talking about a moment ago. With a 9% comp, we know we're taking share from somewhere. As we've looked at where it's coming from -- so think about the retail market, your power retail market, is it's very fragmented from a competitive point of view, so the customer has lots of choices, lots of places they can shop for value. So we know if we deliver value to the customers, we'll draw shoppers. We'll draw customers from a range of different retailers. To answer your question, as we've looked at our stores that are near a J.C. Penney or near other mid-tier stores, they're doing very well. So we also look at our stores that aren't near J.C. Penney and they're doing very well, too. So it's hard for us to give you an exclusive answer in terms of quantifying where we're getting our share gains. Suffice to say that with a 9% comp, they're coming from somewhere. 
Patrick McKeever: Have you or do you plan to do -- to make any adjustments in your marketing to pick up more share or to go more aggressively after those customers? 
Michael Balmuth: No. Our marketing position is just working. 
Patrick McKeever: And then, just a second quick one, product costs. I mean, we're hearing from other retailers about some declines they're looking into the back half of the year, maybe in the mid-single-digit area. I mean, is that consistent? Are you seeing any -- that same kind of dynamic? I mean does that... 
Michael Balmuth: Of course, in many categories, not all. And in some cases, it can be a little better than that; other cases, not quite as much. I mean, labor costs are going up. Much of our product is going up. In some cases, that mitigates some of it. So it's a little bit of a mixed bag, but we are seeing some modest improvement. 
Patrick McKeever: And you would view that as favorable to your model? 
Michael Balmuth: No. Remember, we price off -- we have to price off of how mainstream retailers are pricing. So if they drop their prices accordingly, then it really doesn't mean much for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: You mentioned in the new store targets you're talking about that some of the stores are going to be put closer together. How are you modeling -- or size of stores, sales productivity of stores, how should we think about the breakeven cost to open stores in this new prototype for both concepts? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Dana, in terms of getting to that 2,000 store potential, we actually haven't made an assumption that stores will necessarily be denser in that style. What we've done is we've looked at places where we don't have stores or places where we have opportunity to backfill [ph] stores. And based upon what we already know in terms of how many Ross Stores a certain market can support and based on what we already know about Ross store volumes and the possibility of those stores, that's how we built up the 2,000. We haven't stretched it out and said can we load in even more stores than we currently operate in certain markets or can we achieve sales productivity levels that we don't currently achieve. We've really modeled it on what we've already achieved in terms of individual store performance. And then as I said, we looked at places where we don't have stores or places where we know we have backfill [ph] opportunities for additional stores. 
Dana Telsey: Is there a time frame to get to this number? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Well, we have approximately 1,100 stores right now. Given that our pace of new store growth is around 70 stores a year, to get to 2,000, it's a long way off before we would -- before we hit that potential. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Hofkin from William Blair & Company. 
Daniel Hofkin: I guess just one follow-up question to, I think, Brian's question about the guidance. Taking up the full year guidance by, I think, roughly $0.03 additional above and beyond what you beat the first quarter by from your original guidance, is that primarily just with a strong visibility here early in the second quarter? Or is there something else that's playing into that? That would be my first question. 
John Call: Sure. So we guided the year to 1 to 2 comp. With our first quarter results and our anticipated second quarter comp, that would put the year to 3 to 4 comp. So it's really a function of first quarter results and our anticipated second quarter results that is informing us on what the total year may look like. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And with regard to margins and product costs and your comment earlier about the promotional pricing environment, are you seeing that -- you described it as intense, are you seeing it as more intense than, I guess, the preholiday period last year? 
Michael Balmuth: No, no, no. Preholiday last year was a whole another world, okay? This is more intense than a year ago at this time. 
Daniel Hofkin: When I say preholiday, I guess, I mean prior to the fourth quarter of last year in other words. 
Michael Balmuth: It's a little more intense than that, yes. Yes. 
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. But you feel like from a product -- given that you need to price on a relative basis compared to full price, do you feel like on a relative basis the product cost picture, the procurement cost is favorable enough that the spread is neutral, would you say? Or how would you describe that? 
Michael Balmuth: It's neutral to favorable. 
Operator: I'm showing there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn it back over for any closing comments. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, all, for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores, and have a great day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-03-14 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Ross Stores Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management, followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 
 Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2010 Form 10-K, fiscal 2011 Form 10-Qs and fiscal 2011 and 2012 form 8-Ks on file with the SEC. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to you, Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bobbi Chaville, Senior Director, Investor Relations. We'll begin with a review of our fourth quarter and 2011 performance, followed by our outlook for 2012. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 
 We are very pleased with our robust sales and earnings in the fourth quarter and fiscal year of 2011, especially considering they were achieved on top of strong multi-year gains. Our healthy revenue growth continues to be driven mainly by our ability to deliver compelling bargains on a wide assortment of exciting name-brand fashions for the family and the home to today's increasingly value-focused consumers. In addition, we continued to operate our business on lower in-store inventories, which benefited profit margin by driving faster turns and lower markdowns. It also enhanced sales by increasing the percentage of fresh merchandise in our stores. 
 Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended January 28, 2012 were $0.85, up from $0.69 for the 13 weeks ended January 29, 2011. These results represent a 23% increase on top of 18% and 53% gains in the fourth quarters of 2010 and 2009, respectively. Net earnings for the 2011 fourth quarter grew 19% to $192 million. For the 52 weeks ended January 28, 2012, earnings per share were $2.86, up 24% on top of 31% and 52% gains in fiscal 2010 and 2009. Net earnings for fiscal 2011 increased 18% to $657.2 million. 
 Fourth quarter sales rose 12% to $2,398,000,000, with comparable store sales up 7% on top of 4% and 10% gains in the fourth quarter of the prior 2 years. For the full year, total sales grew 9% to $8,608,000,000, with same store sales up 5% on top of 5% and 6% increases in 2010 and 2009, respectively. 
 Juniors and Shoes were the best-performing merchandise categories for the quarter. For the full year, strongest businesses were Dresses, Shoes and Juniors. 
 Geographic trends were broad-based with all regions posting solid same-store sales increases for both the quarter and the year. Florida was the top region for both periods. 
 Earnings before interest and taxes for the 2011 fourth quarter grew to 13% of sales, up about 70 basis points on top of 60 and 260 basis point increases in the prior 2 years. For fiscal 2011, operating margin rose to a record 12.4%, up 85 basis points on top of 140 and 250 basis point gains in fiscal 2010 and 2009, respectively. Our improved profit margins for both the quarter and the full year were driven primarily by a combination of higher merchandise gross margin, lower shortage costs and leverage on operating expenses from the strong gain in same-store sales. John will provide some additional color on these operating margin trends in a few minutes. 
 As we ended the fourth quarter, total consolidated inventories were up about 4% compared to the prior year mainly due to higher packaway levels that were about 49% of total inventories, up from 47% at this time last year. In-store inventories were down, on an average, about 7% in 2011 on top of double-digit declines in the prior 3 years. 
 Our expansion plans remained on track as we added 49 net new Ross Stores during the quarter. As previously mentioned on our November earnings call, this growth included our initial entry into the Midwest region in October, with the opening of 12 new Ross Dress for Less stores in the greater Chicago area. As planned, we also accelerated new store growth at dd's DISCOUNTS in 2011, adding 21 locations and ending the year with 88 stores in 7 states. This business continued to deliver solid sales in 2011 and had a significant -- and had significant gains in operating profit compared to 2010 when it realized its first year of positive earnings. Similar to Ross, dd's has benefited from our ability to deliver a faster flow of fresh and exciting product to our stores while operating on lower inventory levels. 
 Now let's talk about our financial condition. Operating cash flows provided the resources to make capital investments in new store growth and infrastructure, as well as fund our ongoing stock repurchase and dividend programs. In November, we announced a 2-for-1 stock split, and more recently, in January 2012, our Board of Directors raised the quarterly cash dividend 27% to $0.14 per share. This represented the 18th consecutive annual dividend increase since the program was initiated in 1994. Our recent stock split and ongoing stock repurchase and dividend programs reflect our commitment to enhance stockholder returns. They also demonstrate confidence in our continued ability to achieve our growth targets while generating significant amounts of excess cash after self-funding the capital needs of our business. 
 Now John will provide further color on our fourth quarter results and details on our first quarter and fiscal year 2012 guidance. 
John Call: Thank you, Michael. Our 7% comparable store sales gain in the fourth quarter was driven by mid single-digit growth in a number of transactions, combined with a low single-digit increase in the size of the average basket. Again, operating margin grew by about 70 basis points in the quarter to 13%. 
 Cost of goods sold improved by 5 basis points, benefiting from a 35 basis point increase in merchandise margin, including 15 basis points of lower shrink expense. Other positive drivers included 35 basis points of lower distribution costs and 30 basis points of leverage on occupancy. These favorable trends were partially offset by 50 basis points in higher buying costs, mainly due to the timing of incentive expenses versus last year and 45 basis points of increased shrink expense primarily from higher rates and fuel costs versus last year. 
 Leverage on the strong 7% comparable store sales gain in the quarter drove a 65 basis point reduction in selling, general and administrative costs. Store operating expenses declined by about 40 basis points, while G&A costs were 25 basis points lower. As Michael mentioned, for fiscal 2011, operating margin rose to a record 12.4%, up 85 basis points over the prior year. Total cost of goods sold improved by 35 basis points, mainly due to a 50 basis point gain in merchandise gross margin, which included a 15 basis point benefit from lower shrink and 20 basis points of occupancy leverage. These favorable gains were partially offset by slight increases in freight, distribution and buying expenses of 2010 and 5 basis points, respectively.  Selling, general and administrative costs for the year improved by 50 basis points as the 5% increase in comparable store sales levered both store and G&A expenses. 
 Turning to our stock buyback program. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 2.2 million shares for a total purchase price of $107 million. For the 2011 fiscal year, we repurchased 11.3 million shares for a total price of $450 million, representing 1/2 of our 2-year $900 million authorization. We expect to complete, as planned, the remaining $450 million in fiscal year 2012. We opened 70 net new stores in fiscal 2011, ending the year with 1,037 Ross Dress for Less stores in 29 states and, as Michael mentioned, 88 dd's DISCOUNTS in 7 states. 
 Now I'll spend a few moments summarizing the underlying assumptions that support our 2012 EPS targets. A more detailed version is available in the written transcript of our January sales release recorded comments in the Investors section of our corporate website. 
 Our fiscal year 2012 earnings per share forecast of $3.12 to $3.27 was based on projected sales growth of 7% to 8% for the 53 weeks ending February 2, 2013, compared to the 52 weeks ended January 28, 2012. This top line growth is forecast to be mainly driven by a 6% to 7% increase in the net number of stores and 1% to 2% growth in same store sales. Our forecasted store growth for 2012 includes about 60 new or relocated Ross Dress for Less and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. About 1/3 of these stores are targeted to open in new markets. These openings do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores. 
 Our fiscal 2012 EBIT target is 12.5% to 12.7%, including an approximate 20 basis point benefit from the 53rd week. This suggests that operating margin on a 52-week basis will be relatively flat to 2012 compared to 2011. A modest increase in merchandise gross margin, driven by a mid single-digit decline in selling store inventories throughout the year, is expected to be offset by some slight deleveraging of buying and occupancy costs from the forecasted 1% to 2% gain in same store sales. We also expect somewhat lower selling, general and administrative costs as a percent of sales mainly due to a projected decline in incentive costs compared to last year. Net interest expense is expected to be about $8 million. Our tax rate is planned to be approximately 38%, and we expect an approximate 3% to 4% decline in average diluted shares outstanding to about 223 million. 
 Our first quarter guidance that we issued at the beginning of February was for same store sales to be up 1% to 2%. We also projected earnings per share to be in the range of $0.82 to $0.86, up 11% to 16% from $0.74 in the fiscal quarter of 2011. Earlier this month, we reported a much better-than-expected same store sales gain of 9% for February. That was aided by favorable weather throughout most of our markets. And with most of the quarter ahead of us, we reiterated our forecast for same store sales to be up 1% to 2% in both March and April. 
 Now I'll turn the call back to Michael for some closing comments. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. Again, we are pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter and fiscal year of 2011. Despite exceedingly tough multi-year comparisons for both periods, we were able to achieve solid growth in sales and earnings. We continue to benefit from an increased focus on value by consumers, combined with the diligent execution of a number of strategies we have implemented throughout the company. Our top priority, of course, is continuing to strengthen our ability to acquire terrific name-brand bargains for our stores. To achieve this, we are making further investments in our merchandise organization. This is the key to both maximizing our access to the best opportunities for products and further expanding our very large vendor base. 
 We also believe there is still room for additional reductions in selling store inventories. Today, these levels are almost 40% lower than just 4 years ago, and we are targeting an additional mid single-digit percentage decrease for 2012. Operating with less product in our stores has benefited merchandise margin due to fewer markdowns. Turning our merchandise faster has also enhanced sales by increasing the percentage of fresh merchandise in front of our customers. 
 Our planning and allocation systems and processes have been rolled out for 2 full years now. They are helping us do a better job of getting the right merchandise to the right store at the right time. Planning and allocating at a much more detailed level is more important than ever today, especially with less inventory in our stores. 
 Our performance has also benefited from our shortage control program, which has resulted today in record low levels of shrink. In addition, we have implemented numerous productivity enhancements and efficiencies throughout the business to drive down costs in our distribution centers, stores organization and back-office functions. All of this gives us the confidence to continue to target, over the longer term, average annual earnings per share growth of 10% to 15%. The formula for achieving this is a combination of unit growth, annual increases in same store sales and reductions in shares from our ongoing stock repurchase programs. 
 At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Jeff Stein with Northcoast Research. 
Jeffrey Stein: A couple of questions for you. First of all, you had a very sharp jump in capital spending this past year, and I'm wondering if you can just talk about your plans for CapEx for the next couple of years. And then I do have one follow-up question. 
John Call: So, Jeff, you're right. As far as CapEx is concerned, we did increase that spending in 2011, up from 2010. And our estimates for 2012 are around $450 million, and there's a couple of drivers. One is the types of stores we're building now tend to require more capital because we are taking up a possession of the build-out of those stores as the capital markets have pretty much put a crimp on development of shopping centers. The second piece is in the distribution area, we are beginning to plan the build-out of a couple of new distribution centers in the future years. So that is taking a bit more of CapEx as we get those activities ramped up and going. And also in the fourth quarter of this year, we've purchased corporate headquarters and we purchased another store, so that added to some CapEx as well. So I would expect... 
Jeffrey Stein: Okay. So are you actually taking ownership of the stores? 
John Call: We don't. On one store, we had a pretty significant opportunity where we actually did buy the store, but that's really the exception to what we do. We only own a couple of the 1,000 or more stores that we operate. 
Jeffrey Stein: Got it. And just a question for Mike. Wondering if e-commerce is in your future? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Actually, I'll take that, Jeff. It's Michael O'Sullivan. E-commerce is an area that we've certainly looked at very closely. Our assessment is that currently, it's very hard for an off-price business to make money in e-commerce, especially at the price points that we operate at. But it's something that we're going to continue to look at. And if a model starts to emerge online, where we think that might change and where we think we can make money, it's certainly something we'll take a closer look at. I would say, though, that our priority right now is rather than online is actually our off-line, sort of bricks-and-mortar business where we know the returns are very strong and we have attractive growth opportunities. So that's really the focus for us, off-line rather than online. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez from Nomura Securities. 
Tracy Kogan: It's Tracy Kogan filling in for Paul. Two questions. You guys guided the merch margin in F '12 to be up slightly. Do you expect all of that to come from better inventory management, or are you seeing any benefit on the cost side of things as you're placing your buys? And then the second question is can you tell us what your guidance for F '12 assumes for distribution costs and whether you're assuming that packaway levels stay kind of where they are now or if the packaway is going to flow out the stores? 
John Call: So I'll address that latter part of that question first, Tracy. Our packaway levels, we have planned kind of in the neighborhood of where we are currently. We don't see that movement up or down. Having said that, as we know from our past, that as bargains become available, we want to take advantage of those bargains, so there tends to be some variation to whatever those plans might be, if they -- those buys are totally opportunistic. As are -- and what was the first part of your question related to merchandise margin, Tracy? 
Tracy Kogan: Merchandise margin, and if you're seeing anything on the cost side? 
John Call: Yes. So from a merchandising margin standpoint, the plan for 2012 really contemplates us managing inventories tighter. We think we can manage inventories down into mid single-digit levels, which should deliver out better markdown performance. So that's what we're anticipating in 2012. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evren Kopelman from Wells Fargo. 
Maren Kasper: It's Maren Kasper in for Evren. I was hoping you guys could elaborate a little bit on the new markets and specifically Chicago, if you can talk to what you're seeing in those markets. Are you seeing any discrepancies from the current chain in terms of traffic and conversion? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Okay, I'll try to answer that. It's Michael O'Sullivan again. Yes, it's very early in the new markets. We've only been -- those stores have only been open around 5 months. So in terms of your specific question on any unusual trends around tickets or traffic, nothing to call out, no. There's nothing out of line in terms of what we're seeing in the new markets versus the rest of the chain. What I would say is everything we've seen so far in terms of sales performance, customer research and just customer feedback, sort of reinforces our belief that we're going to be successful in those markets long term. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Patel from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Rick Patel: Can you provide us a little bit more detail on the profitability for dd's, perhaps talk about the contribution to operating profit or earnings, and also touch upon the strategy for that segment this year? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sorry, Rick, you were a bit faint. Could you just repeat that question? 
Rick Patel: Sorry, sorry about that. Can you give us a little bit more details on dd's? Just talk about the contribution to operating profit or earnings and also touch upon what the strategy is for this year? And as we think out -- as we think about that segment longer term, how many more stores do you think you need in order to really start ramping up the contribution to earnings? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Okay. I'll take the first part of that in terms of performance. Dd's, as Michael mentioned in his remarks, dd's had a very solid sales performance in 2011, beating our internal plans, or perhaps more notably, had a very strong profit performance last year. And that profit performance was driven primarily by margins, which, in turn, were driven by lower inventories and our sort of fresher supply of goods to the store, similar strategy to what we've used at Ross over the last few years. So we've been very happy with dd's performance. I don't expect -- segueing into the next part of your question, I don't expect any major changes to strategy at dd's. We're pretty happy with the strategic direction of that business. We'll make -- obviously, we'll make adjustments and improvements to the assortment or to operations as we identify areas for improvement. But no major changes. We're pretty happy with the direction. 
Rick Patel: Okay. And then a question on category performance. It seems like Shoes and Juniors have outperformed for some time now. Can you just talk a little bit more about what you think is driving the strength there? And as you think about 2012, do you see those same categories continuing to outperform? Or do you see other categories that are emerging as the leaders? 
Michael Balmuth: Okay. I think there have been very good opportunities in the market, and there's been good market direction in both those businesses. And your last part of that question was do we see those businesses being strong in 2012 also? The answer would be yes. 
Rick Patel: And do you see other categories also emerging to be just as strong? 
Michael Balmuth: I see other categories emerging to be strong. Just as strong, I'm not so sure. They've been very -- these 2 categories have been very, very strong. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tunick with JPMorgan. 
Brian Tunick: I guess first, for Michael, just curious if you think the J.C. Penney customer overlaps with your customer? And could there be an opportunity given their new pricing strategy and maybe some market share for you there? And then maybe if John could talk a little more about the third quarter shrink reserve guidance, just maybe walk us through what's happening here? It's clearly the #1 thing. We get a lot of questions about regarding your guidance for the year. 
Michael Balmuth: Okay. In general, we don't comment on other retailers’ business models or strategies. But do we overlap with Penney's customers? I would say we do. I don't have a number off the top of my mind right now. But certainly, any dislocations in supply that any -- that create some uncertainties in this whole supply line usually are a good thing for Ross price. So that's how I look at the Penney situation. It's really kind of a watch-and-see. And virtually, every department store customer or most department store customers, there is some overlap with our pricing. 
John Call: So as to shortage, Brian, we take our fiscal inventory in the third quarter, and then we'll adjust whatever our accrual rate was during the third quarter. For the first couple of quarters of this year, we expect about a 10 basis point improvement. That's just based on what we will accrue. And then the third quarter, we'll take inventory. For the plan for the year, because we have record low levels of that shortage, we're not anticipating any benefit to be derived out of shortage this year. While over the past several years, we have had very, very good outstanding shortage as a result. So that's not dialed into anything this year because of where we currently are. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan... 
John Call: Does that make sense? [ph] Whenever we're down 200 or whenever we have like down 100... 
Katie Loughnot: Can we get the next question, please? 
Operator: Next question, from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger: I wanted to understand dd's. It reached profitability in 2011. Can you share with us your longer-term vision and what you view as store potential for that concept? And at a -- on a 4-wall basis, I think you had commented previously that dd's was just about in line with Ross Stores or perhaps in line with Ross Stores. If you could just update us on the economics of dd's, that would be terrific. Lastly, 45 basis points of freight expense or I guess it was deleveraged in Q4. Can you just remind us when you start to anniversary those higher freight and fuel costs in your P&L in 2012? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Okay. Kimberly, you're right, dd's actually became profitable in 2010, and its profitability improved further in 2011. So we're very happy with its profit performance in 2011. In terms of our store potential, we believe that this concept can grow to about 500 stores. And in terms of 4-wall profitability, you're right. As we've commented in the past, if you look on a 4-wall basis, and by that, I mean if you take gross margin and subtract all store-related expenses, dd's is comparably profitable to a Ross Store. So that actually gives us encouragement that as dd's build scale over time, this is going to be an attractive business. 
John Call: So, Kimberly, as to the freight question, a couple of drivers in that increase. Obviously, rate has something to do with that. We're looking at fuel pricing this year, which has to be determined on what costs will be. We have anticipating fuel going up to some extent but we'll have to see where it goes this year. So it's a bit of a headwind for us. 
Michael Balmuth: And store potential for dd's, we look at it. It's 500 stores at this point. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Mann from Johnson Rice. 
David Mann: My question is as we're starting to see some signs of the economies improving, when you look back historically, that doesn't necessarily help off-price in terms of your performance or at least relative performance. Can you just talk about your -- after last year and the last couple of years where you've been outperforming the apparel industry what might be different this time as the economy recovers that might not hurt you? 
Michael Balmuth: You're right. First off, we believe off-price and specifically our model, off-prices executed well does well in good times and bad times. I think one thing that is -- it's been a while since environment’s become less promotional. Off-price, specifically Ross, we do better when we're in a non-promotional environment or less promotional environment. So I think that would be healthy for our business. And certainly, if I coupled out the dislocation of supply that could be going on now based on changes in strategies, that will help fuel our supply line during this period. And finally, I think our packaway position puts us in a much better position, in a very strong position to do well and if the economy starts to move a little up-tempo. So less commercial environments though in a better economy we think will be good for us. And one other big difference from the last time that we've been in the good economic situation, a lot of retailers have gone away. So I think we find ourselves in a better position just by surviving and being a reasonably profitable retailer in this time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Collins Stewart. 
Laura Champine: John, my question is for you. I mean, Ross has done a great job of exceeding its same-store sales guidance on a pretty consistent basis. And it still looks like the outlook is conservative. Can you give us some insight in how you formulate your same store sales outlook? 
John Call: Sure. When we look at the year, single year and over multiple years, our objective is to grow earnings 10% to 15%. From that, we'll basically go bottoms up. We'll figure out the store growth needed to arrive at that. We'll also figure out the comp level that seems reasonable. Keep in mind that this year, we're up against 3 pretty spectacular years, a 5, a 5 and a 6. And so up against some pretty heavy numbers. In our business, it always -- if we can make the P&L work to achieve that 10% to 15% earnings potential on a pretty reasonable comp, good things happen if we exceed that comp. So we do tend to plan the business with a conservative bias, and we always hope to do better. 
Kimberly Greenberger: And John, are you taking into account when you said that comp guidance, what changes are taking place in the competitive environment? 
John Call: Sure, we take all that into consideration. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Jaffe from Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Richard Jaffe: And I just wanted some more color on the new markets. The 20 new stores in new markets, would that be in addition to the Chicago metro region, or is there another region you're going to enter? And if you could also comment on Chicago's contribution as simplistic as you can. I know you're not going to provide earnings by store, but some sense of traffic or volume compared to new stores in existing markets. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So yes, as Michael commented, about 1/3 of the new store this year will be in new markets. And Chicago is, by far, the biggest of those new markets. There are a few other smaller markets in the Midwest region that will account for the rest of those 20 new stores. In terms of how the Chicago stores are performing, again, it's too early, 5 months in. I think we're very, very happy with what we've seen, but I wouldn't extrapolate from it at this point. It's just too early. But as a general point, everything we've seen and heard in terms of research we've conducted, customer feedback we've gotten, as well as the early performance continues to reinforce our belief that we're going to be successful in this market. 
Richard Jaffe: Should we read the continued growth in new markets as a sign of success for the micro-merchandising initiatives that began several years ago? 
Michael O'Sullivan: To some degree, it's not the only thing that we've done. So I think there are a number of components that sort of made us comfortable expanding into new markets last year and give us encouragement as we continue to expand. I think micro-merchandising is one piece, which really is a way of sort of adapting our assortments at a local level and trending those assortments more rapidly than we would've been able to before. So I think that's a very important tool in new markets. But I think some of the other investments we've made, I think -- the investments we've made in the merchant group over the last 5 years or so, which has benefitted the whole chain, should also benefit new markets in that the quality of the merchandise and the quality of the assortments has gone up. And I think the other aspect is the fact that we are carrying less inventory per store, which means that we're able to react much more quickly to trends that we see in an individual market. So I think there's a package of things that we've done in the last 2 years, which give us encouragement that we can be successful in our -- in the new markets. 
Richard Jaffe: Chain-wide as well, of course. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro from The Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro: You've been pretty quiet about the home business, and I was just curious if we can get a little bit of an update on the home business at Ross Stores and then how -- if it's also successful at dd's? And do you guys pack-away product in this space at all? I was just curious. 
Michael Balmuth: Home business in both concepts, we're very pleased with. It's just not been in the top 2 performance of the company, in both companies. And we are very pleased with where we've -- the progress we've made. We also -- I would say we packaway some products, but nothing in the -- nothing relatively large as we do in non-home businesses. But we use it selectively. 
Marni Shapiro: Excellent. Is it a similar business in dd's as it is in Ross? 
Michael Balmuth: It's a little different, okay. It's a little less gift-driven, and a little more utilitarian driven. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stacy Pak with Barclays Capital. 
Omair Asif: This is Omair filling in for Stacy. In Q4 thus far, we've seen a much better inventory control from apparel and retailers so far. What are you seeing in terms of inventory availability? 
Michael Balmuth: Actually, we're seeing plenty of inventory availability. What the exact reason for that is? I know what I've been reading. I've been reading the same things you have, but there's been plenty of inventory in a fairly broad-based way. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Klinefelter from Piper Jaffray. 
Jeffrey Klinefelter: Just a couple of quick questions. One, with respect to the inventory reductions that you've executed in the stores, the significant reductions over last few years. I was just curious if you're now recognizing any opportunities or needs to reconsider store format, store fixturing? Any thoughts for kind of a net reduction in store prototype as you open new stores? And then one other thing, John, you commented on kind of the lack of shopping center development, kind of how that's playing into your cost of real estate. And I was curious if you could elaborate that on a little more? What are you seeing in the commercial development side? And what's happening net-net to your real estate costs? 
John Call: Yes, I'll take the question on the impact of inventories or less inventories on our stores. So we design our stores with flexible fixtures, and the flexibility enables us to expand and contract in any given category within a store. But as we brought down our inventories, we have a flexible model as well that enables us to open up smaller stores where needed. So based on the demographic information that we use, we'll either open a smaller-sized store to fit that need or a larger store. So we -- the model overall is very flexible, and it's worked well for us. 
Michael Balmuth: But in general, we have, not in a dramatic way, we have shrunk our prototype a bit over the last couple years, knowing where we're going with our inventory reduction. 
John Call: So Jeff, on the second part of your question, when we take ownership and build out a store, the CapEx in that store is probably $1.5 million. If the landlord owns that, our fixturing, et cetera, costs about $0.5 million. That $1 million, you negotiate. Obviously, you negotiate your rents down, so paid back over a period of time. And so as we see the credit markets get reestablished, development get reestablished, we'd want to switch back to more of the -- what we call a turnkey approach where the landlord is owning, but leasehold improvements would be our preference. 
Jeffrey Klinefelter: Okay. And just a quick follow-up on the store prototype, Michael, is there a target prototype size, average size going forward that would deviate to some percentage from prior trends? 
Michael Balmuth: I would say that the prototype size is smaller than what we've opened in the past. But we've always had a flexible model that's enabled us to open buildings that are larger than prototype. But I'd say most of them today tend to be -- tend to trend more towards smaller than our average prototypes. So we're finding our -- the ability to merchandise these better than we have in the past. It provides us with increased availability when we're flexible and we're able to get different sizes. But one of the benefits of having less inventory is we don't need as big a building. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Montagna from Avondale Partners. 
Mark Montagna: Just kind of following along with the questions we were just talking about. Have you thought about moving the backlog forward to make the store look fuller? Because there's a lot of stores where I've been in where shelves are empty, walls are empty and possibly try to improve the fullness look of the store. 
John Call: I think we spend a lot of time and resources ensuring that the customer experience is right by location. And some of the examples that you've given, we've moved -- we've added walls to make sure that we have a customer-friendly environment. And as we evolve our fixtures and as we evolve our merchandising standards and skills, it's focused on ensuring that the store looks right and is presented in an appropriate way for our customer. 
Mark Montagna: Okay, then -- yes? 
Michael Balmuth: I would add that our customers seem to be responding favorably to having an environment that is easier to shop, and I understand that in some cases, we're showing a little more wall or a lot more wall and a lot more chrome. And the customers seemed to be all favorably that, that is not a big issue for them if they're finding the right bargains. 
Mark Montagna: Okay. And then just kind of along those lines, in terms of your in-store inventories. Can you talk about how fast the inventory is turning now versus how fast it was turning before you got on this inventory reduction initiative? 
John Call: Yes, sure, Mark. We're not public with the exact turn number. Clearly, inventories are down 40%. Sales were up, so it's turning significantly faster. 
Mark Montagna: Okay. And then just lastly, in terms of expense leverage. Can you talk about what comp is needed this year to leverage SG&A expense and what comps would be needed for the buying and occupancy portion of gross margin? 
John Call: Yes. As we mentioned in the recorded comments, because we planned the year without the incentive, we're picking up some leverage from that. So this year, on the 1 to 2 comp, we're leveraging it a bit. Having said that, in a more comparable year-over-year period, it takes about a 3 comp to leverage the expenses. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adrianne Shapira from Goldman Sachs. 
Adrianne Shapira: A few questions. Just perhaps talk a little bit about if you can share with us some quarter-to-date comp trends in that the 9% you saw in February, we obviously see continued weather strength. March seems to be lapping an easier comparison. The 1% to 2% comp you've got planned for March, April, maybe if you could give us a little bit more color around that in terms of any updates on quarter-to-date, and also any sense of how you think about the Easter shift? 
John Call: So on -- Adrianne, our policy is really not to comment on mid-month sales. So we'll be out with that 1st Thursday of April. 
Adrianne Shapira: Okay, and any help in terms of how to think about Easter? The 1% to 2%, it sounds like no shift in March, April, same? 
Michael Balmuth: Well, look, I can say this about it. That I think an earlier Easter is an advantage, okay? And that's as far as I think I can comment. 
Adrianne Shapira: Okay. And then question about when we think about -- you're hitting record EBIT levels this year. And obviously, next year, it sounds like we're going to set a new record. How should we think about dd's as that obviously has swung into improving profitability and that becomes less of a drag? How should we think about as that grows and that drag moderates? What potential help that could be to EBIT margins over time? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Adrianne, I'll take that. It's Michael O'Sullivan. As I've mentioned in an earlier -- in response to an earlier question, dd's has a pretty good 4-wall contribution level which tells us that as it scales up, it will become more profitable as a business. So we think the long-term prospects for dd's are pretty good. I mean, I would caution you that right now, although dd's is profitable, it's less than 8% of our stores. So it's really not a material impact on our overall P&L. And it won't be for a few years. 
Adrianne Shapira: Okay. Any sense in terms of the differential, in terms of margin contribution, dd's versus Ross? 
Michael O'Sullivan: It so hard to answer that because dd's has less than 100 stores. Ross has more than 1,000. And that scale matters a lot. So it's hard to compare the 2. I think suffice it to say, obviously, we're very happy with Ross' EBIT margin. And our long-term models tell us that as dd's scales up, dd's will have an attractive profit margin. 
Adrianne Shapira: Okay, great. And then my next question, you obviously have been capitalizing on whether it's a de-storing and the value focus out there. I'm just wondering, maybe if you could contextualize and shed some light in terms of the opportunities on the vendor relationships, what categories you’re opening up? And without naming names, but how you're seeing the share shuffle that's going on, what that's doing in terms of opening doors to new vendors? 
Michael Balmuth: Well, this shuffling -- there's a lot of shuffling going on in the mid-Tier, and I certainly couldn't comment on any vendors, okay? But this kind of shuffling is usually good for us, okay. We're a constant. We're stable. We're focused. We have a large volume buying organization, seeing lots of vendors. So the shuffling you're talking about is usually a very good thing for us. 
Adrianne Shapira: And then perhaps any way to quantify in terms of how many vendors you've got direct relationships last year, how that's improved, year-over-year? 
Michael Balmuth: I don't think that's a number I would -- actually, I don't think it's a quantifiable number. You're asking where we've improved relationships. We've improved relationships with a lot of vendors. And I'm sure there are vendors you could call who’d say we're slightly worse than we were last year as a vendor relationship. So I don't think it's quantifiable. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey: Can you talk little bit about the systems enhancements, the shrinkage reduction that's obviously led to margin improvement? What is next on the docket for systems or shrinkage that we should continue to see margin improvement? How do you think about it? And then also, as you think about the buyers, and we've always heard about adding to the buying team, where are you on the people side and what should be added? Any new categories we should be watching for? 
Michael O'Sullivan: Dana, let me take the first part of your question and split it into 2. I'll address the systems issue, and then separately, we'll talk about shrink. So on systems, we're -- I guess, the way we think about it is there are 3 buckets to sort of systems investment. There is firstly, sort of continually upgrading and improving our systems or improving things like information security and merchandise and operational reporting, a bunch of things like that, that we do on a continual basis. Secondly, there’s systems investments that we make to sort of improve what I would call operational efficiency within our stores or within our IPCs. And then certainly, there's a bucket of what I'd call strategic investments, things like micro-merchandising. And we continue to look for those kind of sort of strategic investments, ways that IT systems investment can help the overall business. And we have some things in the pipeline, nothing on the scale of micro-merchandising at this point, but things that we're looking at. So that's kind of how I'd sum up the systems side of things. 
John Call: I'll take the shortage question. As we said earlier, we're on our third year of -- third consecutive year of record lows in shortage. With that said, we continue to make targeted strategic investments designed to control our current levels of shortage. But with that, we're hopeful to do better. 
Michael Balmuth: On the buying side, in -- from '11, -- in '11, I think we grew our merchant organization slightly over 10%. And I would think we'll probably -- we'll be growing the organization about the same amount in fiscal '12. There are new categories that we are putting into our store, but in this environment, I just wouldn't be comfortable discussing it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Glick with Buckingham Research. 
David Glick: Last year, at this point, we were trying to speculate about the impact of higher input costs and the impact that may have on your business. I wonder if you could share your thoughts as we look out to the potential benefit of lower sourcing costs in the second half and what, if any, impact that could have on your profitability. 
Michael Balmuth: Okay. Certainly, what happened last year in import cost and what was not -- was something we all have to get used to and the customer had to get used to a bit. In some cases, they did; in some cases, they didn't. As we move towards fall, there are some reductions going on as cotton prices have come down significantly. And I think the potential benefit for an off-price retailer is as prices come down, I would expect that certain places in the market will invest more in product. If they do that and business is not strong in mainstream, there'll be opportunities for us. And that's how I think -- where I see the potential benefit for us. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your last question comes from the line of Patrick McKeever from MKM Partners. 
Patrick McKeever: Just another question. I know this was already asked, but maybe I'll ask it in a different way. On the March, April same store sales guidance, the up 1% to 2% in both months just -- I mean, you look back over the years and you typically do see a pretty major difference in your March same store sales and your April same store sales. For like last year, March was down 1%, April was up 10%. That big swing is pretty clear over the years. So I'm just wondering why -- and Easter this year is 2 weeks earlier. And -- so I'm wondering why this year would look different, why we wouldn't see some kind of a fairly significant swing those months? 
John Call: I think Easter is moving what, a week or 2? I mean, it's 2 weeks. It's probably -- you had some minimal move compared to when it moved in 2010, it was more significant. So from our perspective, it's not going to be that significant kind of inter-month. Having said that, I'll reiterate again, our policy is not to comment on sales mid-month, but we do want to make sure that we are prepared to get through the Easter season, which I think we'll do fine. And Easter, obviously, this year is still in fiscal April, then switching to March, obviously. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn it back to management for any closing remarks. 
Michael Balmuth: Well thank you, all, for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John G. Call - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Michael Balmuth - Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael B. O'Sullivan - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Stephen Tabb - Tocqueville Asset Management LP Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC Stacy W. Pak - Barclays Capital, Research Division Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Brian X Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Rick B. Patel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Evren Dogan Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Ross Stores Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared remarks by management, followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2010 Form 10-K and 2011 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Also on our call are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bobbi Chaville, Senior Director of Investor Relations.  We'll begin with a brief review of our third quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the remainder of the year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.  We are pleased with our above-plan sales and earnings in the third quarter and first 9 months of 2011, especially considering this growth was achieved on top of exceptional increases in the prior 2 years. Our strong revenue gains continued to be driven mainly by our ability to deliver compelling bargains on a wide assortment of exciting name-brand fashions for the family and the home to today's increasingly value-focused consumers. In addition, operating our business on lower in-store inventories is driving faster turns and lower markdowns which continues to benefit profit margins.  Third quarter earnings per share grew to $1.26, up from $1.02 from the same period last year. These results reflect the 24% increase on top of exceptional 21% and 91% gains in the third quarters of 2010 and 2009, respectively. Net earnings for the current year quarter grew 19% to $144 million, up from $121.4 million last year. Third quarter 2011 sales increased 9% to $2,046,000,000 with comparable store sales up 5% over the prior year. For the 9 months ended October 29, 2011, earnings per share were $4.03, up from $3.26 for the same period in 2010. These results represent a 24% increase on top of outstanding earnings per share growth of 36% and 52% for the first 9 months of 2010 and 2009, respectively. Net earnings for the first 9 months rose 18% to $465.2 million, up from $393 million last year.  Sales for the first 9 months of 2011 increased 9% to $6,210,000,000, with comparable store sales up 5%, which was on top of robust 6% growth for the first 9 months of 2010.  Dresses and Shoes were the top performing merchandise categories for the quarter, while Florida remained the strongest region. Operating margin in the third quarter grew about 45 basis points to 10.9%. This improvement was driven by a higher merchandise gross margin, which benefited in part from better-than-expected shrink from our annual physical inventory. This reflects the progress we have made over the past several years in successfully implementing our shortage control initiatives. Leverage on buying, occupancy and selling, general and administrative costs also contributed to the market improvement which was partially offset by an expected rise in packaway-related distribution expenses as a percent of sales. John will provide some additional details in a few minutes.  As we ended the third quarter, total consolidated inventories were around 18% compared to the prior year. This increase was mainly driven by higher packaway, that was about 43% of total inventories, up from 37% at this time last year. Inventory in an average store was down about 7% at quarter end versus the prior year and we continue to target a mid-single-digit percentage decline for the remainder of the year compared to 2010.  Now let's turn to dd's DISCOUNTS. We are pleased with dd's third quarter and year-to-date performance as the changed value-focused merchandise offerings are resonating well with its target customers. Based on our first 9 months' results and outlook for the balance of the year, we continue to expect this young business to generate improved growth in free cash earnings for 2011 compared to last year. As planned, we opened a net 35 locations during the third quarter comprised of 25 Ross and 10 dd's DISCOUNTS. This growth includes our entry into the Midwest with 12 new Ross Dress for Less stores opening in the greater Chicago area in early October. We are very excited about the long-term growth opportunity that this market offers and are confident that Ross Dress for Less will become an attractive destination for customers there. Looking ahead, we see continued opportunities to grow in the Midwest as we expand into additional areas in this region. Now John will provide further color on our third quarter results and details on our guidance for the fourth quarter.
John G. Call: Thank you, Michael. Our 5% comparable store sales gains in the third quarter was driven by a low single-digit growth in both the number of transactions and the size of the average basket. Again, operating margin improved by about 45 basis points in the quarter to 10.9%. Our 40 basis point decline in SG&A as a percent of sales was mainly due to leverage on general and administrative expenses. As Michael noted, higher merchandise margin, including better-than-expected shortage and leverage on buying and occupancy expenses, offset an expected increase in distribution costs as a percent of sales.  Merchandise margin grew by about 45 basis points, driven by fewer markdowns resulting from above-plan sales and lower average in-store inventories. The merchandise margin improvement includes a 10 basis point benefit from lower shrink expense compared to last year. As Michael mentioned, our shortage results were better than expected, adding about $0.08 in earnings per share to our third quarter 2011 results. The quarter also benefited from leverage on buying and occupancy expenses of 20 basis points and 10 basis points, respectively. As expected, distribution expenses as a percent of sales rose by about 60 basis points mainly due to timing differences in packaway-related processing costs. While distribution costs can fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter based on timing issues, for the full year, we still expect DC expenses as a percent of sales to be relatively flat compared to 2010. Lastly, freight expense increased by about 10 basis points due to higher fuel costs. We also benefited from a lower tax rate in the quarter due to favorable tax audit settlements.  Turning to our stock buyback program. During the third quarter, we repurchased 1.4 million shares for a total purchase price of $113 million. As a result, year-to-date, we have repurchased 4.5 million shares for a total purchase price of $343 million. We remain on track to complete approximately $450 million or about half of our current authorization by the end of fiscal 2011.  As Michael mentioned, we opened 35 net new stores in the third quarter, ending the period with 1,038 Ross Dress for Less stores in 29 states and 88 dd's DISCOUNTS locations in 7 states.  Let's turn now to our guidance for the 2011 fourth quarter, which, as noted in today's press release, remains unchanged from our prior outlook. For the fourth quarter ending January 28, 2012, we are projecting same-store sales to grow 2% to 3%, a solid increase on top of 4% and 10% gain in 2010 and 2009 fourth quarters, respectively. We are planning comparable store sales gains of 2% to 3%, 3% to 4%, and 1% to 2%, for November, December and January, respectively. Last year's same-store sales rose 6%, 4% and 3% in November, December and January, respectively. Total sales are expected to grow about 7% to 8%. Fourth quarter 2011 earnings per share are forecast to be in the range of $1.53 to $1.59 compared to $1.37 in the prior year period. We are projecting operating margin of 12.3% to 12.5% for this 2011 fourth quarter, flat to up 20 basis points from the prior year period. Net interest expense is planned to be approximately $2.5 million and our tax rate is expected to be about 38%. We also estimate weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about 114 million.  Now I will turn the call back to Michael.
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. Again, we are very pleased with our above-plan performance for the third quarter and first 9 months of 2011. As we've noted previously, we remain favorably positioned as a value retailer in these uncertain macroeconomic times. As we enter the important fourth quarter, we are focused on filling our stores with a wide assortment of fresh and exciting bargains on gifts and fashions for the family and the home. However, we recognize that consumer spending remains under pressure which we believe creates the possibility of an even more competitive than usual holiday season. As a result, while we hope to do better, we are maintaining our prior fourth quarter forecast for both sales and earnings.  Turning to other news, we are pleased to report that our Board of Directors has approved a 2-for-1 stock split. The Board also declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.22 per share, or $0.11 per share post-split. I should note that our guidance given today is before the effect of the stock split.  We have delivered outstanding financial performance over the past few years and has contributed to significant stock price appreciation over this period. Our decision to split the stock reflects our ongoing confidence in our future growth prospects and our continued commitment to enhancing stockholder value. Our recent entry into the Chicago market is just the beginning of many expansion opportunities we see throughout the Midwest. And with stores in only 29 states today, we continue to believe we have the potential over the long term to double the size of our company as we expand throughout the entire U.S.  At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez from Nomura Securities.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just wondering what you saw with your Chicago push in terms of traffic first ticket trends relative to both your expectations and the general chain averages or perhaps from a category perspective, what's working there versus what you expected? And also I'm wondering who the co-tenants are, if is there any consistencies across the 12 stores that you've got open in that area.
Michael B. O'Sullivan: Paul, it's Michael O'Sullivan. I'll answer that. We opened 12 stores in Chicago, but it was really just at the beginning of October so those stores have only been in business for 6 weeks. So it's really too early to provide any insight into the business. In terms of co-tenants, it's the usual cast of characters, the same companies that we compete with. It'll be at the market ring [ph]..
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up, Michael, last quarter, you guys were pretty cautious about potential cost pressures. Just wondering what you've seen on that front or if you've seen any pressures? Have you been pleasantly surprised? And what are you seeing in the market now?
Michael Balmuth: Well, we've been a little surprised. We are pleased with the performance. We've had slightly higher prices in a few areas in our store. And where we executed effectively, we didn't see a problem. What we're seeing in the market is mixed by resource right now and it's mixed by classification so it's hard to give a general theme on where costs are going. Although the herky-jerkiness that was going on 6 months ago or a year ago relative to this seems to be behind us. But prices do not seem to be growing back.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Patel with Bank of America.
Rick B. Patel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can you go provide some insights on AUR and transactions for Ross and dd's separately? And for dd's specifically, have you had to change your value proposition there now that we are entering a more inflationary type of environment?
John G. Call: So on the AUR for Ross and dd's, we actually come slip that out separately but as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, the transactions were up low single and the basket's up low singles. The basket's consisted of AURs that are a little bit higher and so the number of units per basket was down slightly.
Michael Balmuth: And the value proposition in dd's is pretty much the same. There are couple of pockets where we had to move a bit, but again, we're vying for small quantity of stores. We've been able to hold sizes more effectively.
Rick B. Patel - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And as we think about your inventory turns getting better, is that consistent across both concepts?
Michael Balmuth: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley.
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: My question's on dd's as well. Michael, if you could just remind us what you said upon profitability so far this year? And as you look out over the next year or 2, what is the projectile for the profitability of that business? And did you, at some point, expect it to approach the Ross Stores' operating profit?
Michael B. O'Sullivan: Kimberly, can you -- you were very faint. I'm not sure whether there was a problem with the line. Can you just repeat that question?
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Oh, I'm sorry about that. The question's on dd's. If you could just remind us what you said about the dd's profit performance so far this year? And as you're looking out over time, where do you think the ultimate operating margin for that business can go and how quickly can it get there? In other words, what is the annual ramp look like in the operating margin structure there?
Michael B. O'Sullivan: Okay. In terms of performance this year, I think in Michael's comments he mentioned from an internal target point of view, dd's has exceeded its targets on sales, and then actually, handily exceeded its targets on contribution, which I'm very happy with how it's done from a profit point of view. In terms of the dd's model and how it will ramp over time, we're pretty confident on a four-wall basis. The dd's stores are very profitable and attractive. And how quickly the overall business ramps up is really just a function of us opening in the stores. So over the next few years, we think it will continue to, sort of, add contribution to our overall business.
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Is there way to understand what the overhead impact differential is on dd's versus Ross? In other words, is it a 200 to 300 basis points at this scale of dd's, or is it even bigger? If the four -- in other words, if the four-wall contribution were the same between dd's and Ross, what would the margin structure differential be, given the lower scale at dd's?
Michael B. O'Sullivan: I think that's pretty hard to quantify at this point just given -- dd's has just less than 100 stores at this point compared with Ross' of over 1,000. So it's difficult to make a comparison in terms of overhead.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Mann with Johnson Rice.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: My question relates to packaway and sort of the comments you made on distribution expense. In terms of the fourth quarter, are you implying that the distribution expense won't be a drag the way it was in the third quarter?
John G. Call: Not to the extent it was in the third quarter, David. We look at our packaway balances and as we really are projecting the fourth quarter, they look at somewhat a similar level as to where they were last year. If you recall last year, the fourth quarter where we really started ramping up distribution expenses and the 60 basis point drag in the third quarter was up against the 50 basis point accretion we had in the prior third quarter. So the composition will be much different in the fourth quarter.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great, that's very helpful. So then in terms of what we should be looking about in terms -- for that operating margin gain that you might have in the fourth quarter, is that mostly coming from the gross margin line then?
John G. Call: Well, it's coming from a couple of places. There are some tailwinds going in the fourth quarter. Our shrink accrual will be 10 to 15 basis points lower. We talked about packaway won't be a drag as it was in the third quarter. We do anticipate having lower inventories, so faster turns, lower markdowns. However, there are some headwinds. We think the pricing environment might be slightly tougher. Last year, we had some pickup in our bonus accrual and we won't be up against that -- or we will be up against that in the fourth quarter. We'll likely accrue more bonus than we did last year. So all in all, when you take the puts and the takes, we're projecting 5 to 20 basis points up in EBIT in the fourth quarter.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: And, Michael, just 1 last follow-up. I think on the last call, you answered a question that you would still expect inventories per store to go down next year. Is that still a feeling that you have?
Michael Balmuth: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stacy Pak with Barclays Capital.
Stacy W. Pak - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess a couple of things. One is just a follow-up on Kimberly's that I guess I didn't hear or get, and that is, is dd's supposed to add to profits this year or not? And then the 2 questions I have is, first, what are you doing differently for holiday this year relative to last in terms of gifting or advertising or opportunities or however you want to think about it or talk about it? And then the second is, when are you thinking you might really ramp other states and/or dd's more aggressively?
Michael B. O'Sullivan: Stacy, on the first part, the answer is yes. dd's will be somewhat creating it's earnings this year.
Stacy W. Pak - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Is there an EPS that you'll throw out or it's just somewhat accretive?
Michael B. O'Sullivan: No, we haven't broken it out. It actually was slightly accretive last year and this year will be more also. So we haven't broken out a specific -- any number.
Michael Balmuth: Relative to what we're doing different in the fourth quarter, our assortment will be geared more -- a little more gifting, okay? And we had a lot of success in gifting last year. We're going -- taking it one step further this year. And relative to our marketing, it will be fairly consistent to the year.
Michael B. O'Sullivan: Stacy, can you just ask your third question again, about the rollout? Just so we know [indiscernible]
Stacy W. Pak - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just -- yes, I'm just curious. I mean, you opened 12 new stores, right? In the Midwest, which -- and I realized it's been a long time since you've expanded to other states. But it's not a really big number in terms of the overall chain and so I'm wondering when you might get more aggressive about entering into new states and also when you make might get more aggressive ramping dd's.
Michael B. O'Sullivan: Well, I would put that in context of the overall number of new stores that we've opened. So this year, we've opened over 60 new stores.
Stacy W. Pak - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, no, the overall square footage is great. I'm just asking when you might change your strategy.
Michael B. O'Sullivan: I think it will depend upon real estate availability and if we find locations that we like, then we'll open more stores. But I wouldn't expect a dramatic shift. I mean, over the course of the next few years, we are going to open more stores in the Midwest, including additional states in the Midwest. But we're going to do that in a fairly, I think, a fairly measured way.
Stacy W. Pak - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So should we assume that's sort of like 15-ish number of stores in the new state kind of thing?
Michael B. O'Sullivan: Yes, I'd put it more as -- I think we've said in the past that our overall unit growth, in terms of stores, will probably be 6% to 7% per year. And I think the Midwest will be some portion of that. It's hard to put a precise number on it without looking at real estate locations, but that's where we're going to drive it, yes.
Stacy W. Pak - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And the dd's?
Michael B. O'Sullivan: The same thing with dd's. I mean, this year with dd's, we opened over 20 stores which we think is, on the basis of just 80, is pretty significant. And we are -- we're not going to ramping up from that. We'll add additional dd's stores, but I don't think you should expect the percentage growth to significantly increase.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Klinefelter with Piper Jaffray.
Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: One question is, on your Florida market, clearly, you've been performing very, very well this year. As we head into 2012 and think about the productivity of that market, where would that be tracking relative to the average of your chain for the Ross Stores concept? And then also just thinking about other markets, do you have opportunities in other geographic markets that are below the average productivity and that are real opportunities for you next year?
Michael B. O'Sullivan: So on Florida, Jeff, Florida is the state that has been performing very well for the last 2 years. It's slightly ahead of our average incentive -- sort of our average performance by region. But I have to tell you, all of our regions has done very well. So we've been very happy across the board. We call out Florida because it's on top of the pack in terms of comp performance, but all regions have had a pretty good performance this year and actually the last few years.
Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. So there is no like opportunity region that you can really bring the productivity levels higher next year?
Michael B. O'Sullivan: There's no region that we're particularly concerned about, no. We'd like to do well in every region next year but there's no single reason I would call out and say, we think it's a remedial situation we can improve on.
Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then just 1 other follow-up on Chicago launch, recognizing it's very, very recent, not a lot of data yet, but is there anything else that you would call out from that launch that tells you something about the merchandising kind of opportunities or potential challenges you have in that region of the country?
Michael B. O'Sullivan: Yes, nothing at this point. I think everything we've seen in the run-up to the opening has caused us to feel very confident about our ability to compete well in that market. But it's too early to give you a readout on the first wave of stores, but we feel -- we're excited to be in the Midwest.
Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And just lastly on Chicago, anything from the media strategy in terms of your opening? I know that you focused a lot of media and leverage a lot of different media channels. Anything that tells you about some changes you could implement nationally?
Michael B. O'Sullivan: You know, again, 6 weeks in and we haven't gone through the fourth quarter, it's probably a little premature to dissect, the marketing strategy that we've used there. But obviously, that is something we'll look at and if there's any lessons we can take from it for the rest of the country, we'll use that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tunick with JPMorgan.
Brian X Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess 2 questions. Just as we try to think about the merchandise margins as we move into next year or the year after from here, are there any specific categories maybe that you can give us that you still see opportunity to take down inventory per store or turn faster? Where is the room still there? And then, do you think your business model, with such a big mix of packaway, can work on the e-commerce side? Is this, in addition to dd's, something that the Board has talked about, bringing e-commerce eventually to the business?
Michael Balmuth: I'll take the first one. Basically, reductions in inventory are not constrained to certain categories. It's across the board. And so if we see opportunity across the board, we just keep working on figuring out how to turn faster through our system of -- logistically and merchandise wise. So I would say it's not any single category in answer to your question.
Michael B. O'Sullivan: Yes, and then Brian, on your second question about the Internet. I'm going to broaden the question a little bit. In terms of the Internet, there's 2 aspects for us. One is digital marketing and we've been experimenting, particularly with our expansion into new markets in various forms of new media to raise awareness, but that's on the marketing side. And then on e-commerce, actually transacting and selling merchandise online, clearly, that's an area that's evolving. We're watching it, we are watching the stock ups to those -- that move into that market. It's not clear how it's going to evolve in terms of price points and brands, but it's something we'll continue to study. We don't have any immediate plans to move in a fast pace right now, but we'll watch it closely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Black with Citigroup.
Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On the micro-merchandising, can you just draw out where we are on this curve? I believe you're using it across most of the categories, if not all. What benefits have we seen this year? And what kind of torque do we think these efforts have for either margin or lowering inventory next year and perhaps the year out?
Michael B. O'Sullivan: So Jeff, we -- as you know, we fully rolled out micro-merchandising in late 2009 so we now have sort of 1.5 years under our belt and I think we've been very pleased with how it's gone. Certainly, our ability to turn faster and faster in stores over the last couple of years, we think the micro-merchandising has, at least, helped with that, made a contribution to it. And the other aspect of micro-merchandising we talked about in the past is that it, sort of, learn from history. So the more history we gain from the system, the better micro-merchandising is in terms of predicting sales and predicting inventory levels. So we think there's still some ways to go in terms of the benefit we'll get from micro-merchandising.
Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And just on the inventory next year, I mean, how much lower -- how much are we talking about lowering per store? Is that another kind of mid-single-digit rate you think is potentially possible here?
Michael Balmuth: We'll still finalizing our inventories, but approximately it will be less.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with The Retail Tracker.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: I have 2 very quick questions. We've heard a lot about the women's business being a little bit under pressure out there. I was curious if you're seeing any classification that have been a little tougher and what you've done to address them. And then I'm just curious if you could comment at all on -- about the online business and any thought you've given to it.
Michael Balmuth: The women's business have been more difficult around the horn and it's been a little more difficult for us for a while. We're actually running our inventories there very tightly. I wouldn't say there's any 1 specific category that we've adjusted significant down there.
Michael B. O'Sullivan: And Marni, on the online business, yes, certainly, in terms of marketing online, that's something that we're interested in, we're experimenting with. We think there's a future there. In terms of e-commerce, that scenario there obviously has of a lot of activity and it's something we're watching. No plans do anything at this point, but we're going to watch it closely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evren Kopelman with Wells Fargo.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask about the packaways. It's been coming down slowly as a percent of total inventory. I guess, should we read that as -- are you seeing less? Are the merchants seeing less appropriate inventory to buy out there for packaway? How should we think about that as we go over the next year?
Michael Balmuth: I don't think we've been seeing less, but since our trend has been exceeding sales plan, we've been slowing some of the products to our stores which was -- which would have of brought the number down.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And as we go into next year, should we expect that to continue to come down or is there a strategy at all around that?
Michael Balmuth: Our strategy is really built on supply and so if the supply exceeds our expectation, we'll be investing heavilier, okay? But we have to wait and see those buys start coming up -- the significant packaway buys coming out of fall season really happens in December, January.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roxanne Meyer from UBS.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two questions. One, I was wondering if you could share your base assumption for merchandise margin in the fourth quarter in light of on 1 hand, having leaner inventory, but on the other hand, your comments regarding the pricing environment being a bit more competitive. And then secondly, following your announcement to split your stock, I'm just wondering if that changes your strategy for cash deployment going forward as it relates to repurchasing.
John G. Call: So relative to the base assumptions for fourth quarter margin, we don't split that up between G&A and margin. I think we did give some color around what some of the dynamics might be in terms of the puts and the takes. And as far as the stock split, it does not change our head set around capital deployment. We will still continue to buy back stock as mentioned in the prepared comments. We plan to complete half of the $900 million authorizations this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Jaffe from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Richard Jaffe here. Just a question on sort of...
John G. Call: Hey, Richard, we can't hear you.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Sorry, a follow on with packaway. Just wondering how things are looking out. I know we suffered from product cost inflation beginning this time last year and it seems to have retraced a bit. I'm wondering how you're seeing product costs looking into spring 2012 and how that might impact your views on packaway?
Michael Balmuth: Looking at pricing right now being relatively stable that spring started to be, some of the jumps -- so it's relatively stable. The second part was how does it affect our packaway?
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Right.
Michael Balmuth: Look, packaway, we measure by business, by brand at a moment in time so -- and we value the product -- the pricing that's offered to us, versus what we think the retail will be in mainstream stores. So I think we measure each case individually.
Richard Ellis Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. It's not tied to what might be product cost inflation or deflation? It's really category driven?
Michael Balmuth: No, no, no. We don't ignore that but it's category driven, branded driven and item driven, okay? That's what drives our investment exactly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Can you talk a little bit about when you think about the 48% packaway level, where do you see it trending to, going forward? How do you see that happening? And then also on shrink, given the improved shrink that you've had, is there more to go? And what would the impact on gross margin be?
Michael Balmuth: I don't see -- I can't foresee packaway going higher than the levels we've been running. I'm actually hopeful that we can maintain those levels but on quality products. But we just don't know how the world will move forward on it. So as I said, I don't -- I wouldn't anticipate it becoming higher.
John G. Call: And on shrink, Dana, for the past couple of years, we've had pretty outstanding shrink results. We're getting to a level of record lows and to assume that we can continue that performance, I think, would not be prudent. So from a projection standpoint, we assumed similar levels to what we had this year. As I mentioned earlier, that means that we'll be picking up 10 to 15 basis points going forward on a quarterly basis.
Michael Balmuth: I just want to add to that, Dana, we'll continue to invest in various shrink initiatives, and obviously we hope to do better than what we approved, and that's the only thing I wanted to say and we continue to work against it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Omar Saad from ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I wondered if you guys could give us an update on how you view your customer and how you think they're feeling about the market, the macro, the environment. Are you seeing anything in your stores or in the trends within the store that give you any indication on how that customer is doing?
Michael B. O'Sullivan: Probably -- this is probably to stating the obvious, Omar, but at least what we hear from the customer both in research and in the stores and in the business we're doing is because the customer need value. And they're stretched economically. They're concerned about the future and they want to make their money go further. And what we see in terms of our sales is that the value we're able to offer is obviously resonating with the customer in this environment.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Could you also talk about -- you guys have been doing obviously really well for quite some time and you've also seemed to have little bit of a rejuvenation in the department store business last year. How do you think about that? And does your customer cross shop? And is it really a directly competitive kind of department stores versus Ross and -- or does it provide kind of a better halo and a stronger current from which you can operate? How do you think about that dynamic between you and the department stores?
Michael B. O'Sullivan: Yes. Omar, we don't take our customers for granted. They shop everywhere. They're looking for the best deal. They've got a lot of choices in terms of places they shop. So we're in competition with everyone that sells to the people we value. And our job is to make sure that we offer a better value than the other channels.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Steve Tabb from Tocqueville Asset Management.
Stephen Tabb - Tocqueville Asset Management LP: I was wondering why justified buying back stock when the book value is already 1/7 of approximately of the common price. It seems like it's pretty expensive at that time and the company should be able to find other uses for the money.
John G. Call: Yes, Steve, the model generates a pretty good cash flow, of excess cash. We think it best to return it to the shareholders. We do that with a combination of buyback and dividends. So that's our perspective. We've been doing that for quite some time and it's actually worked pretty well for us.
Stephen Tabb - Tocqueville Asset Management LP: One other question. There has been a tax benefit. I don't know whether the company is able to realize it with its expansion and furnishing their stores, on accelerated depreciation on certain fixed assets. Is the company benefiting from that to any degree?
John G. Call: Yes, we are, from a cash flow standpoint. The bonus depreciation does help us.
Stephen Tabb - Tocqueville Asset Management LP: To what extent does it -- I see. It doesn't affect your book earnings per share. It's just your tax situation, is that it?
John G. Call: That's correct. It's a timing issue from a tax perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick McKeever with MKM Partners.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Just wondering if you might talk a bit about your shoe business. And -- I mean, you called it out as a strong area recently and I guess for a while now, but what's driving it? And maybe you could talk about just the -- any specific trends within Shoes that might be worth noting, wondering how your boot sales are doing this year, that sort of thing. And also, is that a category that you do tuck merchandise away in?
Michael Balmuth: Our shoe business has been strong, as you said, for quite some time and it's driven by supply, okay? It's driven by supply. We've invested organization, we've invested real estate and we've invested inventory. The combination has led to an effective shoe business, okay? Also, shoe business has been, over the last several years, trending very well across retail. So we do packaway boots, okay? And our boot business is decent, okay? And relative to trend in Shoes, if I'm looking at ladies, military looks, suede, sharper line, shoes all doing well.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then on Chicago, I mean, did you open all 12 of those stores on the same day, is that correct?
Michael Balmuth: Yes, that's correct.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: So I know you've talked a bit about it already, but maybe -- I mean, just that particular strategy of opening so many stores on 1 day, what kind of -- I need to dig into that a little bit and just -- and what kinds of synergies, I guess, did you see? Was it a lot of marketing? Were there a lot of marketing synergies in there? Was it something more than that?
John G. Call: Sure. Actually, the way we -- this isn't just a Chicago thing but as we open new stores, we tend to do so in windows which helps us to focus things from an operational point of view. And to some degree from a marketing point of view, too. So the early October, it varied with the window where we opened stores and certainly, there are some marketing synergies associated with that, but other than that, operationally, this kind of approach has worked well for us as well other than distributing stores out over time.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then 1 last quick one, just on the comments about the holiday season perhaps being more promotional. Is it -- is that a reflection of something that you're seeing right now or just a reflection of the general trend in recent years, buying closer to need, that sort of thing? Just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about that.
Michael Balmuth: I'd say it's a mix of both, okay? And I mean, I actually -- there's been a lot of -- I think retail performance has been a little bit choppy in the department store level, okay? And I'm combining mid-tier with that, okay? And that usually leads to 1 or 2 starting to get much more aggressive which creates a domino. And I'm not saying we know for sure, but it has fewer possibilities.
Operator: There appears to be no further questions at this time. I'll turn it back to management for any closing comments.
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, all, for joining us today and best wishes for the holiday season.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Balmuth - Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gary Cribb -  Michael O'Sullivan - President and Chief Operating Officer John Call - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Rick Patel - BofA Merrill Lynch Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group, Inc. Stacy Pak - Barclays Capital Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C. Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC Brian Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co Pamela Quintiliano - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc. Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Evren Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Ross Stores Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management, followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts, and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2010 Form 10-K and 2011 Form 10-Q, and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Also on our call are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bobbi Chaville, Senior Director of Investor Relations.  We'll begin with a brief review of our second quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the remainder of the year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. We are pleased with our better-than-expected performance for both the second quarter and first 6 months of 2011. Our ability to increase the percentage of fresh name-brand bargains our customers see, while also strictly controlling inventories and expenses, has enabled us to capitalize on our favorable position as a value retailer. Second quarter earnings per share grew to $1.28, up from $1.07 for the same period last year. These results represent a 20% increase on top of exceptional gains of 30% and 52% in the second quarters of 2010 and 2009, respectively. Net earnings for the current year quarter grew 15% to $148.3 million, up from $129.3 million last year. Second quarter 2011 sales increased 9% to $2,089,000,000, with comparable store sales up 5% on top of a 4% gain in the prior year. For the 6 months ended July 30, 2011, earnings per share were $2.76, up from $2.24 in the first half of 2010. These results represent a 23% increase on top of outstanding earnings per share growth of 45% and 37% for the first half of 2010 and 2009, respectively. Net earnings for the first 6 months rose 18% to $321.2 million, up from $271.6 million last year. Sales for the first 6 months of 2011 increased 8% to $4,164,000,000, with comparable store sales up 4%, which was on top of robust 7% growth for the first 6 months of 2010. Merchandise and geographic trends were broad-based in the second quarter. Dresses was the top-performing merchandise category with double-digit percentage gains in same-store sales while Accessories and Shoes saw high single-digit increases. Florida and Texas remain the strongest regions, posting high single to low double-digit gains in comparable store sales. Operating margin in the second quarter grew about 55 basis points to 11.7%, driven primarily by a 50 basis point improvement in selling, general and administrative costs as a percent of sales. Cost of goods sold declined by about 5 basis points as higher merchandise gross margin and leverage on occupancy expenses were partially offset by an expected increase in packaway-related distribution costs as a percent of sales. John will provide some additional details in a few minutes. As we ended the second quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 30% compared to the prior year. This increase was mainly driven by higher packaway that was about 49% of total inventories, up from 37% at this time last year, but similar to levels at the end of the 2011 first quarter. Packaway is a very important buying strategy that enables us to offer customers some of the most compelling bargains in our stores. While this type of inventory can have somewhat higher supply-chain costs, these expenses are more than offset by its ability to enhance both top line and profit performance. As a result, we are thrilled that our merchants are finding a wide array of terrific deals in the marketplace on packaway in addition to in-season buyers. Average in-store inventories were down about 6% at quarter-end versus the prior year. We continue to target a mid single-digit percentage decline in selling store inventories over the balance of the year compared to 2010. Now let's talk about dd's DISCOUNTS. dd's continued to perform well with above-planned sales in gross margin in the second quarter. We believe these results reflect that dd's value-focused merchandise offerings are resonating well with its target customers. Based on our first 6 months results and outlook for the balance of the year, we continue to expect this promising young business to generate improved growth in pretax earnings for 2011 compared to last year. Let's turn now to our overall store expansion program. At the beginning of August, we announced our plans to open 12 Ross Dress for Less stores in the greater Chicago area in early October. This marks our first major new market entry since moving into Atlanta and other cities in the Southeast region about a decade ago. We are very excited about the long-term growth opportunities that Chicago offers, especially considering its population density and other favorable demographics that are in line with our target customer. With nearly 30 years of successfully delivering terrific savings on name-brand bargains for the family and the home, we are confident that Ross Dress for Less will become an attractive destination for Chicago area customers, and over time, another productive market for the company. In addition to these new market openings, we plan to add another 24 net new stores in the third quarter, 14 Ross and 10 dd's DISCOUNTS. Now John will provide some additional color on our second quarter results and details on our guidance for the back half of the year.
John Call: Thank you, Michael. Our 5% comparable store sales gain in the second quarter was driven by a low single-digit growth in both the number of transactions and the size of the average basket. Again, operating margin improved by about 55 basis points in the quarter to 11.7%. The 50 basis point decline in SG&A as a percent of sales was due about equally to a combination of leverage on store operating costs, and general and administrative expenses. As Michael noted, higher merchandise margin and leverage on occupancy expenses more than offset an expected increase in distribution costs as a percent of sales. Merchandise margin grew by about 45 basis points mainly due to fewer markdowns resulting from above-planned sales and faster turn. The merchandise margin improvement includes a 15 basis point benefit from a lower shortage accrual compared to last year. As expected, distribution expenses as a percent of sales increased by about 45 basis points compared to a 40 basis point decline in the prior year period, reflecting year-over-year timing differences in packaway-related processing costs. While distribution costs can fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter based on these timing issues, for the full year, we now expect DC expenses as a percent of sales to be flat to slightly up from the prior year. The quarter also benefited from 15 basis points of leverage on occupancy expenses that more than offset higher freight costs equivalent to about 10 basis points. Turning to our stock buyback program. During the second quarter, we repurchased 1.5 million shares for a total purchase price of $118 million. We remain on track to complete approximately $450 million or about half of our current authorization by the end of 2011. As planned, we opened 23 net new stores in the second quarter, 15 Ross Dress for Less and 8 dd's DISCOUNTS. We are on track with our 2011 planned openings, which as Michael noted, includes our initial entry into the greater Chicago market. Let's turn now to our guidance for the back half of the year. As mentioned in today's press release, while we are pleased with our ahead-of-plan performance year-to-date, based on the recent stock market volatility and increased economic uncertainty, we believe it is prudent to be cautious in our outlook for the back half of the year. As a result, our sales and earnings targets for the second half of 2011 remain unchanged. For the third quarter ending October 29, 2011, we are projecting same-store sales to increase 1% to 2%. We are planning comparable store sales gains of 2% to 3% for August, and 1% to 2% for both September and October. Last year same-store sales rose 5%, 2% and 4% in August, September and October, respectively. Total sales are expected to grow about 5% to 6%, driven by a combination of new-store growth, and as mentioned, same-store sales that are targeted to be up 1% to 2%. Third quarter 2011 earnings per share are forecast to be in the range of $1 to $1.04 compared to $1.02 in the prior year period.  There are a couple of issues -- key issues impacting projected earnings in the third quarter. First, we have realized significant improvements in shrink over the past few years from our ongoing shortage control initiatives. As a reminder, last year, our much better-than-expected shortage results added $0.10 to earnings per share and about 100 basis points to EBIT margin in the third quarter. While we take our full fiscal inventory every year in September, our guidance does not assume any potential benefit to earning to this year's actual shortage results coming lower than our accrual. We always need to complete this fiscal inventory to quantify actual shortage for the full year. Second, we currently are projecting about a 70 basis point increase in distribution expenses as a percent of sales in this year's third quarter primarily due to the timing of packaway-related expenses. This compares to a 50 basis point decline in DC costs in the prior year period. If same-store sales perform in line with our forecast for a 1% to 2% increase, we should also expect some slight deleveraging of occupancy and store expenses. As Michael mentioned, we are forecasting about 36 net new stores to open during the period, including 26 Ross Dress for Less and 10 dd's DISCOUNTS. We are projecting operating margin of 9.2% to 9.4% for the 2011 third quarter. This compares to 10.5% in the third quarter of 2010, which is up about 60 basis points from the prior year period, on top of an exceptional 385 basis point increase in 2009. Again, the main drivers of the projected decline in third quarter 2011 EBIT are the prior year comparisons on both shortage and packaway-related distribution costs. And interest expense is planned to be approximately $2.5 million, and our tax rate is expected to be about 35% to 36%. We also estimate weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about 115 million. For the fourth quarter ending January 28, 2012, same store sales are projected to increase 2% to 3%, and earnings per share are forecast to be in the range of $1.53 to $1.59. This represents a 12% to 16% increase over last year's $1.37 per share. Given our performance for the first 6 months of the year and our guidance for the third and fourth quarters, earnings per share for the 52 weeks ending January 28, 2012, should be in the range of $5.29 to $5.39, up from our prior guidance of $5.16 to $5.31. This updated EPS range represents projected growth of 14% to 16% in fiscal 2011, on top of outstanding 31% and 52% gains in 2010 and 2009, respectively. Now I'll turn the call back to Michael.
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. Again, we are very pleased with our above-planned performance for the second quarter and first half of 2011. Looking ahead, however, there are a number of unknowns that could impact our business. In addition to the increased uncertainty in the markets and economy, we also don't know how higher sourcing costs will impact us or how customers might react to expected price increases throughout all of retail. We also can't predict how promotional traditional retailers could become in the back half of the year. All of this makes it much more challenging to forecast business trends for the important back-to-school and holiday periods. As a result, although we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to maintain our second half sales and earnings targets. That said, history has shown that our flexible business model will help us navigate today's uncertain environment better than most other retailers. We plan to stay focused on the same tactics that have been so successful for us over the past few years. In other words, offering compelling name-brand bargains while operating our stores with lower inventories and turning our merchandise faster. In addition, we are extremely liquid in our open-to-buy as we enter the second half of the year, which strengthens our ability to react quickly to opportunities that arise in the marketplace. During the past several years, we have seen customers gravitate more toward value retailers. By focusing on and efficiently executing the right business strategies, we believe we can continue to take advantage of this ongoing shift in consumer spending and leverage our favorable position as one of the country's leading off-price retailers. At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Evren Kopelman from Wells Fargo.
Evren Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Can you talk about the distribution expenses? You said both in Q2 and you expect in Q3 the timing of packaway-related is hurting those quarters. Could you talk about 2 things: one is, what does that, assume for by the end of Q3? And then secondly, does that wind down as you sell packaway potentially in Q4? Can you just talk about the dynamics of how that plays out quarter-by-quarter?
John Call: Sure, Evren. We capitalize certain processing and buying costs into those packaway balances. As those packaway balances increase, it actually benefits the quarter. As packaway sells through, those costs will flow through the P&L. So implicit in our third quarter assumptions is packaway levels would come down relative to where they are today. I hope that answers the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez from Nomura.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Just a follow-up to that last one. Your packaway levels stayed flat 2Q versus 1Q, so just wondering why we did see those distribution centers, the distribution cost tick up so much? And then just second, Michael, I'm just wondering, which piece of your business are you most cautious about? You kind of had a cautious tone on the last quarter. Sales came in strong. I'm just wondering if there are any particular categories or regions that you have a certain cautious view towards.
John Call: I'll take the first piece of that, Paul, related to distribution costs. In the second quarter, we were up against the 40 basis point improvement from the prior year, so it was the compare that made it difficult in the second quarter when we were actually building packaway last year.
Michael Balmuth: And in terms of cautious, I feel cautious just really primarily about what's going on externally. It's obviously, without my going into it, there is so many things going on. And certainly, the rising prices that we're going to be looking at, are less -- they are less in our home business, really less in footwear and they're more in apparel, so we have to wait and see there. But overall, the big cautiousness that we feel is relative to the overall external environment.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Michael, are you seeing higher costs already in the product that you're buying?
Michael Balmuth: Well, a lot of the product -- we've seen it several months prior as product has been put in front of us in certain places. Some places we bought, some places we haven't. But this was everything we've been reading about between cotton and labor costs coming out of the Far East. And we can see it translating, to some degree, in mainstream retailing in really sporadic spots now. The big receipts for all of retail are really from September forward. So we'll have to wait and see how that plays out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Stein with Ticonderoga Securities.
Jeffery Stein: I'm just kind of curious, in terms of looking ahead of your packaway strategy perhaps 3 to 6 months out, it seems now that commodity prices are beginning to come down rather sharply, specifically cotton. And I'm wondering as you look ahead to spring of 2012, does it make sense to be less active in packaway and wait for the prices to come down or does that not even enter into the equation?
Michael Balmuth: It enters into the equation but our merchants are very aware of the price dropping in cotton. And so as we buy into packaway and as we bought into packaway in the latter part of spring, we were very aware of that in our -- the price points we were looking for from the market reflected our knowledge of it and that it would be -- prices would be moderating somewhat next spring. So we went in informed.
Jeffery Stein: Okay. And as far as the current sales trends, it's -- you've got a little bit of -- well, you've got about half of August behind you now and you're kind of guiding to a slightly higher comp for August. I assume that you're just kind of feeling better about the early trend in August or is there just something about August last year and timing of what's going into the stores this year that just gives you reason to be optimistic for the entire month looking ahead?
Michael Balmuth: I actually think we really can't comment on that, all right. It's just -- it's a midmonth comment of -- about -- you're asking me almost to imply -- to comment and we really can't.
Jeffery Stein: Okay. Final question, order cancellations, what are you hearing from the vendors right now, and are retailers beginning to get a bit gun-shy? Are they beginning to cancel orders? And are you hearing -- are you getting more incoming calls from your vendors?
Michael Balmuth: I would answer it this way. We don't always know why product is surfacing in the market. In fact, usually, the market doesn't share that with us. But in the last month, there has been an uptick in availability. So I would assume there's been some, some of what you're asking about, but we don't know factually why that product has been surfacing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tunick with JPMorgan.
Brian Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Question is, I guess, shifting from packaway to shrink, I know it's the third quarter where we obviously have the most discussion around it. We're just trying to understand between the systems implementation you guys have had and the inventory per store declines over the last couple of years, you have that 100 basis point benefit in '09. Are you at an abnormally low rate of reserve? We're just trying to understand why does that have to normalize? Hasn't the business changed about how you operate it today? And then the second question, can you talk about what you're expecting now for the dd's contribution for this year's earnings?
Michael O'Sullivan: Brian, I'll answer the first part of that on shrink. We've done a number of things over the last few years to better control shortage in terms of improving security at stores, lowering inventories, all those kinds of things. And they've been pretty successful and as you know over the last couple of years, we've been able to take advantage of that and bring down our shrink costs. We're now accruing shrink and it's what we experienced last year. And we have no reason at this point to think it's going to be different than that, but we won't really know until we take our September for this inventory. And once we know that, we'll know whether or not shrink is adding accrual, or better or maybe even worse, but we won't know until we take that -- this inventory.
John Call: And Brian, as far as your dd's question is concerned, last year, dd's was just slightly over breakeven, and this year, we're -- we'll be even slightly ahead of that, so we're pleased with dd's financial performance today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Black with Citigroup.
Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc: Michael, any precedent in the packaway dynamic with seeing a slowdown with these kinds of levels of packaway? I mean, I know you planned the business for a certain level of sales trends. And I know we're not changing those a lot, but assuming they decline for whatever reason, I mean, how sensitive is gross margin? Wouldn't it be more with these levels of packaway than less? And just what's the currency, in your opinion, of the packaway levels should we get a slowdown?
Michael Balmuth: Okay. We're -- we have a lot of detailed information on currency and we manage currency in packaway in a very aggressive manner. And what I would say about packaway, to us, it's some of the best bargains in our store. So if we have a downtick in business, okay, packaway is least what I'm worried about, okay. This is -- this product is really terrific name-brand bargains that we are buying, what we believe, and usually, we're -- we've been right more than wrong, by a lot in this, we're usually at the right prices. So we're not worried in that regard, okay? We're very confident in what we have there and we manage it very aggressively.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Patel with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rick Patel - BofA Merrill Lynch: Your guidance assumes that comps will modestly accelerate from the third quarter to the fourth, but you'll be going up against some more difficult comparisons. So can you just put that into context for us? Perhaps talk about the drivers of that increase and your level of confidence of hitting those numbers given the economic challenges that we're seeing?
Michael Balmuth: Okay. The Q4, we have some confidence in Q4 relative to Q3, greater confidence based on some merchandise strategies that we have in place that have been carefully thought out that relate to what customers usually want more in Q4 that they're not looking for in Q3 that's really related to more gift giving. And frankly, there's also a better calendar, with an extra Saturday in Q4 versus last year.
Rick Patel - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then, can you talk about your outlook for dd's? Those customers could be a little bit more sensitive to economic headwinds than the people shopping Ross. So are you doing anything differently in that business from a pricing or merchandising perspective to get that going?
Michael Balmuth: Really, we're sticking to our knitting there, and so far, we're very comfortable with how customers reacted to how we've adjusted. We haven't had to make major adjustments at all, okay. We might be buying a little closer to need there than we had. That's about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley.
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: John, I'm wondering if you could help us understand third quarter guidance, dd's expected performance of your physical inventory counts? In other words, does the $1.00 to $1.04 assume that your shrink results are in line with last year or would there be a benefit or a decrement to that guidance if your shrink results were more in line with your 2010 performance?
John Call: The current guidance assumes that their performance is in line with last year. It doesn't assume any benefit if our shrink rates go down...
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So the shrink -- sorry, go ahead.
John Call: I mean, we're using -- our accrual rate is based on last year's results and that's what we're using.
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And you'll get a small benefit, I guess, a 15 basis point benefit in the third quarter from -- or would you get a benefit in third quarter if the shrink results are in line with last year? Or did you catch up on that accrual in the second quarter?
John Call: No, we'd get a benefit, the 15 -- there would be a 15 basis point benefit if shrink results came in, in line with our accrual.
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So that's basically embedded in your guidance already?
John Call: That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stacy Pak with Barclays Capital.
Stacy Pak - Barclays Capital: I guess there was some more macro type questions and then, just on the buying, I want to understand what you said on the pricing. I think you said you are experiencing higher pricing, sort of higher costs, and I'm wondering is that just on upfront buys? It doesn't seem like it makes sense that it would be on excess. And if so, what percent are you doing upfront? I guess as a follow-up to that is, do you need to take prices up to maintain a flat merchandise margin in the second half? And with packaway at 49% now, you said there is more product available in the last month. Do you have enough room to take advantage of that product? And I have 2 other follow-ups.
Michael Balmuth: Okay. That's a lot. Okay. Your first question is prices that I was talking about are -- we've seen across the board, line prices and manufacturers took their product prices up to mainstream retailers, so that would be on any name brand -- virtually any name brand that was cotton-based. I shouldn't say it that way. Many name brands, okay, with cotton-based products took prices up. I think that's not new news. We buy a -- some small part of our business or a portion of our business on an upfront basis. It's not a significant -- it's not our main part of our business. It's not the significant part of what we buy, but we do some of that around. And do we need...
Stacy Pak - Barclays Capital: And that's where you're seeing the price -- the cost pressure, though? Because you don't see it under the excess you buy in the market, do you?
Michael Balmuth: No, everything is bought -- when we buy excess, it's every item as a negotiation. And so, no, that we haven't seen. And excess prices, to be -- if most of the product that's coming in at higher retail, that's coming in starting in September, that excess really hasn't been sold yet. So it's premature for me to answer that piece of that, but we haven't seen it so far, okay. Do we need the -- the third part of your question or the second, might -- do we need prices to be up to achieve our sales trend? Did I capture that correctly?
Stacy Pak - Barclays Capital: To be a flat merchandise margin, do you have to take pricing up to achieve a flat merchandise margin?
Michael Balmuth: No. Okay. And that we don't have to do. And do we have room, if more packaway opportunities are available to us? We'll find room, okay? We think packaway is a great tool for us in our model, and we're happy if we can find great bargains and we're thrilled our buyers are doing that, so we will find the space.
Stacy Pak - Barclays Capital: Okay. And last 2 questions are, are you seeing any difference in the response to the macro, whatever piece you want to call out, whether it's gas prices or the market or the volatility or et cetera, in the dd's customer versus the Ross customer? And then the last question is, how many of the Ross Stores are in the new format like I've seen in -- on Market Street in San Francisco, and what kind of metrics are you achieving in those stores, which I've got to tell you, I think look fabulous?
Michael Balmuth: First, I'll take the dd's versus Ross, we're not seeing a materially different response from our customers.
Michael O'Sullivan: On your question about the store refurbs in Market Street. Stacy, we continually upgrade our stores from time to time. Market Street is an unusual store, it's a downtown store. And over the last few years, I think we've pretty much upgraded all of our downtown stores. And similarly, in our non-downtown stores, we continue to cycle through a program of upgrading those in terms of fixtures and climate [ph] over time.
Stacy Pak - Barclays Capital: So what percentage of the fleet is remodeled now? And do you get different metrics in there that you would share?
Michael Balmuth: By the end of Q1 next year, the entire fleet will have -- we're not calling it a remodel, but we're refreshing our sign and refreshing fixtures as well. So by the end of Q1, the entire fleet will be done. We went into it not looking for a return, so to speak, but we are seeing, as we clean, as we brighten up our stores and as we put in new sign, package new fixtures, it provides us with the flexibility that we need to merchandise our product and the customers responded well to what we're doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Cowen and Company.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC: I was hoping you would talk a little bit about the new market openings in Illinois and Arkansas, and what the store launches might look like for next year in those new markets. And also, I know it's been years, but what did you learn when you launched at Southeast that will help you get that Midwest customer to know your brands? How are you advertising as you enter those markets?
Michael O'Sullivan: Laura, Michael O'Sullivan. I'll take that. So yes, as Michael mentioned, we'll be opening 12 stores in the Chicago area later this year. And you could expect that, obviously, in 2012 and 2013, we'll follow that up with other new stores opening in the Midwest. Over the last few years, we've grown by backfilling an existing market. That's been an important strategy for us. We've been able to use that time to make a number of improvements that we think will help us as we expand in new markets. Many of those are based upon learnings that we had in the Southeast, things like improving our assortment mix, and we've also had time to improve level of assortments and we think that will help us. We've also, I think, learned some things in terms of building awareness and our marketing programs that will apply. And I think the third thing that we learned is it does take time when you enter new markets, and we are sort of going in with that philosophy, that we are committed to the market, we know we'll be successful long-term, but it's going to take a few years to build our awareness. In that context, what you should know is, in the next 2, 3 years, the new markets really aren't going to be material. I mean, we're talking about 12 stores in the Chicago area at the end of this year on a base of thousands, so financially, it's not very material commitment. Over a longer period of time, obviously, those stores will be important to us, but for the next few years, they really won't be that significant.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with the Retail Tracker.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Could you talk a little bit about some of the non-apparel categories, any updates you can give there? You talked about jewelry and accessories, but have some others, personal care, shoes and things like that. And I was also curious, if you've seen traffic fall off at all since, what I guess they call the CNN effect has taken hold.
Michael Balmuth: Okay. Non-apparel categories, broad question. I'd say we're happy this year with our results. We were happy last quarter with our results, primarily driven by home and footwear, okay? And accessories, as I called out. So we're very happy with that piece of our business. They keep -- it keeps -- those businesses keep becoming a more important part of our total and having more business like that, that are non-apparel, the customers vote a yes. So we think it's -- we're happy. We're building our investment and building our merchant organization there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Jaffe from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I guess a couple of questions on dd. Obviously, a business that's been on a growth tier and with your confidence of building a fair number of stores in the second half, 10 more stores, wondering how the profit outlook looks. Will this be materially profitable this year? I know you've talked about it turning a corner this year. I'm wondering how favorable that might play out to be or how favorable you think it could be.
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, sure. So Richard, yes we've been happy with dd's. The comp performance of dd's has been very good and above-planed, and actually maybe even the biggest story of dd's in the last few years has been how successful we've been in expanding contribution margin. So from a profitability point of view, we're happy with the dd's business and I think as we've announced before, expectation of dd's will be accretive to our -- slightly accretive to our earnings this year.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just if you could remind us the difference between Ross and dd in terms of average unit retail, has that changed at all?
John Call: No, the average unit retail at dd's is probably about 20% lower than Ross so it's probably an $8-ish price point while Ross is $10, $11 price point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Mann with Johnson Rice.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: If we could go back to shrink for a moment. I'm curious about if you can talk about the opportunity that you might have envisioned when you embarked on some of these initiatives. And how does the current shrink level maybe compare to where you thought you could be or to some industry standard that you might be benchmarking?
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. A typical question to answer, David. I think we've taken a number of measures that we believe would help improve shrink and they have. We don't know whether we've reached the end of that yet or not. So it's possible we'll see further improvements, but until we take this inventory, it'd be very hard for us to know.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: Okay. And then one of the, I guess, drivers has been the reduction in inventory per store, can you give us a sense when you start looking out to 2012, do you see any or material further opportunity to reduce inventory per store?
Michael Balmuth: Yes. We haven't finalized our inventory plans, but we'll be reducing inventory.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: Inventory per store?
Michael Balmuth: Per store, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Omar Saad from ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc.: I wanted to ask you guys another question about the Midwest expansion. Obviously, reflects a lot of confidence in the business and the results certainly belie that as well. Can you talk about what really brought you over the top more recently to make that -- to pull the trigger on that after like you said, 10 years of not really moving into a new market? What were the key factors that made you guys really comfortable with that move?
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, Omar, I think our plan has always been to expand geographically. We have 1,000 stores, but we're only in 27 states. And we have a firm belief that customers across the United States will respond well to Ross when they have an opportunity to shop there. So our plan has always been to expand, it's just a question of timing. And over the last few years, as I mentioned before, we've made a number of investments, particularly in merchandise planning but in other areas, too, in preparation for this kind of expansion. So based on that, 2011 is the first year that we'll start expansion.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. And if I could, could you talk a little bit about the inventory, the pick up in inventory? I know you've been seeing great buys out there and building the packaway, should we be looking for a comp acceleration as this great packaway inventory flows in the stores over time and when we might see that as consumers see the great product and respond at the sale -- at the retail level?
Michael Balmuth: Yes, we are very pleased with finding these bargains and we're very pleased we have them in packaways. But to be talking about further comp acceleration in the current environment, I'm not prepared to do. I would just say this will enhance our ability to do as well as we can in what the environment brings.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pamela Quintiliano from Oppenheimer.
Pamela Quintiliano - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: I had a few questions. I was wondering if you could possibly quantify, when you talk about higher costs, if it's in that 10% to 15% range we're hearing from others? And also along those lines, if the other retailers do -- are actually able to take up pricing, are you going to respond accordingly and take it up while continuing your pricing continuum, and if so, how quickly can you do that?
Michael Balmuth: Okay. I would say, what I've read, produced and from other conference calls, somewhere between, depending on the category, 5% to 7% or 10% to 15%, okay? That's what we see happening in mainstream. Will that happen at Ross? We haven't planned our business that way, okay? They'll be up but not in that manner, okay? Your part 2 was -- could you repeat the part 2, please?
Pamela Quintiliano - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: If full-line retailer were to take pricing up, would you do so on the comparable product while maintaining that pricing continuum that your business is based on?
Michael Balmuth: Over time, we would look at it, okay? But we wouldn't -- full-line retailers take prices up. They also have a vehicle of POSing it down, so we really have to watch and see how they behave before we respond too rapidly in price increases.
Pamela Quintiliano - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: So there would be a potential gap then? If they took up pricing, you wouldn't be following right away?
Michael Balmuth: We would ultimately end up in the same value differential, but in the period we were watching this, I would say we won't be up as much.
Pamela Quintiliano - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And then if I could just ask one more question regarding -- when you talked about the uptick in availability of inventories in the last month, can you give any further detail on particular classifications? You've mentioned just apparel, men's or women's, shoes, anything like that?
Michael Balmuth: I would say across the board.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wilson with Tiburon Research.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group, Inc.: John, can -- does packaway -- the increased use of packaway, does that impact shrink at all?
John Call: No. Our shrink happens in the starts not the DCs. So no, it doesn't impact our shrink perspective at all.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And in your original guidance in early February, you suggested that depreciation expense would be $200 million to $210 million, but it keeps coming in below LY the first 2 quarters. Do you have a new expectation for depreciation?
John Call: No, probably for the decrease in depreciation may be slightly slower capital spending than we had before, so we haven't put out a new perspective on depreciation.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group, Inc.: Well, I guess, to go to capital expenditures, you had a $390 million expectation. Has that been lowered?
John Call: It has. So right now, the expectation is about $315 million. We have certain projects that we'll plan to kick off in the fourth quarter this year that will move probably the first quarter, first half of next year.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group, Inc.: Okay. You said $315 million, 3-1-5?
John Call: That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Montagna from Avondale Partners.
Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC: Just a couple of questions about shrink and your open-to-buy. Regarding open-to-buy, can you give us a order of magnitude as to how much bigger your open-to-buy for the second half is compared to last year? And then as far as shrink, you've pulled a lot of levers over the years to benefit the shrink in terms of changing your procedures. Is the last key lever that remains continuing to -- is it to continue to reduce in-store inventories?
Michael Balmuth: Those open-to-buy, I would answer it this way, it's significantly more than a year ago.
Gary Cribb: On the shrink, reducing inventories, there's been a clear relationship to our shortage reductions. But as we've implemented new initiatives, a couple of things have become clear to us. One, we can always execute those initiatives better and are hopeful that we'll see improvement when we do that. And two, as the shortage is reduced, we see new opportunities to target. So as we continue to move on, we're hopeful that we'll do better.
Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC: All right. Just a follow-up question, last question in terms of costs, clearly apparel costs have gone up, but can you give us an order of magnitude on comparing the rise in apparel costs versus maybe the rise you're seeing in footwear costs?
Michael Balmuth: Apparel, sizably more.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Michael, can you talk a little bit about compared to 2008 when we saw a period of weakness, how is this time different of what you're seeing in product availability? Is it different in terms of quantity, product categories, pricing?
Michael Balmuth: Okay. It's -- I'd say the biggest difference is the level of availability, okay. Just how much is out there, okay. And I think part of it is -- 2008 is just pretty recent news for everyone. So I think retailer manufacturers just lived through this and they're acting -- they're going to act somewhat quicker than they have in the past. I think everyone's learned their lesson.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: And as you see pricing, is the pricing different this time than how you compare with the department stores?
Michael Balmuth: I'm not exactly sure what you mean by that. We know department stores' pricing is going up, so tell me what you're looking for.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Right. So what I mean by that is, is your pricing going to be even more competitive this time than it's been in the past?
Michael Balmuth: That would be our plan. That would be how we're trying to do it.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: And with having dd's in the mix now, does that differentiate the margins complexion of the company?
Michael Balmuth: I don't think so. I don't think so.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn it back over for closing remarks.
Michael Balmuth: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Balmuth - Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael O'Sullivan - President and Chief Operating Officer John Call - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Sean Naughton - Piper Jaffray David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C. Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Stacy Pak - Prudential Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Brian Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank Jeffery Stein - Soleil Securities Group, Inc. David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Evren Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Ross Stores First Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by management, followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Before we get started, on behalf of Ross Stores, I would like to note that the comments made on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results, including sales and earnings forecasts and other matters that are based on the company's current forecast of aspects of its future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. Risk factors are included in today's press release and the company's fiscal 2010 Form 10-K and 2011 Form 8-Ks on file with the SEC.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Also on our call are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bobbi Chaville, Senior Director of Investor Relations. We'll begin with a brief review of our first quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. Today we reported first quarter earnings per share of $1.48, up from $1.16 per share for the 2010 first quarter. These results represent a robust 28% increase on top of an exceptional 61% gain in the prior year. Net earnings for the current year quarter grew 22% to $173 million, up from $142.3 million last year. Our 2011 first quarter sales increased 7% to $2,075,000,000 with comparable store sales up 3% on top of an outstanding 10% gain in the prior year. Both sales and earnings in the first quarter were better than expected, with solid gains on top of very tough prior year comparisons. These results were mainly driven by our ongoing ability to deliver a wide array of compelling name-brand bargains to today's value-focused customers while operating our business on leaner in-store inventories. Dresses, Shoes and Home were the top performing merchandise categories with same-store sales gains in the mid-single to low-double-digit percentage range, while Florida and Texas were the strongest regions, also posting high single to low-double-digit increases in comparable store sales. Operating margin grew about 160 basis points to a record 13.7% due to a 130 basis point increase in gross margin and a 30 basis point improvement in selling, general and administrative costs as a percent of sales. John will provide some additional details in a few minutes. As we ended the first quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 29%. This increase was driven by higher packaway that was about 48% of total inventories, up from 33% at this time last year as our buyers continued to find great deals in the marketplace. Packaway as a percent of total inventory is somewhat higher today than in the past due to the significant reduction in selling store inventories. Packaway, however, as a percent of sales is similar to average levels over the past 5 years. Average selling store inventories were down about 8% at quarter-end versus the prior year. We are still targeting in-store inventories to decline in the mid-single-digit percentage range over the balance of the year compared to 2010. Let's turn now to our store expansion program. We are excited about our growth plans for 2011, which include our first major new market entry since we entered the Southeast almost a decade ago. We remain on track to open a total of about 60 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS locations for the full year, including, as previously reported, our initial entry into Illinois and Arkansas, with about 15 stores in the fall of this year. I am pleased to report that dd's DISCOUNTS also achieved above planned sales and gross margin in the first quarter. Like Ross, dd's continues to benefit from our ability to flow a larger percentage of fresh product to our stores by operating on lower inventory levels. The ongoing solid gains in sales and profitability at dd's also reflect that its value-focused merchandise offerings are resonating well with its customers. Based on our first quarter results and outlook for the balance of the year, we continue to expect dd's DISCOUNTS to generate solid growth in its pretax earnings for 2011.  Now John will provide some additional color on our first quarter results and details on our guidance for the second quarter.
John Call: Thank you. Our 3% comparable store sales gain in the first quarter was driven by a low-single-digit growth in both the number of transactions and the size of the average basket. Again, operating margin improved by about 160 basis points in the quarter to 13.7%, driven by a 130 basis point increase in gross margin and a 30 basis point decline in selling, general and administrative costs as a percent of sales. Merchandise margin increased about 95 basis points, mainly due to lower than prior markdowns resulting from above planned sales and faster turns. The merchandise margin improvement also includes a 15 basis point benefit from a somewhat lower shortage accrual compared to last year.  Occupancy and distribution costs were also lower than expected, contributing about 25 and 20 basis points, respectively, to operating margin. Partially offsetting these improvements was a 25 basis point increase in freight costs, mainly due to higher fuel prices. The 30 basis point decline in selling, general and administrative costs and the percent of sales was due about equally to a combination of leverage, comps to [ph] operating costs, and general and administrative expenses. Our tax rate remains unchanged from last year's first quarter, while our buyback program drove a 5% decline in diluted shares outstanding for the period. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.6 million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $112 million. We continued to return a significant amount of our excess cash to stockholders through our dividend and stock repurchase programs. Earlier this year, we announced a 2-year, $900 million stock repurchase program for 2011 and 2012 and raised our cash dividend by 38%. We remain on track to complete approximately $450 million, or about half of our current authorization, by the end of 2011. Let's turn now to our second quarter guidance. For the 13 weeks ending July 30, 2011, we are forecasting same-store sales to increase 2% to 3% on top of the 4% gain in the prior year. Second quarter 2011 earnings per share are forecasted to be in the range of $1.15 to $1.20. This represents projected EPS growth of 7% to 12%, on top of 30% and 52% gains in the second quarters of 2010 and 2009, respectively. Our second quarter 2011 EPS targets are based on the following assumptions: Total sales are expected to grow about 6% to 7%, driven by a combination of new store growth and, as mentioned, same-store sales that are targeted to be up 2% to 3%. We are forecasting about 23 net new stores to open during the period, including 15 Ross Dress for Less and 8 dd's DISCOUNTS. We are planning comparable store sales gains of 2% to 3% for each month of the quarter. Last year's same-store sales rose 5% in May and June and 2% in July. We are projecting operating margin of 10.8% to 11% for the 2011 second quarter. This compares to 11.1% in the second quarter of 2010, which was up 140 basis points on top of an outstanding 260 basis point increase in 2009. There are a number of reasons why we are planning operating margins to be slightly down in the second quarter compared to a much better than planned 160 basis point growth in the first quarter. For we are still projecting a slight increase in merchandise margin for the second quarter, this growth is forecasted to be much less than the 95 basis point gain we just reported. That improvement was mainly driven by sales that were well above plan, resulting in faster turns and much lower markdowns. In addition, our second quarter guidance assume that we start to see some modest pressure on margins from higher sourcing prices. Distribution expenses as a percent of sales was declined about 20 basis points in the first quarter, our forecasted increase in the second quarter. This is mainly due to timing of packaway related expenses. As a reminder, we capitalize buying and distribution costs associated with packaway inventory and recognize those expenses from the merchandises sold. Last year, distribution expenses declined by 40 basis points in the second quarter as packaway levels rolled. This year, distribution costs [ph] are forecast to increase by a similar amount as packaway levels are projected to decline somewhat. Finally, as previously mentioned, occupancy contributed about 25 basis points to operating margin in the first quarter. This was mainly due to about 20 basis points from occupancy-related savings for certain locations combined with slight leverage on the mall [ph] planned sales. Net interest expense is planned to be approximately $2.5 million and our tax rate is expected to be about 37% to 38%. We also estimate weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about 116 million.  Now I'll turn the call back to Michael.
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. I want to reiterate that we are very pleased with our better-than-expected start to the year, especially given the tough prior year comparisons and the ongoing challenging macroeconomic and retail climate. It's also important to note that our guidance for the balance of the year takes into consideration some potential external factors that could pressure our business. These include the ongoing uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, as well as our expectations, as previously mentioned, for higher sourcing costs. Nevertheless, we remain confident that our flexible business model will help us navigate the environment better than most full-priced retailers. While we hope to do better based on our recent performance trends, we are now forecasting some incremental upside to our original earnings guidance for the balance of the year. As noted in today's press release, we have raised our full year fiscal 2011 earnings per share forecast from $5.16 to $5.31, which is ahead of our initial guidance of $4.90 to $5.10. This updated earnings per share range represents projected growth of 11% to 15% in fiscal 2011, on top of exceptional 31% and 52% gains in 2010 and 2009, respectively. As we said before, we know that our ability to give customers the best bargains possible is and always will be the key to our success. To ensure that we have ongoing access to a plentiful supply of off-price product, we are making further investments in our merchandise organization. Continued expansion of our merchant staff reflects that delivering compelling bargains to our customers remains our number one priority and also our most important strategy. Our recent example of the benefits we are seeing from this investment is the terrific buys we have been able to make on packaway and in-season merchandise that helped drive our much better than expected performance in the first quarter. During the turbulent economic environment of the last couple of years, we have seen customers gravitate more toward off-price retailers. Looking ahead, we believe that this increased focus on value by consumers will continue, which bodes well for our business. At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line Paul Lejuez from Nomura.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Guys, you obviously have a lot of experience with packaway merchandise. Just wondering if you can maybe share with us the typical merchandise margin that you would see on that sort of product relative to non-packaway buys. And then I'm also wondering, what are your markdown levels looking like this year end of first quarter versus last year?
John Call: I would say packaway margins in the respective categories of merchandise are slightly higher, okay? But it all depends on balance and how we purchased it and better versus moderate product. But like product, category to category, it's slightly higher.
Michael Balmuth: Something I'd add to that, Paul, is that when we look at the average retail of packaway items, tends to be a little bit lower, sort of better value and the packaway tends to turn a little bit faster.
John Call: And relative to your question about markdown levels in the first quarter, merchandise margin improved by 95 basis points, 15 of that was due to shortage and the most substantial part of the remaining 80 was digital [ph] markdowns.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: How about ending the quarter, John?
John Call: What's that?
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: How about at the end of the first quarter; what are markdown levels look like relative to last year?
John Call: So our clearance levels were down at the end of the first quarter about 15% if that's where you're going, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tunick from JPMorgan.
Brian Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co: As you move into the new stage, just curious sort of what are you doing differently, marketing or logistic-wise, as you enter the new market today versus a couple of years ago to ensure success? And then the second question, on the CapEx or the store build out cost side, what's sort of happening there as we hear some of the landlords are having some financing issues? How is that changing the economics for you guys?
Michael O'Sullivan: I'll take the first part of that, Brian, in terms of what are we doing in new markets. I'd say a couple of things, we've done a number -- we've pursued a number of initiatives in the last few years across the chain, but I think will be particularly helpful in new markets. First of all, the investments we've made in improved localized planning and trending, what I call micro-merchandising, that should be particularly helpful as we move into new markets in terms of making sure we have the right assortment and trending that assortment based upon the local customer needs. Secondly, the investments in the Merchant group that Michael referenced in his comments, again, I think will help the new markets because they help the whole chain. And then the leader inventories, meaning that the merchandise will turn faster and we'll be able to replenish it more rapidly with merchandise that we think is more appropriate for that customer based upon the sales trend. So there are a number of things that make us feel like we're in better shape now than we were several years ago in new markets. The other point that I'd make, though, is I think we've learned a lot from our expansion into the Southeast in terms of marketing and operation, and we're obviously employing some of those learnings as we enter new markets. And then the final thing, the final point to make is that in our plans, although the new markets are important to us, financially, they're not going to be material for these next couple of years. The 6% or 7% unit growth that we're forecasting, only 1 to 2 points of that is in the new market, so I think it's important to put that in context.
John Call: So on the second point of your question, Brian, CapEx related to new stores will be about $110 million this year, up from $76 million last year, driven by a couple of factors. One, we're rolling out more stores. And secondly, the stores require a little bit more CapEx as we take on more of the ownership of the buildout.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Adrianne Shapira from Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I'm just wondering if you could, your comments about some modest pressures and sourcing costs. If maybe you could shed some light, quantify what you're seeing in the market today.
Michael Balmuth: I'm sorry, I couldn't hear some of the question. Could you repeat it please?
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I was just asking you to better sort of following on your comments about just pressure from sourcing costs, if you could just quantify what you're seeing in the marketplace today.
Michael Balmuth: Well, clearly, every manufacturer is discussing and those that are public companies are discussing the sourcing costs increases from the Far East. We are seeing it in terms of our dialogue with them and we expect it to really be more impactful as we move to latter part of the second quarter into the third quarter. The one thing that isn't clear is how this will all play out. Typically, changes of pricing like this is a disruption in the industry and in the past, it's been good for our price, so we don't know how this will play out. This is a very different situation and powerbase [ph] companies have seen for a long, long time seeing inflation in power versus deflation. So we're fortunate that we have a flexible model and can react to how this plays out by business and with the correct dollars within our stores to businesses in a very simple way. We operate our business with a lot of liquidity, so we are seeing that manufacturers want to raise their retail, want their retails to be raised in mainstream stores. We're seeing mainstream retailers try this. We're not sure how effective or not it is yet, but we have our eyes very much attuned to it and for us, it's more news to follow, but it's now become a way of life for us to monitor -- even more so than before to monitor everything that's going on in mainstream retail as it relates to pricing.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just following up on your comments, 2 points you raised. I mean, it sounds like some people have been trying to pass on modest increases early in the year. I'm wondering if you're sensing any disruption, and have you been opportunistic in light of any disruptions people have had a harder time passing on even the modest level today. And then second, as you're looking for pressure to mount in the back half, if you could kind of quantify it, what sort of increases are the manufacturers talking about?
Michael Balmuth: I got the first part of the question, the second one I'll wind up coming back to you on. The first part of the question, in terms of -- we're seeing cycled amounts of product in the marketplace. I don't know if it's directly attributable to the pricing increases or sales not materializing at certain sectors of retail to the degree that they forecast or if there are other problems inside their 4 walls. But it's been a very good buying market as our packaway levels have shown. And I'm sorry, I did miss the second part of the question.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Sure. And I was just asking if you could quantify the increases that you're alluding to in the back half, what manufacturers are looking to pass on?
Michael Balmuth: It depends on the category, certain categories are minimal. Certainly, cotton-based categories are highest. In some cases, they're in low double digits. In other cases, they're in low singles. But it varies everywhere by sector of the store and manufacturer within that and how some manufacturers are absorbing more, others are passing on more. So it's -- that's as specific as I can be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evren Kopelman from Wells Fargo.
Evren Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I wanted to ask about the strong regions and the strong categories for Florida and Texas. What do you think is driving the better results there? I mean, Florida, as you've been calling out for a while, and how sustainable is double-digit comps there? And same question for the strong categories, is it more space allocation? Is it something else? And again, how sustainable are kind of the dress and shoe comps?
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, Evren, on the regions, Florida and Texas have been our strongest regions. But I would say that actually across the chain, all our regions have been performing reasonably well. In Florida or Texas, with Florida in particular, the economy in Florida over a number of years, the study we, our comps going back 2 or 3 years ago were very weak, so we think we're recovering and have recovered quite a lot of that business. And I don't have a comment on Texas.
Michael Balmuth: And relative to the strong categories, going into any selling period, we identify where we feel we have the strongest ammunition in terms of product, and that ties to both fashion trends as well as product availability that's in our hotel [ph] and also what we expect in the marketplace. And so, I would say the categories that are performing best in our store that we referred to in the comments were all of the above. We think there are fashion trends going on in the apparel basis, few parallel parts of that, that are very dominant to what's going on in apparel today, as well as they were early -- we identify them early and we funded them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Naughton from Piper Jaffray.
Sean Naughton - Piper Jaffray: In terms of the comp guidance for the second quarter, your 2-year trend has been steadily in the low double digits for about the last 9 months and your forecast is for a mid- to high single. Is there anything in terms of the second quarter from last year that we should be thinking about in year-over-year comparisons or anything you're seeing in the business that we should think that -- why that could potentially slow?
Michael O'Sullivan: The only thing I can point to, Sean, is that the last few years there's been -- with the economic decline, et cetera, there's been so many shifts in the economy and in the retail sector that looking back just over 2 years is a little bit misleading. If you look back over 3 years or even 4 years, I think you'll see that the guidance that we have out there -- or that we're just putting out there for Q2 is in line with Q1. But you have [indiscernible].
Sean Naughton - Piper Jaffray: Yes, that's fair. And then in terms of dd's, maybe Michael, you can talk about -- the sales and gross margin sounded like they were ahead of plan internally. Can you give us an update on whether or not this division was positive to the operating margin in Q1? And how you're thinking about that business as you roll it out for all of 2011?
Michael Balmuth: Yes. So Sean, for the first quarter, dd's did well and even before allocations was positive; we're on trend with that business. The guidance we gave to start the year was that, that business would be slightly accretive to earnings, and we're on pace to do that.
Sean Naughton - Piper Jaffray: Okay, that's good to hear. And then maybe just lastly, in terms of the SG&A, obviously nice leverage on that 3% comp in Q1, should we expect that similar type of leverage throughout the balance of the year if you are able to achieve this latest level of same-store sales?
Michael O'Sullivan: There are a couple of unusual factors that affected the margin in Q1 that Michael referenced in his comments, particularly the timing of distribution expenses that we wouldn't expect to recur in the balance of the year. So would we expect some leverage on a 2% comp? Yes, but not as much as we saw in Q1.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Black from Citigroup.
Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc: So I guess my question, I just don't recall seeing inventory 20% above the sales rate even when we had high levels of packaway. I mean, back in '04, we were, 3s and 4s above the sales rate, but not 20%. So what do we expect to end Q2 would be the question. And the other part of the question is just on the liquidity dynamic. I mean, as you get in to the back half with these high levels of packaway, will we be able to take advantage of inventory buys should they emerge?
Michael O'Sullivan: Let me take the first piece, Jeff, about the inventory growth. I think it is very important to separate out packaway inventory, which we're planning to roll out later in the season or even in next season, from selling store inventory. The selling store inventory continues to be reduced and actually will continue to be reduced in the sort of high single digits for the rest of the year. And that's what's driving our costs of turn and then our markdowns. The packaway is much more opportunistic, and although it looks high as a percentage of inventory, the truth is that because we've been turning our inventories, that's actually quite our misleading metric. If you look at packaway as a percentage of receipts or as a percentage of sales, it's in line with our average over the last 5 years, and actually, it's somewhat lower than it was 8 to 10 years ago. So based upon that, we feel like our inventories are in pretty good shape.
Michael Balmuth: And with what Michael just said, that we show very comfortable about our ability to chase the business and be totally liquid for fall, and that packaway, which is some of the best buys in our store, okay, is not in any way going to be an inhibitor of us to take advantage of market opportunities.
Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc: And then, the end 2Q, where do we see the just total inventory levels going?
John Call: So in-store levels, let's piece that out again and we can add them back up. But in-store levels should be down, as Michael mentioned, for the year they should be down mid single-digits. And packaway levels, on a sequential basis, we're planning those to come down slightly in the second quarter. The [indiscernible] levels, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley.
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: Michael, the sales growth in the first quarter far exceeded what we expected, and I think that your plan as well. I'm wondering if you can just talk about the drivers of the upside. It didn't seem like weather was particularly favorable in Q1, and is it that the content of the merchandise you were able to buy was just so much better than last year? If you could just dig down a little bit and shed some light on those drivers, that would be helpful.
Michael Balmuth: Okay. Really, what I would say is 2 aspects. What we were buying in season was better than we expected, and our packaway, which we had accumulated in several months prior, performed at a very strong level. Additionally, we had certain businesses that had been strong for us for a period of time that continued to perform as we expected or as we hoped at a very high-level. And in those businesses, we found plenty of product as we were going, and those were the businesses that we identified in the comp.
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: That's for second quarter?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stacy Pak with Barclays Capital.
Stacy Pak - Prudential: I guess I have a few questions, but I'm wondering if you can just start with the sourcing costs increase in Q2 and increase in the second half. And I guess, fundamentally, you're mostly buying excess, right? So why -- I mean, why would you really expect your costs to go up if you're buying what other people don't really want? I mean, I thought that sort of the fundamental thing in off price was you're not going to be as impacted by the rise in sourcing just because of that factor. So could you start with that?
Michael Balmuth: I'll start with it. There's a big unknown for all this, for all -- in this for all of us. But essentially, manufacturers are going to be paying more. There's a possibility that even on their excess, we might have to pay a little more than we paid a year ago, okay? And so that has some pressure. We don't know how our customer would respond to that. Or if we'll pass it on to them. So it'll depend by category, by timing of buys, by vendor, by brand label. So there's many, many variables. But at this location like this, in the past, it's been positive, but this is such a different dislocation, we're a little uncertain to its implication. Remember there has not been inflation in power prices for years and years, so...
Stacy Pak - Prudential: Right. And you're not paying more yet, are you?
Michael Balmuth: We're not paying more yet would be an appropriate comment on closeouts. But we don't know what's ahead here, okay?
Stacy Pak - Prudential: Okay. And then on May, will you comment whether you're in line with the 2% to 3%. I'm also wondering if we should use a 30% flow-through, if there is upside to sales going forward or if we should be using a different flow-through to upside on sales going forward? And then lastly, can you talk about how we should think about shrink, or the opportunity in shrink, going into the back half of the year?
John Call: I think your question was flow-through and, yes, we'd say about 25%, 30% is appropriate for our model. The third part of your question was relative to shrink and last year in the third quarter, we picked up about $0.10 relative to our expectations around shrink. Right now, our guidance does not include any benefit that we may get from shrink.
Stacy Pak - Prudential: I guess, okay. But do think you're going to get a benefit on top of the $0.10 benefit from last year is the real question.
Michael O'Sullivan: We take physical inventory in September, Stacy; it's hard to predict that. Certainly, over the last year, we've made investments to try and reduce shortage. Which have then have settled [ph]. So we hope to do well, but really, it's very hard to predict.
Stacy Pak - Prudential: Okay. And then I didn't hear, did you answer the May?
John Call: Yes. The answer was we don't comment on mid-month sales. I'm sure that's not the answer you wanted, but that's our fault.
Stacy Pak - Prudential: Okay. And then just last thing if I may, are you seeing different product at dd's given what happened with AJWright, any product availability?
Michael Balmuth: Some, some.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Stein with Soleil Securities.
Jeffery Stein - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: A question regarding the behavior of the dd's customer relative to the Ross customer given the recent rise in gas prices. I'm wondering, now that you've kind of crossed that $4 gallon threshold, are you noticing the dd's customer behaving any differently?
Michael O'Sullivan: Jeff, I'll take that. I think the short answer is no. dd's beat it -- its internal sales plan in the first quarter as it did last year. So again, we're very sensitive to things like gas prices and the general economy. But we really haven't seen any pull back impact to the dd's customer. I should also comment, we looked at Ross's just by income band as well based upon where the stores are and what the income demographics are for the stores. And across income bands, Ross's performance has been fairly consistent at the low-end and at the high-end, so we haven't seen any impact from gas prices.
Jeffery Stein - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: Right. Two other quickies. First of all, what was the -- how many dd's stores were there at the end of the first quarter?
John Call: The number is 70, Jeff.
Jeffery Stein - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: Okay. And then one question on packaway. Is there, I guess, did you make -- I mean, it's a huge jump that you've seen in packaway; is it across multiple categories? Or is there perhaps one large or one or 2 large purchases that you made that you're just going to parse out over a period of time, maybe 3 months, 6 months?
Michael Balmuth: It's pretty broad based. There are a few pockets where we're a little more invested, but I just want to remind you that packaway is some of the best product in our store and we're happy when our packaway level moves up.
Jeffery Stein - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: Oh I understand that. Well, I guess, the reason for my question is this, let's say, hypothetically, you made a great buy in Hanes underwear and you put 30% of it out in the first quarter and it sold great and then you put another 30% out in the second quarter. That could boost your sales as well. So I'm trying to understand if -- have you seen positive indications on a piece of that packaway that gives you reason to be optimistic for subsequent quarters and sell-through?
Michael Balmuth: It's broad-based, okay? It's not one -- a few big buys here, a few big buys in certain pockets, and I think that's the answer I would give you, unless I'm missing part of the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Cowen and Company.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC: When was it possible that about the new market you referenced, this is really the first expansion into new territories in nearly a decade. Does that imply higher unit growth for next year? Or how should we be modeling unit growth beyond 2011?
Michael O'Sullivan: Laura, I would say you should assume that it will be similar to 2011, so about 6% to 7% unit growth. We feel like we can manage growth in a fairly high quality way at that kind of level. So although certainly long-term there are big opportunities, we think it's better to stick with the 6% to 7% unit growth per year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roxanne Meyer from UBS.
Roxanne Meyer - UBS Investment Bank: I'm just curious, you raised guidance or it's implied that you raised guidance since you've given your April comps to the tune of about $0.06 for the rest of the year. I'm just wondering what specific areas you're feeling more confident in as we look out for the rest of the year? And then secondly, how should we think about freight costs increases as we move forward?
John Call: So relative to the year, you're right, Roxanne, we did raise it a bit. We did tighten things up a bit, so that guidance assumes that EBIT will increase about 20 to 40 basis points over where we had it initially. So I think we were just overall looking at trying to see things up. Relative to freight costs, freight was up in the first quarter principally driven by fuel costs and our outlook right now is, the Department of Energy is forecasting those freight and fuel costs to remain fairly flat to where they are and that's implied in the guidance, and we'll just have to see before we go [ph].
Michael O'Sullivan: The other point I'd make is freight costs about 2% to 3% sales for us and fuel is just a component of that. So as John said, we built in projections in our guidance, but it's not a big vulnerability for us, at least on the cost side it's not.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro from the Retail Tracker.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: We have a lot of conversation about the environment being uncertain not just because of average unit costs going up, but also the consumer and you guys have done a very good job of being very nimble. Could you talk a little bit around how close to be [ph] can you be buying these days and how much flexibility you have if you see pricing change to really manipulate what's going on in season?
Michael Balmuth: We have a lot of flexibility, okay? And we can adjust prices within a 30-day period. We can have our store, in most categories, a different price line, okay? So we watch what's going on very closely. Our buyers are constantly out in mainstream retailers, and we're in constant touch with the market and the combination of all of that will lead us to be very aware and very quick to adjust prices if we need to in any direction...
Michael O'Sullivan: The other point I think Michael made earlier is the flexibility also and obviously, in between business in terms if we think there are better values in one business versus another, we can shift some dollars between those businesses as well.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Montagna from Avondale Partners.
Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC: I just wanted to ask a question about the fourth quarter ending inventory where you had a lot of packaway, and, I know, I don't mean to beat a dead horse, but it sounds like it was very good buy. It sounded like you've gotten the margins that you had expected. I'm wondering if you can just characterize, did that buying exceed your expectations in terms of the sell-through and the margins? And as you replace the packaway, do you expect to replace it at the same margin that you had actually put some in?
Michael O'Sullivan: Let me respond to that, Mark. I think I'd go back to what we said earlier that packaway is among the most attractive stuff in the store, but to the extent that we buy more packaway, we think that's a good thing for our business. Having said all that, the truth is that if look at our packaway balance and you look at our sales for the year, packaway is close to 1/10 of our sales. So there's a limit to just how important packaway is. So did it help in the first quarter? Absolutely. But did the other merchandise do pretty well? Yes, it did. So it wasn't just the packaway trend.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Jaffe from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Again, the dead horse, packaway. How long does merchandise stay in packaway in the same new warehouse before you flow it out on average? Is it a seasonal thing or just a week-to-week, month-to-month kind of flow?
Michael Balmuth: It's a seasonal thing. On average, packaway is flowing right now, the holding period is about 3 months. So that's about where we are.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's great. On a different subject, product costs appear to be going up industry-wide. Where are your average unit retails today to the 2 divisions and how do you see them changing, if at all, in the second half?
John Call: So the average unit retail at Ross has been pretty consistent around $10 and dd's is probably between $7 to $8; that's where we are today and we'll just have to see where they go.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: If the world trades up 10% with product costs up about the same amount, could you imagine yourself doing the same thing or would you try and just offer greater value?
Michael Balmuth: The key thing for us is to keep a value differential between us -- between our product and mainstream retailers, and it's something we're watching very closely. So we're going to react and move with what our customer tells us and what the market has to bare in this.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jill Caruthers from Johnson Rice.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: It's David Mann. My question goes back to packaway again. In terms of the second quarter guidance for the expense that you're going to take out of inventory, what packaway level -- I'm not sure if you said, what packaway level do you expect it to go to? And will you be recognizing all of the expense that you -- the entire expense that's sitting in inventory?
John Call: So David, so packaway levels, we have them planned down slightly, but still exceeding last year. So a piece of the deferred comps will come through but not all the comp.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: And then how much additional costs might there be that we'll need to take into account for third and fourth quarter?
John Call: It all depends of where packaway levels go. So we'll have to see where that goes.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: I guess if we assume that they went back to historical levels, how much additional cost, distribution cost, is sitting in inventory?
John Call: David, that's a more difficult question to answer. To go the other way in the second quarter of last year, when packaway levels went up. We deferred about $0.04 or $0.05 on those costs so we could probably get at that way.
Michael O'Sullivan: Also, you have to be careful with your historic levels, David. Because if you compare with 4 or 5 years ago, our packaway levels are at historical levels already. If you compare it with last year, obviously, they're higher than last year, so.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: So is there a chance, in your view, that we may see an extended period where packaway levels are at a higher than -- stay at these heightened levels?
Michael O'Sullivan: No. It's very unpredictable. Frankly, we'd like if the answer was yes, but it's unpredictable. So it's hard to say.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: As we talk about the changes that have happened whether it's inventory and, obviously, the good of this expense planning that you've done, how do you think about future targets for the business where operating margins can go over the long-term, and how are you feeling about the potential for dd's and what that store count should look like over the long term?
Michael O'Sullivan: Let's see, in terms of long-term target, I think we feel very happy with our long-term goal of 10% to 15% EPS growth each year. Now, within that, I think the margin level, we think our current margins are sustainable. Maybe we can squeeze a little bit more out -- I think that's -- either way, I think we'll end up with 10% to 15% EPS growth. Now, separately on dd's, I think we've said that we think dd's can get to be a 500 store chain.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: And just on that operating margin side?
John Call: So on the operating margin side, Dana, we do believe that we're sustainable at the current level. The biggest driver of any improvement in operating margins is typically a better than planned sales on top line like we saw during the first quarter. So we if we can out-achieve, overachieve our sales targets, we should see some of that drop to the bottom.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Weiner from Deutsche Bank.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG: So all my questions have been asked, but I guess I'll ask one on pricing. One of your answers, and a couple of answers you talked about how you're constantly in this field checking competitor pricing. Have you actually seen for comparable prices, for comparable merchandise, competitor prices go up yet or maybe a little last month or 2? I know you're talking about kind of what's on the comp in the back half of the year, but how about over the last couple of months?
Michael Balmuth: We've seen experimentation in mainstream retail of price increases.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG: So is that mostly within Apparel, within Apparel categories, or does that extend to Home as well?
Michael O'Sullivan: No, that was all on apparel.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG: All apparel. Okay. And then would you say experimentation, they're trying on kind of very limited SKUs and then we'll see where that takes us in the back half, or they're kind of sticking with those price increases?
John Call: No, I think what we've seen, and it varies, in some cases, we've seen them experiment on the ticket and POS deeper. So they're going out the door at the same price. And in other cases we've seen people stick with it a little longer. So it's not clear who's going to do what and when and how.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG: And just one last, and this maybe kind of a minutia, but I'll ask it anyway, if on the price increases that you've seen that have kind of, have been sustained on those products, is that enough to cover what you think the general cost increases are? Or even if these current price increases stick, we're still going to be short coming into the second and the third quarters of what cost increases would be?
John Call: If I fully have the question, where we saw people experimenting with price, they were experimenting at a retail that was consistent with their expected price increases.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn it back for closing comments.
Michael Balmuth: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-03-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Balmuth - Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael O'Sullivan - President and Chief Operating Officer John Call - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Sean Naughton - Piper Jaffray Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C. Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc Stacy Pak - Prudential Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Tracy Kogan - Credit Suisse Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG Evren Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Ross Stores Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Balmuth.
Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bobbi Chaville, Senior Director, Investor Relations. We'll begin today with the review of our fourth quarter and 2010 performance, followed by our outlook for 2011. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.  Before we start, I want to note that our comments on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on management's current forecast of aspects of the company's future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from management's current expectations. These risk factors are detailed in today's press release and our fiscal 2009 Form 10-K, fiscal 2010 Form 10-Qs and fiscal 2010 and 2011 Form 8-Ks on file with the SEC. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended January 29, 2011 were $1.37, up from $1.16 for the 13 weeks ended January 30, 2010. These results represent a strong 18% increase on top of an exceptional 53% gain in the fourth quarter of 2009. Net earnings for the fourth quarter grew to a record $161.8 million, up 13% from $142.9 million for the fourth quarter of 2009. For the 52 weeks ended January 29, 2011, earnings per share were $4.63, up a robust 31% on top of a 52% gain in fiscal 2009. Net earnings for fiscal 2010 increased 25% to a record $554.8 million.  Fourth quarter sales rose 8% to $2,145,000,000, with comparable store sales up a solid 4% on top of a 10% gain in the prior year. For the full year, total sales grew 9% to $7,866,000,000, with same-store sales up 5% on top of a 6% increase in 2009. Our better than expected sales for both the quarter and the year benefited from healthy traffic to our stores, as an increasing number of shoppers continue to be attracted to our great values. The best performing merchandise areas for the quarter were Juniors and Dresses with mid-teen and low double-digit percentage gains, respectively. For the full year, the strongest businesses were Dresses, Home and Shoes, all with low double-digit same-store sales increases. Geographic trends were broad-based with all regions posting positive same-store sales increases for both the quarter and the year on top of healthy gains in 2009. The stand out was Florida, with a low double-digit percentage gain in comparable store sales for both the fourth quarter and the full year.  We are extremely pleased with our sales and earnings gains for 2010 that were well ahead of our expectations. This strong growth is even more notable considering that it was on top of very large increases in the prior year. These results demonstrate that we continue to benefit from our favorable position as a value retailer, as well as the efficient execution of our off-price strategies.  Earnings before interest and taxes for the 2010 fourth quarter grew to 12.3% of sales, up about 60 basis points on top of an exceptional 260 basis point increase in the prior year. Our improved profit margin for the quarter was due to a 105 basis point decline in cost of goods sold, partially offset by a 45 basis point increase in selling, general and administrative costs. For fiscal 2010, operating margin rose to a record 11.5%, up 140 basis points on top of a 250 basis point gain in fiscal 2009. This higher level of profitability was driven by a 130 basis point increase in gross margin combined with a 10 basis point reduction in selling, general and administrative expenses. The key factors contributing to our improved profitability for the year were much higher merchandise gross margin, lower shortage costs and leverage on operating expenses from the solid gain in same-store sales. John will provide some additional color on operating margin trends in a few minutes. On average, in-store inventories were down in the low double-digit percentage range throughout 2010 on top of a mid-teen percentage decline in 2009. We ended 2010 with selling store inventories down about 10%.  Operating our business with much lower in-store inventories has stimulated sales by increasing the percentage of fresh and desirable name-brand bargains that our customers see when they shop our stores. By exceeding our sales targets with leaner inventories, we also realized significantly faster turns in 2010, which resulted in much lower markdowns as a percent of sales. For 2011, we are planning further reductions of in-store inventories with average levels targeted down in the mid-single digit percentage range compared to 2010. Turning to our store expansion program. We added 50 net new stores in 2010, including 35 Ross Dress for Less and 15 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. We are pleased to report that the progress made at dd's DISCOUNTS over the past few years enabled this young business to make a slight contribution to total pretax earnings in 2010 before corporate expense allocations. These results compare to a relatively neutral impact in 2009 and a 35 basis points drag in 2008. As planned, we accelerated new store growth at dd's DISCOUNTS in 2010, adding 15 locations including four in two new states: Nevada and Georgia. We ended the year with 67 dd's in six states. Comparable stores at dd's posted respectable gains for both the fourth quarter and the full year on top of exceedingly strong increases in 2009. Similar to Ross, dd's has also benefited from our ability to deliver a faster flow of fresh and exciting products to our stores while operating on lower inventory levels. As a result, merchandise gross margin grew significantly in 2010 on top of record levels during 2009. We believe that dd's DISCOUNTS performance reflects that its value-focused merchandise offerings continue to resonate with its target customers despite the fact that this demographic has been hard hit by high unemployment and other economic pressures. Looking ahead, we plan to further accelerate dd's growth in 2011 with 20 new locations. Long term, we continue to believe that dd's DISCOUNTS can grow into a chain of about 500 stores. Now let's talk about our financial condition. Our balance sheet remained very healthy with cash and short-term investment of $837 million at fiscal year end. Our higher cash balance benefited primarily from much better than expected earnings, as well as reduced working capital needs from operating our stores with lower inventories. Our consistently strong cash flows enabled us to continue to enhance stockholder returns through both our dividend and stock repurchase programs. After internally financing both our working capital and capital expenditure requirements, we used available cash in 2010 to buy back $88 million of common stock in the fourth quarter and $375 million for the fiscal year. This allowed us to retire about 1.4 million and 6.7 million shares during the fourth quarter and full year, respectively. We announced last month that our Board of Directors approved our new repurchase program for up to $900 million of common stock over the next two years through fiscal 2012. This new authorization, which represented approximately 12% of our total market capitalization at the time of the announcement, replace the $375 million remaining under the prior two years $750 million stock repurchase program approved in January 2010. The Board also raised the quarterly cash dividend to $0.22 per share, up 38% on top of a 45% increase in the prior year.  Our largest stock repurchase authorization and substantial increase in the quarterly cash dividend demonstrate our confidence in the company's ongoing ability to generate significant amounts of excess cash after self-funding the capital needs of our business. We have repurchased stock as planned every year since 1993 and also have raised our quarterly cash dividend annually since 1994. This consistent record of returning excess cash reflects our unwavering commitment to enhancing stockholder value and returns. Now I'd like to review the 2011 targets we communicated with our January sales release in early February. For the 2011 fiscal year, we are increasing our unit growth as planned and expect to open a total of 80 locations consisting of approximately 60 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS. We are also excited to announce our initial entry into Illinois and Arkansas for Ross Dress for Less. About 15 of the 80 new locations planned for 2011 will open in these new markets during the latter part of the year. As we get closer to the opening dates, we will be able to provide more details. Comparable store sales in 2011 are forecasted to grow 1% to 2% on top of 5% and 6% gains in 2010 and 2009, respectively. Based on these assumptions for unit growth and same-store sales, we are projecting earnings per share in 2011 to increase 6% to 10% to $4.90 to $5.10 from $4.63 in 2010.  It's important to remember that this forecasted earnings per share growth is on top of two consecutive years of extraordinary earnings per share increases, 31% in 2010 and 52% in 2009. Our 2011 guidance assumptions also take into consideration the recent trend of higher sourcing costs, especially in China.  Although we expect product costs and price point to rise at traditional retailers, as well as for a number of merchandise categories in our own stores, we remain confident in our continued ability to offer compelling values. As a result, while some customers may initially resist slightly higher prices on certain items, overall, we believe our stores will remain an attractive destination for shoppers seeking bargains. To maximize our opportunities during this potentially challenging period, we plan to operate the business on even leaner selling store inventories. This should allow us to turn our merchandise even faster and further reduce markdowns as a percent of sales. We believe this will help offset cost pressures and enable us to achieve relatively flat merchandise gross margin in 2011. Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2010, we took advantage of a very large amount of compelling packaway opportunities. Packaway purchases typically offer the strongest discounts available on name-brand products. This is merchandise acquired at outstanding values that will flow to our stores throughout 2011. While it is currently unknown how inventory plan addendas and mainstream retailers may impact its availability in the off-price channel, in the past, increased uncertainty and disruptions to the flow of product have created opportunities for us. As an off-pricer, we purchase product much closer to need than traditional retailers and source goods from thousands of different manufacturers and vendors. During 2011, we are managing our open-to-buy plans even more tightly. This helps ensure that we will have plenty of liquidity to react quickly to close out opportunities. It will also enable us to respond to fluctuations in merchandise availability and if appropriate, shift inventory from one category or department to another. This flexible business model has allowed us to manage through difficult retail climates in the past. We believe it will also give us the ability to navigate successfully through this situation. Now I'll turn the call over to John to review our financial results and the operating statement details of our guidance.
John Call: Thank you, Michael. As Michael discussed, our fourth quarter operating margin increased by 60 basis points on top of a 260 point gain last year. A 105 basis point reduction in cost of goods sold was partially offset by a 45 basis point increase in selling, general and administrative costs as a percent of sales. Let me provide some additional color on these margin trends.  Merchandise margin increased a better than expected 15 basis points on top of a very substantial 195 basis point gain last year. Shrink and freight improved by about 10 basis points each, while occupancy levered by about 20 basis points. The remainder of the improvement in cost of goods sold was primarily due to lower buying expenses as a percent of sales, mainly driven by the timing of incentive costs versus last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of sales rose 45 basis points. Store operating expenses rose by about five basis points, reflecting investments we made in staffing to improve our customer shopping experience during the important holiday period. The balance of the increase in SG&A as a percent of sales primarily reflects the timing difference related to benefit costs versus the prior year. Now I'll spend a few moments summarizing the underlying assumptions that support our 2011 EPS target. A more detailed version is available in the written transcript of our January sales release recorded comments in the Investors section of our corporate website. Our fiscal year 2011 earnings per share forecast of $4.90 to $5.10 is based on projected sales growth of 5% to 6% over the prior year. This top line growth is forecast to be driven by a 7% increase in the number of stores, and 1% to 2% growth in same-store sales on top of a 5% and 6% gains, respectively, in 2010 and 2009.  As Michael noted, our projected store growth for 2011 includes about 60 new or relocated Ross Dress for Less and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. As usual, these projections do not reflect our plans to close a number of older or relocated stores. While we have achieved huge gains in profit margins over the past few years, we believe that the current levels of record high profitability are sustainable. As a result, we are projecting flattish operating margin of 11.4% to 11.6% for fiscal 2011 versus 2010.  Again, merchandise gross margin in 2011 is targeted to be relatively flat versus the prior year. That said, reported gross margin is projected to decline slightly mainly due to our forecast of somewhat higher packaway-related distribution costs and some slightly leveraging of occupancy expenses based on our assumption of 1% to 2% growth in same-store sales. We expect that modest margin pressure to be offset by somewhat lower selling, general and administrative costs as a percent of sales, mainly due to a decline in incentive costs versus 2010. Net interest expense is expected to be about $9 million. Our tax rate is planned to be approximately 38% to 39%. And we expect an approximate 3% to 4% decline in average diluted shares to about $115 million.  Our first quarter guidance that we issued at the beginning of February was for same-store sales to be flat to up 1% on top of a very strong 10% gain in last year's first quarter, making it our toughest quarterly sales comparison of the year. We also projected earnings per share to be in the range of $1.27 to $1.32, up 9% to 14% from $1.16 in the first quarter of 2010. We recently reported better-than-expected same-store sales of up 3% in February, compared to our forecast of flat to up 1%. This was also on top of an outstanding 1% increase last year. While we are encouraged by the solid start to the year, February is the smallest month of the quarter for both sales and earnings with a much more important March, April selling period ahead of us. There is also a holiday shift that results in all of our pre-Easter sales coming in April this year versus March in 2010. Calendar shifts like this from one year to the next makes it difficult to accurately predict our sales trends until we get through April. As a result, earlier this month, we reiterated our forecast for same-store sales to be down 2% to 3% in March and up 4% to 5% in April.  Now I'll turn the call back to Michael for some closing comments.
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. To sum up, despite very tough prior year comparisons, we were able to achieve robust growth in both sales and earnings during 2010 that was significantly above our expectations. Looking ahead, we believe that our steadfast focus on diligently executing our off-price strategies will enable us to continue to deliver compelling bargains and solid results in 2011 and beyond. The biggest driver of our improved profitability has been much higher merchandise gross margin, resulting from better buying and the significant reductions we have made in average selling store inventories. Today, selling store inventories are more than 30% lower than they were just three years ago. Off-price buying is and always will be our most important business strategy, and we remain committed to making ongoing investments in our merchandise organization and increasing our vendor network to maximize our access to the best opportunities in the marketplace for product. The system divestments and new planning and allocation processes we rolled out in 2009 also continue to help us do a better job of getting the right merchandise to the right store at the right time. This is an internal process that we believe will enable us to build on our successes and continue to enhance sales productivity and profitability going forward. Planning and allocating at a much more detailed level is more important than ever today, especially with less inventory in our stores. Our record results have also benefited from the implementation of a number of initiatives on the operating side of our business. These include our shortage control program, which has resulted in record low levels of shrink along with the numerous productivity enhancements and efficiencies we have put in place throughout the company to drive down costs in our distribution centers, stores organization and back office functions. As a result of these changes, we believe that current levels of annual operating margins are sustainable going forward. This gives us the confidence to continue to target, over the longer term, solid average annual earnings per share growth of 10% to 15%. The formula for achieving this is a combination of unit growth, annual increases in same-store sales and ongoing reductions in diluted shares from our stock repurchase programs.  At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez from Nomura Securities.
Tracy Kogan - Credit Suisse: It's Tracy Kogan filling in for Paul. I had a couple questions. First, if you could talk about when you expect to see a reduction in your packaway levels? Are you still seeing the oppor -- very attractive opportunities continuing now? And then secondly, I was hoping you could tell us if you have any Ross stores in similar demographic markets to any dd's stores? And if so, how the performance of dd's compares to Ross in those markets?
Michael Balmuth: On the packaway levels, our packaway levels will come down when the bargains are less in the marketplace and it's purely a function of that. And the current situation is very good from a buying end. So I'm not sure that's going to happen that quickly.
Michael O'Sullivan: And then on your second question, Tracy, about Ross stores and dd's stores, typically dd's are in somewhat different locations and different kinds of malls. They tend to be in lower income areas or ethnic areas, and those are the markets where dd's does very well.
Tracy Kogan - Credit Suisse: So you don't have any Ross Stores in any of these lower demographic type markets? Those are exclusively dd's?
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, we do, in that we have a sprinkling. We have -- obviously, we have 1,000 stores, and we have a sprinkling of Ross Stores that have similar demographics. But obviously, dd's is targeted in that customer base whereas Ross is targeted at a slightly higher income customer compared with dd's.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Cowen and Company.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC: Just to follow-on the packaway. You mentioned, Mike, that your best values happen with packaway. Does that also include better margins for Ross? And if you're comfortable quantifying that, that would be great.
Michael Balmuth: There are better margins within the categories that each packaway falls in. If there's more availability at higher end brands, the margins are obviously not quite as good as moderate brands in our stores. So -- but relative to a specific category, the margins are better and the brand content is usually very strong.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC: And then lastly, you mentioned that you're entering Illinois and Arkansas this year, can you comment on what specific markets you'll be putting stores in this year?
Michael O'Sullivan: Not at this point because of the space that we're going to be entering. In fact, we're still finalizing specific locations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro from The Retail Tracker.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: If you won't mind, can you talk a little bit -- it sounds like your traffic has been really good, and I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the metrics around traffic, your average basket? And then if you could talk a little bit about if you've seen any changes in the shoppers, maybe even anecdotally coming into your stores, are they young or old? Are you seeing more families? Anything that you've seen that's changed over the last year?
Michael Balmuth: So Marni, I'll give you the metrics on traffic. So the full comp was based on low double-digit -- excuse me, low single-digit increase in traffic and a low single-digit increase in the basket. So on all, pretty evenly spread between the traffic and increase in the basket to direct the full comp.
Michael O'Sullivan: Marni, on your second part of your question, we have done quite a lot of work to understand what's driven that additional traffic and what those customers look like. And I have to tell, they look very similar to the customers we have. In fact, some of that traffic is existing customers shopping Ross more often than they used to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adrianne Shapira from Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: A few questions. First, just on the packaway. It sounds that the step up, you mentioned it should benefit throughout the year. I'm just wondering if you can recall specifically, is it more spring merchandise, fall merchandise? How should we be thinking about that step up in the packaway position today?
Michael Balmuth: I think you should think of that as being spread fairly smoothly.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. So the strength in terms of February wasn't necessarily a function of some of the benefits of the increase in packaway?
Michael Balmuth: Not necessarily, no.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. Any -- in terms of month-to-date trends, anything you're willing to share with us? Obviously, you're still heading into the Easter shift. We're obviously hearing some encouraging data from retailers, as the weather has been more accommodating. Any updated thoughts on month-to-date trends?
Michael Balmuth: I would love to, but the answer is no.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. Then my next question is just on the inventory. It seems that, obviously, we've seeing the benefits of taking that selling inventory down 30% over the last three years, but the store size hasn't really shrunk commensurately. I'm just wondering if you could help us think about how we should be thinking about either, how you're thinking about the store size going forward or even potential new categories to ensure productivity remains strong.
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. Adrianne, I think both of those are opportunities. Certainly, by taking down the inventories, we've made the store more shoppable. But we're also -- we've also created more space in the store, which gives us flexibility to do either of the things you just described. Obviously, if we see additional categories that we want to expand into, we have the opportunity now to develop the space in the store. And similarly, if we see slightly smaller boxes in terms of locations that we'd like to move into, we can do that, too. So both of those things are on the cards over the next few years.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. Any more specifics on the categories that you're not in that perhaps seem to present opportunity?
Michael O'Sullivan: No, not at this point. We -- you probably know that we're always experimenting. We're always looking for categories, and that will continue. I wouldn't want to be more specific than that right now.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then just lastly on -- obviously, we thought you made a nice decision to shut down AJWright. Maybe just give us your thoughts in terms of -- obviously, you're going ahead with dd's. Does that present a greater opportunity in terms of real estate? How should we be thinking about that as they stepped away from that demographic?
Michael O'Sullivan: So I would say, very little impact. Frankly, what happened between those businesses geographically was tiny. So from a realistic point of view, really not material. From a supply point of view in the long term, I would say it's always a good thing for us if there are fewer competitors in the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Montagna from Avondale Partners.
Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC: Just a question about the benefit costs. You said that in the fourth quarter there was a timing difference in benefits. Did that, by any chance, pull any of the benefit expense from the first quarter into the fourth quarter or was it a shift from third into fourth quarter?
John Call: No, it was a shift throughout the year, Mark. We just insured a portion of our benefits and we make quarterly estimates and reserve around those estimates. And last year, the impact to the fourth quarter quite frankly was a 20 basis point benefit. This year, it was a 20 basis point drag. So that's how we came up -- that's what derived the 40 basis points on a year-over-year basis. So it's simply quarterly timing. There was nothing from ’11 that was pulled into '10. And for '10, the benefit costs were relatively flat.
Mark Montagna - Avondale Partners, LLC: Okay. Then just the last question I have is, the benefits you've got from inventory shortage in 2010, can you tell me -- tell us what the basis point benefit was for the full year?
John Call: Actually, in the third quarter, I think it was about 100 basis points where we benefited from the stores. Going through 2011, we'll probably benefit 10 to 15 basis points from quarter based on lower year rates, based on the results we had in 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stacy Pak with Barclays Capital.
Stacy Pak - Prudential: I wanted to circle back to the inventory because when I just look at the total number, up 24-ish versus sales of eight, it looks really high. And I know you're talking about taking -- watching it closely in-store. But I'm just wondering, philosophically, why are you taking so much packaway? It seems to me you've had so much margin gain from lower inventory. And the balance sheet inventory being higher seems like it would hurt turn and working capital and things like that. So are you worried about inventory availability? And what are you seeing in terms of cost inflation now? So I'm just wanting you to talk about more about that on the packaway.
Michael O'Sullivan: Stacy, let me start by just drawing a strong distinction between packaway inventory and in-store inventory. We're using markdowns on the in-store inventories. It's accepted by the customer and in our view, has a limited shelf life. So that's what we've been managing very tightly over the last few years. When we talk about inventories being down by a third, that's what we mean. Packaway inventory is quite different. It's great opportunities that we found in the market from a supply point of view, and we decided to take advantage of those opportunities and pack them away for future flow to the stores. So the two things are quite distinct, and we continue to pursue a policy of very tight in-store inventories, which we think will serve us well. And we've got those to -- actually been in quite fortunate position in Q4 in terms of being able to build up a pretty strong and I think very attractive packaway inventory. But I would call that distinction between those two.
Michael Balmuth: And I'll just add in, the packaway is typically the best bargains in our stores. And we think whenever we see brands of the quality and styles of the quality that we're able to packaway, we're confident it's a very good thing for our business. And relative to cost inflation, we have not seen a lot for spring, okay? But certainly, there is some coming out based on the cost increases coming out of China as we move into the back half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Black with Citigroup.
Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc: Can we follow on the same train of thought with the cost inflation? And just remind us how you're planning differently to maybe when we saw these periods in the past? Packaway should shield you from being able to or needing to raise price on a lot of things. But what is the ability to raise price vis-a-vis the department stores and the other guys who intend to do this? Is that sort of a one-for-one or do you think you have a more limited ability to do that given that demographic you serve?
Michael Balmuth: First of all, packaway is really a small percentage even though it's climbed above total inventory. It's a small percentage of our total flow out to stores for the year. Your second part of your question asked about, could you repeat the specific part of that? I know the topic, but please repeat the specific part.
Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc: Well, I guess what I'm wondering is if department stores raise prices x percent, what is your experience with your ability to take prices up? Is it on a one-for-one basis or is it something less given the demographic you serve?
Michael Balmuth: I think one thing to consider is there has not been an apparel inflation for a long, long time. So I don't think any experience that any of us would have on apparel inflation would be material. It's really years and years. But so we're monitoring the situation closely. Department stores are experimenting today with some higher price points. And basically, over time, we're in a value business that has the -- if we create the value differential between ourselves and other mainstream retailers, be it department or specialty stores, we’ll be fine. There is an adjustment period that, I think, retail might go through. We'll see. But over time, we're in a value business which is defined by differential from mainstream retailers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Weiner from Deutsche Bank.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG: Just two questions, if I may. The first, as you move your Ross Stores into some new markets, I think you mentioned Illinois and I think it was Arkansas was the other one. Can you talk about how you’ll advertise ahead of that? Assumedly, maybe your name recognition isn't what it's going to be in your existing markets, so maybe talk about how you prepare for that and then how that may impact the P&L? And then the second question, I think in the past, you've given some sense of what the SG&A and occupancy breakeven point is for the year, and what the sensitivity of a 100 -- a 1% comp change is around that to total margin?
Michael O'Sullivan: David, I'll take the first question on marketing in new stores. We certainly will be marketing in new markets that we're entering to build our wares. But I would say, yes, marketing is one of a number of things that we're doing. We'll have time to prepare a new market entry. We've done a lot of work around the assortment as well. And obviously, in our real estate group, we're doing a lot of work around selecting the right locations. But marketing is one piece of it. In terms of what impact that might have on the P&L, immaterial. The -- given that, I think in Michael's remarks, he made a point that the number of stores in new markets will be around about 1.5% of our overall store base. That's 15 stores or so. So the marketing in that market really isn't going to have much impact on the P&L, certainly not noticeable.
John Call: And then on your second question, David, on our leverage point. Typically, SG&A will lever around a three for the year. We're trying to do slightly better than that in 2011. Our guidance indicates that we'll get a little bit of leverage out of G&A on 1% to 2% comp, and that's based on lower incentive cost plan for 2011 around that comp.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Mann with Johnson Rice.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: Can you tell us what you're seeing in terms of the rents on some of these new stores? How that compares to the existing base?
Michael Balmuth: Sorry, Dave. Just repeat that question.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: I'm curious, the rents that you're seeing on some of the new leases that you're signing, how that compares to sort of your history.
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, sure. In the last couple of years, clearly, the retail real estate market has softened somewhat. So we did see 18, 24 months ago, we saw rents improve a little bit. So they've stabilized and we're getting some benefit now, but that's how I would characterize it.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: Okay. And then in terms of the reductions that you're taking in inventories at the store level, are there some stores in the store base where you feel like you've already maximized that, and so now you're -- that you're not taking the inventories down or is that pretty much across the board that you're doing that?
Michael O'Sullivan: It's just across the board.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: Okay. And then one last question. On longer-term operating margin potential, I guess you keep raising the bar on yourself. Can you give us a sense if we look out several years, what kind of potential you might -- growth in operating margin we might expect?
Michael O'Sullivan: Well, over the last few years, I would say that there are really three things that have driven our operating margin improvement. There's a lot of offense that we're taking because of the tighter inventory control. There's the improved shrink that we've referred to several times. And then there's expense leverage from higher sales. On the first two of those, the lower markdowns and the improved shrink, we think maybe there's a little more room to squeeze out a little more on both of those. And then on the third, expense leverage. It all depends on what happens with sales. So we feel good about our current margin level and maybe there's a little bit of upside in it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick McKeever from MKM Partners.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC: Just a question on the entry into Illinois and Arkansas. Why not more of a broader, more aggressive entry into the Midwest? And of those new 15 stores in Illinois and Arkansas, will any of those be dd's DISCOUNTS or are those all Ross Stores?
Michael O'Sullivan: Okay. Patrick, on the second part of your question first, they’ll be Ross, not dd's. And then on the first part of your question, why not a broader strategy? We -- Ross, historically, has always concentrated on building its share in each market over time. So if you look at the print of the company in terms of where we have stores, we've built strength and that actually helps to drive our performance. So in terms of expansion, we're kind of thinking along the same lines, that we should be quite focused on specific markets and then gradually expand over time. And that's the approach we're taking in the Midwest. We’ve always had that sort of approach.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners LLC: Right. I was just thinking when you went into the Southeast, my recollection is you went into more than one major market initially. But understood. And then just a quick one on micro-merchandising, what is the plan there for 2011? And have you gotten to a point where you can quantify the impact of your micro-merchandising effort on sales and margins? And how might you tie micro-merchandising in with the guidance or with the comments that you could -- that you think you can sustain that 11.5% operating margin?
Michael O'Sullivan: Well, micro-merchandising has now been running for about 18 months. And the real thought behind micro-merchandising is to plan and trend our business at a more local level, which really means that we should be able to drive faster turns. And clearly, in 2010, we were able to drive faster turns and we think at least a portion of that is micro-merchandising. We can't really quantify that. I don't think there's a number I can give you on that. But should it help us in 2011 and for that matter in 2012? It should. And it should also help prospecting new markets and it should allow us to sort of get the assortment in line more rapidly than we otherwise would've been able to. So we think we will have benefits this year and beyond.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Naughton from Piper Jaffray.
Sean Naughton - Piper Jaffray: First, on the gross margin. You guys have obviously seen a very nice expansion due to mostly merchandise margin. Can you talk about -- and I know a lot of that has been from the inventory reduction. But can you talk about any benefit that you're receiving from mix of merchandise in the store? Has that contributed at all to merchandise margin?
Michael Balmuth: On the mix, Sean, the mix is -- it's fairly constant. We won't draw that out of the major contributed increase in merchandise margin. It's really based on lowering inventories, quicker turns, lower markdowns and actually pretty good volumes -- very good volumes.
Sean Naughton - Piper Jaffray: Okay. So the increase in the percentage of your total business in Home and Home Accents, that's pretty similar margin to some of the other pieces of the business as well?
Michael Balmuth: It's not materially moving us.
Sean Naughton - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then secondly, in terms of the SG&A outlook. I think in 2006, you were able to be at about a leverage of about 15.5% in terms of -- as related to sales. Is that a low point or can you actually drive SG&A on a rate basis lower than that with these reduced incentive comp numbers?
Michael Balmuth: Sean, we -- as I've said before, on the 1% or 2% comp, we can drive out some leverage in SG&A. It's been a fairly constant number. We're continually working at it. There are programs in the company that continue to cost out the business and actually help them [indiscernible].
Sean Naughton - Piper Jaffray: And then I guess lastly, in terms of timing throughout the year. Should we continue to expect share repurchases done on a quarterly basis pretty consistent with the two-year plan you guys have demonstrated over the last few years? And then secondly, the CapEx spending throughout the year, John, is it relatively consistent with some of these new distribution center initiatives that you have for 2011?
John Call: Yes. Initially, on the share buyback, we would anticipate that’d be executed similar to how we've executed in the past, which would be consistent even over the year. As far as CapEx goes, it is pretty even throughout the year. Having said that, a little less in the fourth quarter as all the stores have been built into the fourth quarter. So it will fall off for the fourth quarter. But other than that, fairly even throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Jaffe from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I'm wondering how the micro-merchandising initiatives are going to play into the new markets. Obviously, there've been a couple of years in implementation and I would guess that this is sort of a key step for you guys. Could you elaborate?
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure, Richard. Yes, the thought behind micro merchandising is to better predict what each store should be able to sell based upon its trend and to slow inventory based upon what that trend looks like and what that prediction is. When we previously enter new markets, we didn't have that kind of capability. So it took us a while to figure out how to back fill each store and install product. With micro-merchandising, we should be able to do a better job with that. And that means that we should be able to basically align the assortment between what the customer is looking for in the new market, which over time, I think will help us develop our business in the new market more rapidly and more successfully.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wilson with Tiburon Research.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: Yes. I hate to come back to the packaway question, but just two specific questions. Are you able to tell us the differential in merchandise margin between packaway and regular in-store inventory? And if you're not able to maybe give us a basis point range there, maybe you could tell us whether it's material or not? And second, is there going to be an impact on shrink or your increased levels of packaway in 2011?
Michael O'Sullivan: Okay. On the first part, no, we wouldn't comment on the margin differential between packaway and the flow of product. But the other point I'd make on that though is, as Michael mentioned earlier, packaway is some of the best products that we have in the store, so it would actually have a sales impact as well as any potential margin impact in 2010. And then there really isn't any -- I can't think of any link between shrink, which I think was your second question in packaway. There really isn't any.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: So you wouldn't characterize that merchandise margin differential as material?
Michael Balmuth: It's not material.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: Okay, fair enough. And one final question. When I looked back in your history at your levels at packaway, this is the highest level, if I'm not mistaken. Maybe your memory goes back much further than mine. Why have we not seen this in the past?
Michael Balmuth: Well, we've had this level of packaway level inventory before, okay? And we know how to manage it, we know how to buy it, we know how to manage it, we know how to flow it and we view it as a real plus.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: And can you remind us when you may have had it in the past?
Michael Balmuth: Around 2000 or so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evren Kopelman with Wells Fargo Securities.
Evren Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Two questions. One is on your 1% to 2% comp guidance for this year, does that assume any higher ticket opportunity given the kind of expected rise in apparel prices at the full price stores? And if it does include some, maybe how much? The second question is, when we look at your guidance for comps versus sales, it looks like you have a four-point difference which is actually less than what you delivered last year even though the square footage growth is higher. Maybe talk about, does that still -- does that mean you're assuming lower new store productivity or does it have something to do with the flow of new store openings throughout the year?
John Call: So the first question, Evren, had to do with comp and average retail movement of the comp?
Evren Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Right. The comp guidance assume a higher average ticket because of a potential opportunity with the rising prices around you? And if so, how much?
John Call: The comp is really predicated on traffic as opposed to any increase in average ticket.
Michael O'Sullivan: And then on your second point about guidance and sales, I think it's really a factor of we actually have more new store openings this year versus last year. And that's the differential we were taking out in the number.
John Call: And new stores don’t perform at the level of our existing base in year one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Can you talk a little bit about dd's, what you're seeing there, especially given what's happening in the macro environment? And the packaways that you do have, is there any greater proportion that's allocated to dd's? Do they benefit as much as Ross does?
Michael O'Sullivan: Okay. On the first part of your question, Dana, dd's did well last year. It had good comp growth on top of extraordinary comp growth and actually, it's comp growth got stronger in Q4. But actually one of the most remarkable things about dd's last year was its margin expansion, that we pursued a similar approach with dd's in terms of growing inventories as we had at Ross, and that actually had very, very good results in terms of margin. And I should also say it probably contributed to the comp as well because we had fresher goods in front of the customer. Packaway?
Michael Balmuth: And dd's packaway is up and remember, it's a less branded business, so we probably -- my belief is it’s not up as much was Ross’.
Operator: There appears to be no further questions at this time. I'll turn it back for closing remarks.
Michael Balmuth: Well, thank you all for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-20 11:41:00) =====
Executives: Michael Balmuth - Vice Chairman, President and CEO Norman Ferber - Chairman of the Board Gary Cribb - EVP and COO Michael O’Sullivan - EVP and CAO John Call - SVP and CFO Bobbi Chaville - Senior Director of IR
Analysts: Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Jeff Black - Barclays Capital Laura Champine - Cowen and Company Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Stacy Pak - SP Research Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley Randall Konik - Jefferies Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Pat McKeever - MKM Partners 
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Ross Stores Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a question-and-answer session. At this time I would like to inform everyone that today's call is being recorded. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Balmuth.
Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Also on our call are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer; Michael O'Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer; John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bobbi Chaville, Senior Director of Investor Relations. We will begin with a review of our third quarter performance followed by our outlook for the fourth quarter. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. Before we begin I want to note that our comments on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on management's current forecast of aspects of the company's future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results or current expectations. These risk factors are detailed in today's press release and our fiscal 2008 Form 10-K and 2009 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks on file with the SEC. We are very pleased with our outstanding third quarter results. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended October 31, 2009 rose 91% to $0.84 from $0.44 per share last year. This gain was on top of the 22% increase in the prior year. Net earnings for the third quarter increased 83% to a record $105.1 million. Third quarter sales grew 12% to $1.744 billion, with comparable store sales up a strong 8%. For the nine months ended October 31, 2009, earnings per share grew 52% to $2.39, up from $1.57 in the same period last year. Net earnings for the first nine months rose 44% to a record $299.9 million, up from $208.1 million last year. Sales for the first nine months of 2009 increased 10% to $5.204 billion with comparable store sales up 5% on a top of a 3% gain in 2008. Sales for both the third quarter and first nine months were well ahead of plan. Our ability to deliver compelling bargains to the customers, while operating the business on much lower inventories remain the primary driver of these outstanding results. Traffic trend in our stores also have benefitted from an increasing number of shoppers that are attracted to our great values. Year-to-date merchandize in geographic trends continued in the third quarter. Shoes and dresses were at the top performing categories with strong double-digit same-store sales gains. While the Southeast and the Mid-Atlantic were the best regions, with comparable store sales up in the low double digits. California same-store sales grow by 8% in the period. Our record third quarter earnings were driven by both stronger than planned sales and better than expected profit margins. Earnings before interest and taxes grew about 385 basis points to 9.9%, due to a 340 basis points improvement in gross margin and a 45 basis point decline in selling, general and administrative cost, versus the prior year. The gross margin improvement benefit is from a combination of significant merchandise gross margin gains, much lower than expected shortage results, a decline in freight and distribution expenses as a percent of sale, and leverage on occupancy cost. John will provide some additional detail on operating margin trends in a few minutes. At the end of the third quarter total consolidated inventories were down 7% with average selling stores inventory down about 15%. Packaway was about 32% of total inventories, down from 33% at the end of last year's third quarter. We opened 18 news locations during the third quarter, 16 Ross and two dd's DISCOUNTS and ended the period with more than 1000 stores. We also are pleased to report that dd's DISCOUNTS outstanding first half sale and profit performance continued in the third quarter with results for both the quarter and year-to-date period well ahead of our expectation. This improvement is still being driven by both higher sales productivity and much stronger gross margins. Like Ross, dd's is benefiting from our ability to deliver a faster flow of fresh and exciting products to our stores, while operating on lower inventory levels. Our value focused merchandise offerings at dd's are resonating well with customers and we are targeting ongoing improvement in both sales and profitability in the fourth quarter and into 2010. The earnings trend for dd's is now projected to be 5 basis points or less in 2009. This represent significant progress over the approximately 35 basis point drag in 2008. Making into more enthusiastic about dd's long-term growth progress. As results we plan to accelerate the growth of this promising business beginning in 2010. Now, let’s talk about the company’s financial conditions. Both our balance sheet and cash flows remain healthy. We entered third quarter with $577 millions of cash and short-term investments. Our cash position is benefiting from the much stronger than expected earnings year-to-date as well as reduced working capital needs from operating our stores with lower inventories. We continued to return excess cash to stockholders through both our dividend and stock repurchase programs. During the third quarter and first nine months of 2009 we repurchased 1.6 million and 5.8 million shares of common stock respectively, for an aggregate purchase price of $75 million in the quarter and $230 million year-to-date. We remain on track to complete the remaining $70 million authorization by the end of the fiscal year. Let’s turn now to the upcoming Holiday season. As we enter this important period we remain well-positioned as a value retailer, and our stores are stocked with fresh and exciting assortments of terrific name-brand bargains. That said, with a still uncertain economic climate, we believe it is prudent to maintain our prior forecast for both sales and earnings. For the 13 weeks ending January 30, 2010, we continue to forecast same-store sales gains of 5% to 6% and earnings per share in the range of $0.88 to $0.94. Now John will provide some additional color on our third quarter results and detail on our fourth quarter guidance.
John Call:  Thank you, Michael. As Michael mentioned, third quarter operating margin improved by about 385 basis points due to a 340 basis points decline in cost of goods sold and a 45 basis points decrease in selling, general and administrative costs. The largest component of our better than expected improvement in gross margin with much higher merchandise margin, which grew about 145 basis points before the benefit from shrink and freight. Again, the key driver was faster inventory turn that resulted in much lower markdown. As we noted with our September sales release, we completed our annual fiscal inventory of stores during the third quarter which resulted in significantly lower than expected shortage. In the third quarter, we realized about a 100 basis points of margin benefits from shrink on top of a 35 basis point improvement in last year's third quarter. Compared to our year-to-date accrual, this lower shortage added about $0.11 in earnings per share to our third quarter 2009 results. We believe that attrition execution of our shortage control initiative was the key driver of this improvement. We also think that our results benefited from the large reductions we've realized in selling store inventory. As expected, freight costs in the quarter declined about 40 basis points due to a combination of lower oil prices and improved transportation rates compared to last year. With a robust 8% increase in same-store sales in the third quarter, we also had about 40 basis points of leverage on occupancy expenses. Finally, improved supply chain efficiencies are shifting some distribution costs from the third quarter into the fourth quarter of this year. This timing issue benefit in the third quarter by about 25 basis points is expected to reverse in the fourth quarter and be neutral on the year. Partially offsetting these favorable results in the our third quarter cost of goods sold was a 10 basis point increase in buying expenses from higher incentive costs. Selling, general and administrative costs declined 75 basis points in the quarter compared to the prior year due to a combination of sales leverage and strict expense control. A 55 basis point decline in store operating costs and 10 basis points of leverage on general and administrative expenses were partially offset by 20 basis points and higher incentive cost. As expected lower interest rates on our cash balances versus the prior year resulted in net interest expense of about $1.9 million in the period. Finally our stock buyback program drove the 5 percent reduction in diluted shares outstanding. Moving now to our fourth quarter guidance. As Michael noted, we continue to project a same store sales increase of 5% to 6% and earnings per share in the range of $0.88 to $0.94 for the 13-weeks ending January 30, 2010. This forecast represents a 16% t 24% increase over $0.76 for the same period last year. Operating statement assumptions that support this EPS guidance are as follows. Total sales are expected to increase about 9% to 10% from a combination of new store growth and, as mentioned, same store sales that are up 5% to 6%. By month, we are finding comparable store sales to be up 5% to 6%, 6% to 7% and 4% to 5% for November, December and January respectively. Operating margin which increased about 240 basis points in the first five months of the year is expected to increase about 40 to 80 basis points in the fourth quarter and 9.5% to 9.9%, up from 9.1% last year. Based on our year-to-date trends, we are planning solid gross margin gains and favorable shortage provision versus last year’s fourth quarter. However considering the body season, it’s typically the most competitive period of the year. We are planning slightly less improvement in gross margin that was realized in the first nine months of 2009. We are also projecting some leverage on occupancy and store costs. These forecasted gains are expected to be partially offset mainly by increased incentive and distribution costs. As we have said before, there are a number of quarterly expense comparison and timing issues impacting the fourth quarter. Let me explain the largest differences. First, freight costs year-to-date were up about 60 basis points lower than the prior year due to a combination of favorable fuel and transportation rates. Fuel costs started to decline in last year’s third quarter and bottomed for the year in the fourth quarter of 2008. So, as previously communicated, any benefit from freight in this year’s fourth quarter is expected to be negligible. Second; incentive cost comparisons become much more challenging. Year-to-date incentive costs in 2009 are up about 25 basis points over the prior year. In the fourth quarter, we expected the expenses to increase about 60 to70 basis points versus last year. In the fourth quarter of 2008, the external economic and retail climate worsened and our earnings growth slowed significantly from the first nine months leading to much lower incentive costs for that period. There are timing issues on distribution costs in that third and the fourth quarter. These costs are flat in the first half and are projected to be flat for the 2009 fiscal year. However, as I mentioned earlier, distribution cost in the third quarter were about 25 basis points below the last year mainly due to improved supply chain efficiency that are allowing us to flow product to our stores even closer to need. As a result, more of our holiday receipts are been processed in the fourth quarter this year versus the third quarter of last year. So distribution costs, which were about 10 basis points lower in the first nine months of 2009 versus the prior year, are forecast to be 25 to 30 basis points higher in the forth quarter versus the same period in 2008. Turning back to the rest of our operating statement assumption, net interest expense for the fourth quarter is planned to be approximately $2 million and our tax rate is expected to be about 38%. We also are forecasting weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about $124 million. Based on our record sales and earnings results for the first nine months along with our forecast for solid growth in the fourth quarter, we are now projecting earnings per share for the fiscal year ending January 30, 2010 to show a robust increase of 40% to 42% to $3.27 to $3.37 compared to $2.33 in fiscal 2008. Now I'll turn the call back to Michael.
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. We believe the main reason for our exceptional performance year-to-date has been our ability to execute our strategies with unwavering focus and discipline throughout all areas of the company. This has enabled us to capitalize on our favorable position as a value retailer in today’s challenging economic environment. By consistently stocking our stores with great bargains, operating our business on lower inventories to drive faster turns and lower markdowns and strictly controlling expenses throughout the business, we have been able to deliver outstanding sales and earnings results. We know that our ability to deliver the best value is possible on a wide array of bargains for the family in the home is and always will be the key to our success as a off-price retailer. To ensure that we have plenty of access to enough quality name brand products to grow profitably in the future, we are making further significant investments in our merchandized organization. Increasing the number of Ross and dd's merchants enables us to expand our market coverage in the vendor community, while enhancing relationships with a broad array of both existing and new manufacturers. We currently have hundreds of merchants sourcing products, everyday, from thousands of vendors. As previously mentioned another key driver of our much stronger results to-date in 2009, has been the significant gains in merchandized gross margins. This is due to our ability to buy great products while maintaining excellent control on our inventories in all areas of our business. Moving forward our objective is to buy even closer to need to churn our merchandize even faster to maximize the amount of fresh and exciting bargains in front of the customer. We believe we can achieve this through continued strict inventory management and the gradual benefits we expect to realize from our micro merchandizing initiatives. Today, we operated a total of over 1,000 Ross and dd’s location in just 27 states, giving us significant room for growth going forward. As previously communicated, we are planning total store growth to remain in the 4% to 5% range for Ross and dd's combined in 2010. We now expected new markets for Ross in 2011, when total unit growth is projected to increase to about 7%. Ultimately we believe that Ross can be a chain of at least 1500 locations and that dd's DISCOUNTS has the potential to grow to about 500 stores. Longer term we also believe that our projected level of profit margin for 2009 is not only sustainable, but has room for some further incremental improvement. As a result, we believe that earnings per share growth of 10% to 15% over the next few years, is a realistic target. In closing, I want to reiterate that our historical results over many years show that we have an excellent business model, with a proven ability to deliver solid sales and earnings gains in both healthy and more challenging economic cycle and with exceptional cash flow and very strong returns on equity and assets. That said, while we are thrilled with the outstanding results we have delivered thus far in 2009, we also recognize that we must continue to implement our off-price strategy with constant discipline and unrelenting focus. We know that this is the key to delivering consistently strong financial performance and maximizing shareholder returns over the long-term. At this point we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Klinefelter from Piper Jaffray.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray:  Yes, thank you and congratulations on a great year-to-date everybody. My question is for Michael and John, both of you or how you want to split it up. Could you put a little bit more contacts to around the off-margins comments that you made. I think it’s important to appreciate how you not only sustain but expand those margins from the very high level of this year, may be something around comp trends activity or may be contrasting the business model today in terms of the efficiencies versus several years ago when you last had a prior peak op margins?
John Call: Sure, Jeff. Relative to the operating margin, clearly the strongest driver is then our ability to resist inventory levels, while still maintaining and excelling sales line. So, most of that operating margin year-to-date and also in the third quarter has been from that factor. We’ve also maintained strict eye on expenses throughout the model, so as Mike had mentioned, we feel very good about where we are. We believe those levels are sustainable going forward. We do believe there’s still a bit more than to take inventories down, which should drive further improvement in operating margin.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: John, can you also just comment maybe most specifically on Q4 when you are looking for a pretty material comp improvement, obviously, year-over-year? Where is the conservativism within your guidance and where would the potential upside come from? Is it purely just going to be comp over your guidance or are you also being cautious about reserving promotional dollars at this point?
John Call: As it relates to the fourth quarter, the five to six comp we have not change that guidance, obviously that there’s a lot for it to go. If we were to do better on the top line, clearly, the bottom line will comp. We believe we’ll be appropriately conservatively positioned to go ahead for the season. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are up again some headwinds that we haven’t had in other quarters. I mean that freight normalizes and our incentive plan will take away about 60-70 basis points on operating margin improvement and also we mentioned the shift in distribution center cost from the third quarter, which we believe is a positive as we are processing those unit's costs to needs. So the combination of those factors, are somewhat dampens our operating margin gains that we had in the past but we still believe that for the year we will deliver very, very meaningful earnings per share goal.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Black from Barclays.
Jeff Black - Barclays Capital:  Good morning guys. On the dd's, Michael could you remind us, just what’s the demographic target of that versus your core Ross in the areas you are moving into or plan to, on the rent costs are you seeing relief there? Finally on the profitability of dd’s versus the Ross, are you seeing four wall profits that would match your Ross? Or are you still saying there is 30 basis points difference in dd’s versus a Ross long-term? Thanks.
Michael O’Sullivan:  Okay, Jeff. This is Michael Sullivan. I’ll try and answer those questions. On the demographics, we’ve as we said in the past dd’s has a more ethnic and lower income customer and as you knows, as in the past couple of years, which kind of refines that target profile and sort of narrowed slightly. So it is still very much an ethnic end customer. The profitability of dd’s, on a four wall basis is comparable with Ross to answer your second piece of the question.
Jeff Black - Barclays Capital:  Then on the rents in some of these markets you are moving into, is the case now that you are seeing lower rents than we can or is that the reason you're building our faster?
Michael Balmuth: The rent is a relatively small piece of why we are rolling it faster. The reason why we are rolling out faster is we are very excited about the concept overall in terms of the failed customers and sales and obviously rent, so either rolled in the possibility, but it’s a relative small driver of why we are rolling out more rapidly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Cowen and Company.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company: This is a follow-up on the SG&A comments and I've heard of your discussions of some of the puts and takes there in Q4, but have you given specific outlook for SG&A expense as percentage of revenues in Q4? Then as we look into 2010, what kind of a comp would you need to keep SG&A cost flat as a percentage of revenue?
John Call: We haven't given specific guidance of SG&A. What we said in the combination of all those factors should yield operating leverage improvement by about 40 to 80 basis points. Looking into 2010, SG&A leveraged about around a three times is where we are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro from The Retail Tracker
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: I was curious you have some great traffic in the stores. You're clearly getting your customers into the stores. I was wondering if you are able to even anecdotally discern, if she’s coming in for kids, for teens, for non-apparel or is it apparel and dresses are obviously doing well. Curious if you have any indications what this new customer is coming in for and is there a way to use that information to either get more new customers in the store or keep them coming back more frequently
Michael Balmuth: Really, what we can tell of this customers coming in for bargain and looking for value and they provided, they see across the entire store, our business has being outside of a few exceptional businesses, the rest of the businesses has kind of moved pretty much along with it, so I think that’s about all we can tell.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Are you guys are capturing any data on the customers service emails and things like that, that you can talk to directly?
Michael Balmuth: Yes, we have some email data basis that we use and actually we are looking at other things, other initiatives involving more social networking and more email marketing
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stacy Pak of SP Research Service.
Stacy Pak - SP Research Service: Just on your comp guidance, would you comment, whether November is in line you’re your month to-date is in line with your guidance or you need a detail or an acceleration to achieve it. Then second of all, on ‘09 in your operating margin, do you believe on an annual basis, that the recession that we experienced or the excess inventory that occurred or the bankruptcies were added to your business, this year, I believed that they helped your operating margin and how are you thinking about your business differently given some new competitive entrance in California this year. Thanks.
Michael Balmuth: On how we're doing in November, our policy is not to comment this month, so relative to whether the recession was helpful, bankruptcies, resell and going out of business, less retailers around is obviously a helpful thing to us and their bankruptcies didn't hurt. How do we think about competitors coming into any of our markets? We think if we do our job effectively, then we'll be fine. As they open their stores, do we feel a little bump and that eases very rapidly. Usually sometimes we do. Often, we feel a little bump, but it easies and things normalize in our stores very soon afterwards. So actually in some ways it makes us sharper retailer.
Stacy Pak - SP Research Service: Can you quantify how much you think the bankruptcies or the excess inventory or the recession might have added to the business? Is there anything you're doing differently in the stores, let’s say in Southern California to come back that are you just operating as usual?
Michael Balmuth: Stacy, it's very hard for us to quantify the impact of the various kinds because there's been so many. It’s very hard for us to pick out the impact, other than the very important point Michael made, which is, we're pretty sure, it's helping our business in long term, we're pretty sure that fewer competitors expect that. In terms of picking up those customers, we are fairly confident that we have new customers in our stores and some of them have come from those executive retailers. Especially we got to track those is just to put good assortments, good value in front of them and we still are doing that yesterday.
John Call: In Southern California, to your question, we are not doing anything differently. We are trying to operate the best that we can operate in those markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez from Credit Suisse.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Just wondering if you can may be ballpark for us how much inventories could be down per foot or per store. Next year that you mentioned that you could still manage inventories lower and then also wondering about early results on CapEx for next year?
Michael Balmuth: Next year inventories. We are still finalizing that. It will be down mid to high single probably.
John Call: CapEx, Paul, again we will come on January what the specific numbers are, but CapEx will be around a couple of hundred million or something like that, similar to levels to this year we gave out.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Versus this year?
John Call: Yes, with similar level, we started last year 193, we will finish here probably 165 just some hangover capital, it might push into the 2010, but we will finalize that. So it’s going to be in that ballpark around a couple of hundred million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger from Citigroup.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Michael, merchandise merchant improvement seems to be like you are improving inventory turnover and your ability to wait longer to commit for some of the purchases that you expect to making. Based on the amount of excess inventory that you all are seeing in the marketplace are still able to push up this buying decision a little bit later then you did last year, or are you starting to have to commit a bit earlier for some of that inventory.
Michael Balmuth:  Well for the most part it's still the same. Yes, there are a couple of pockets here and there but for the most part we are able to buy later and get it to the customer that’s closer I need.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Is that on a market dynamics and a combination combined with your ability to processing quicker through your distribution center or more one or the other? 
Michael Balmuth:  Oh it’s a market dynamic coupled with the buying technique, coupled with added on to our ability to process later Kim.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Great, thanks and just one follow up for John. On the SG&A leverage point I think you said you need about a 3% comp to get some leverage, does that mean that at about a 2% comps you are pretty much neutral.
John Call:  I would say that 3% are much neutral Kimberly. I would say that’s kind of breakeven point. So the 2% we might even deliver a tad and varies by quarter, but I think that’s just a general figure. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Michelle Clark from Morgan Stanley.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley:  The first question is on ticket in traffic. Can you break our for us what that was specifically in the quarter, and then a follow up on the traffic, if you look at traffic on a two year basis did it did accelerate sequentially?
John Call:  Michelle on the traffic and ticket, traffic transacting capital are at low double digit and ticket was down low-single which delivered the [8%] in the quarter and on traffic sequentially, yes that’s sequentially its up.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: On a two-year basis it accelerates sequentially.
John Call: Yes.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Then just one follow-up question, if you could update us on micro-merchandizing initiatives. I know in the previous goal has been roll it out to the entire fleet by year end. Is that still the goal? What benefits have you seen in margins what can we expect in fiscal year '10. Thank you. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Michelle, this is Michael Sullivan. Actually we’re little bit ahead of that schedule. We’ve completed a roll out of micro-merchandizing around about August of this year and that means that all business in the chain are now being planned to trended using micro-merchandizing. We are quite happy with what we are seeing. It’s early days; I think we had always said that we though would be 2010 before we get to see full or meaningful financial benefit. With that said, I think given what we are seeing right now, we think it's probably helping; it's probably making contribution to the great results we've had. It's a little difficult, given the numbers of factors that have happened this year. The trade-down customer, the retailers going out of business, the assortments we have. It’s a little bit difficult to isolate the impact from micro-merchandising but I think we are seeing enough good things and we think it is helping.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randall Konik from Jefferies.
Randall Konik - Jefferies:  First on the inventory I guess you said that you want to buy more closer to need, have you? Is there a new level of packaway you guys would be looking towards our goal for the future this year and then just give us, if you can ballpark the margin differential between the packaway and a non-packaway goods and then lastly I guess there is no specific guidance on SG&A dollars, but should be expect that to accelerate in terms of on dollar basis in fourth quarter versus the third quarter? Thanks.
Michael O’Sullivan: Michael, I will take the packaway portion of this. Packaway, we really don’t have a set goal. Okay, we have a budget, but essentially that budget doesn’t filter around the quality of what we see, of packaway products. So that number, in the budget flexes based on the quality level of inventory as I said.
John Call: This is John, on the margin and the SG&A specifically, Randy. Trying to get at that, sequentially this is fairly the same, but obviously over the prior year, we have achieved better leverage. I have to remind that, we did make the comment relative to the incentive comp in the fourth quarter, which will be up and that expresses itself both in the margin, cost of goods sold line and also SG&A line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey from the Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Good morning everyone. Can you talk a little bit as you look at the stores, before and analyze the profitability by reaching new regions, obviously, California? How are you thinking about regional profitability and what’s changed, especially given the systems initiatives and micro-merchandizing initiatives? Has any thing changed in terms of dd’s, in terms of, how you operationally structure that business? Thank you.
Michael Balmuth: Dana, I will take the first part of that question on profitability. As always we have given the results we had, all region are doing very well. You can probably also infer from the fact that the Midatlantic and the Southeast have been performing so well. From the comp point of view, that’s also been driving net profitability differentially. So we are very happy with regional profitability. Can you repeat the second part of our question on dd's?
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group:  On dd's, what are you doing operationally different as you open new stores and what you've been doing in the past to enhance debt possibility?
Michael Balmuth:  We are going to take a little bit of step back. We've looked through the aspects of the dd's business last year and we did a lot of research, we've gone to the stores and the target customers for dd's. Based upon that, we narrowed the profile which clearly had an impact on our real estate strategy side of the dd's. We are much more focused now in terms of where we’re opening stores. I think that's probably the biggest single change we've made in terms of news store advent of dd's. We've made ongoing improvements to the assortments, which have helped restore dd's performance, but I think that applies to the comp stores rather than new stores. I would say the biggest single difference with the new stores has been the more targeted or to narrow our customer profile that we're now setting our targets on.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Adrianne Shapira from Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs:  Just following up on the inventory topic, obviously you've done a tremendous job on improving turn. I'm just wondering, if you look on a two-year basis, the comps recently have seen some deceleration. I'm just wondering is inventory starting to be a constraint at all.
Michael Balmuth:  Don't believe so.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Okay and then again on a go-forward basis, no change in terms of inventory planning in the ability to drive sale?
Michael Balmuth:  No, we think we can turn faster and by virtue of how we buy it, we ever have a feeling which I don't believe will be for a while. Yes, we’ve cut too far, we buy very close in. We can correct that very quickly if we ever have that feeling. So, in general, we are very happy with our results for the year, a slight deceleration for a month or two. I don’t interpret it as an inventory from the list.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: On the capital side of things, obviously throwing up a lot of cash and we’ve been active on the buyback, what about prioritization going forward especially now with plans to accelerate dd's, where does buyback rank going forward?
Michael Balmuth: So, Adrianne, the buyback has always been a residual of the excess cash resale after we take care of investments in the business and on the store growth. That will be the philosophy going forward and it’s been our practice, first part of next year will come out with what we believe those plans will be going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger from Citigroup.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: John, I just had a follow-up for you on the third quarter benefit shrink? In terms of just helping us think about how that works its way through your quarters in 2010? Would that mean that you will accrue 30 or 35 basis points lower shrink in Q1 and Q2, but you won’t necessarily have that big 100 basis point benefit again in Q3 of next year?
John Call: That’s about right. The number is going to be from 20 and 30 basis points in Q1-Q2 and we’ll obviously take it from where we were last year, but still want to kind of get to where we think we are adequately covered, but I agree with your logic, Kimberly. It’s probably more like 20 basis points to 30 basis points
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line Patrick McKeever from MKM Partners.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners:  You had an 8% increase in same store sales in California which was right in line with the corporate average. Wondering if you saw, any impact from all of the closed stores that opened in late September and those former locations?
Michael Balmuth: Yes, because we still got to look at that and we didn’t gain any real impact.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: So, no material impact at stores, but how many stores do you have that are close to those 30 or so cold stores, I mean, really closed?
Michael Balmuth: I am not sure I have the number off the top of my head, but you can assume given at California that we have a few dozen.
Operator: 
.:
Michael Balmuth: Thank you all for attending, have a very good day.
Operator:  This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Michael Balmuth - Vice Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer John Call - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Michael O’Sullivan - Executive Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer Norman Ferber - Chairman of the Board Gary Cribb - Executive Vice President & Chief Operations Officer Bobbi Chaville - Senior Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Jeff Black - Barclays Capital Sean Noughton - Piper Jaffray Stacy Pak - SP Research Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan Tracy Kogan - Credit Suisse Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley Laura Champine - Cowen and Company Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Marnie Shapiro - The Retail Tracker David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company
Operator:  Good morning. Welcome to the Ross Stores second quarter 2009 earnings release conference call.  The call will begin with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Balmuth.
Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Also on our call are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board, Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Michael O'Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer, John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Bobbi Chaville, Senior Director of Investor Relations.  We'll begin with a brief review of our second quarter performance followed by our outlook for the balance of 2009. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. Before we begin I want to note that our comments on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on management's current forecast of aspects of the company's future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results or current expectations. These risk factors are detailed in today's press release and our fiscal 2008 Form 10-K and 2009 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.  We are extremely pleased to report that earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended August 1, 2009 rose 52% to $0.82 from $0.54 per share last year. This sizeable gain is especially notable considering it was on top of 46% earnings per share growth in the prior year. Net earnings for the current quarter increased 45% to a record $103.4 million.  Second quarter sales grew 8% to $1.769 billion, with comparable store sales up a solid 3% on top of a 6% gain in the prior year. For the six months ended August 1, 2009, earnings per share grew 37% to $1.55, up from $1.13 in the first half of 2008.  Net earnings for the first six months rose 29% to a record $194.8 million, up from $150.8 million last year.  Sales for the first six months of 2009 increased 8% to $3.460 billion, with comparable store sales up 3% on top of a 5% gain in 2008.  This exceptionally strong performance for the second quarter and first six months was well ahead of plan. Our ability to deliver compelling bargains while operating the business on much lower inventories continues to be the primary driver of our outstanding sales and earnings results.  Second quarter operating margin grew about 260 basis points to 9.7%, driven by a 240 basis point improvement in gross margin and a 20 basis point decrease in selling, general and administrative costs versus the prior year. John will provide some additional details on operating margin trends in a few minutes. For the second quarter, dresses and shoes were the top performing merchandise categories, with strong double-digit and low teen same-store sales gains respectively.  The Mid-Atlantic and the Southeast were the strongest regions, with comparable store sales up in the mid to high single digits. California same-store sales increased 3% in the quarter.  At the end of the second quarter total consolidated inventories were down 9%, with average sell-in-store inventories down about 17%. Packaway was about 36% of total inventories, down from 37% at the end of last year's second quarter.  Now I'd like to update you on dd's DISCOUNTS. We are pleased to report that the very strong sales and profit performance in the first quarter at dd's continued throughout the second quarter, with year-to-date results well ahead of expectations. This improvement is mainly due to a combination of higher sales productivity and healthier gross margins. Like Ross, dd's is also benefiting from our ability to deliver a faster flow of fresh and exciting product to our stores while operating on lower inventory levels. We are now forecasting the earnings drag from dd's to be 10 basis points or less in 2009 compared to an approximate 35 basis point drag in 2008.  Going forward we will continue to strength our dd's DISCOUNTS merchandise offerings with compelling values that appeal to the bargain-driven shopper while keeping inventories below last year's levels. These initiatives are expected to drive further improvement in dd's sales and profitability, and we remain excited about the long-term growth prospects of this young chain. Now let's talk about the company's flexible condition. Both our balance sheet and cash flows remain healthy. We entered the quarter with $522 million of cash and short-term investments. Our cash position is benefiting from reduced working capital needs as we operate the business on lower inventories. We remain committed to returning cash to stockholders through both our discussed and share repurchase programs. During the second quarter and first six months of 2009 we repurchased 1.9 million and 4.2 million shares of common stock, respectively, for an aggregate purchase price of $154 million year-to-date. We remain on track to complete the remaining $146 million authorization by the end of the fiscal year. I'd like to turn now to our updated outlook for the second half.  As noted in today's press release, we are raising our sales and earnings forecast for the balance of the year. We believe we are well positioned for the important back-to-school and holiday periods for a number of reasons. As noted earlier, despite tough prior year comparisons, we delivered exceptional sales and earnings growth for the first six months. Going forward we start to anniversary much easier sales comparisons. After rising 5% in the first half of last year, same-store sales were flat and down 1%, respectively, in the third and fourth quarters of 2008. Most importantly, we are well positioned in the value retailing sector and excited about our merchandise offerings and the availability of great products as we enter the fall season.  As a result, we are projecting comparable store sales for both the third and fourth quarters of this year to increase 5% to 6%, up from our previous range of 2% to 3%.  Based on the strong sales assumptions, earnings per share for the third quarter ending October 31, 2009 are now forecast to grow 30% to 43% to $0.57 to $0.63, up from $0.44 in the prior year.  For the fourth quarter ending January 30, 2010, earnings per share are projected to increase 16% to 24% to $0.88 to $0.94 compared to $0.76 last year.  Now John will provide some additional color on our second quarter results and details on our third and fourth quarter guidance.
John Call: Thank you, Michael.  As Michael mentioned, second quarter operating margin improved by about 260 basis points, driven by a 240 basis point decline in cost of goods sold and a 20 basis point decrease in selling, general and administrative costs.  The very strong and better than expected improvement in gross margin was mainly due to higher merchandise margin, which grew about 145 basis points over the prior year. Again, as Michael noted, the main driver of these results is our ability to deliver compelling bargains while operating our stores on reduced inventory levels. Freight costs, which declined about 75 basis points, were the next biggest component of margin improvement during the period. As we saw in the first quarter, freight expense has benefited mainly from a combination of lower oil prices and improved transportation rates compared to last year.  We also realized about 25 basis points of leverage on occupancy expenses and a 5 basis point decline in distribution expenses as a percent of sales.  Partially offsetting these favorable margin results was a 10 basis point increase in buying and incentive costs.  In addition, strict cost controls helped to drive favorable expense trends that resulted in approximately 20 basis points of selling, general and administrative expense leverage in the quarter, mainly in store operating costs.  Lower interest rates on our cash balances versus the prior year resulted in net interest expense of $1.4 million in the period.  Finally, our buyback program drove a 5% reduction in diluted shares outstanding. Now let's turn to our second half guidance. While our EPS targets for both the third and fourth quarters reflect solid year-over-year growth in operating margin, the forecasted improvement is less than we delivered in the first half of the year. Let me provide some detail on the reasons supporting these projections.  First, freight costs year-to-date are about 70 basis points lower than the prior year due to a combination of favorable fuel and transportation rates versus last year's first half. In the third quarter this benefit is expected to be about half of what we saw in the first six months as fuel prices started to decline in the third quarter of last year. In the fourth quarter, any benefit from freight is expected to be negligible. Second, after benefiting first half margins by about 10 basis points, our guidance assumes that shrink costs will hurt profit margins by about 35 basis points in the third quarter and will be flat in the fourth quarter. This reflects actual shortage results in 2008 that came in lower than what we had accrued over the prior four quarters. Truing up the shortage reserve to these actual physical inventory results benefited the 2008 third quarter by about 35 basis points.  We are optimistic about the progress we are making with our shortage initiatives and believe we are adequately reserved for shrink this year. That said, until we complete our physical inventory in September we believe it is prudent to assume no year-over-year improvement in shrink, especially considering today's tough retail climate.  And lastly, incentive cost comparisons become more challenging in the back half. Year-to-date incentive costs in 2009 are up about 20 basis points over the prior year. In the second half these expenses are planned to increase 40 to 50 basis points over last year's back half, when same-store sales and earnings growth slowed, especially in the fourth quarter.  Now I'd like to review our third quarter operating statement assumptions that support our EPS guidance.  Total sales are expected to increase about 9% to 10% driven by a combination of new store growth and, as mentioned, same-store sales that are up 5% to 6%.  We are forecasting about 18 new stores to open during the period, including 16 Ross Dress For Less and 2 dd's DISCOUNTS.  By month, we are planning comparable store sales in August to be up 4% to 5% on top of a 3% gain from the same period last year. For September and October we are projecting same-store sales to increase 6% to 7% and 5% to 6%, respectively, compared to a 2% decline in both months last year. Operating margin for the third quarter is expected to increase about 100 to 150 basis points from 6.1% last year. Similar to the first half of 2009 and in order of magnitude, we are planning this improvement to be driven by a combination of our merchandise gross margin, somewhat lower freight costs and leverage from selling, general and administrative expenses.  Net interest expense for the third quarter is planned to be approximately $2 million.  And our tax rate is expected to be about 39%.  We are also forecasting weighted average diluted shares outstanding to decline 4% to 5% to about 125 million.  Based on our record sales and earnings results for the first six months, along with today's higher sales and earnings targets for the second half, we are now projecting earnings per share for the fiscal year ending January 30, 2010 to increase 29% to 34% to $3.12. This targeted EPS range compares to $2.33 in fiscal 2008.  Now I'll turn the call back to Michael.
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. Our exceptional performance to date this year, especially considering the very difficult macroeconomic and retail climates, reflects that consumers have not stopped shopping but that they have become more focused than ever on getting the very best value for their shopping dollar.  We believe we are also benefiting from the large number of recent store closures by numerous retailers that have gone out of business over the past several months as their former customers seek new shopping destinations.  As an off-price retailer, Ross is very well positioned to take advantage of the increasing number of value-focused consumers today. To maximize our opportunities in this environment, we've continued to do what we do best and have done all year - deliver the most compelling bargains possible in clean, well-run, easy-to-shop stores, keep inventories as lean as possible, and strictly manage expenses throughout our organization.  Also, our supply of desirable product is very plentiful today. We have never had a problem acquiring enough quality name-brand merchandise to drive our business. Going forward, we will continue to make strategic investments in our merchant organization. This enables us to continually expand our market coverage in the vendor community while enhancing relationships with a broad network of existing and newer resources. We currently have hundreds of Ross and dd's merchants combined sourcing product from thousands of manufacturers and vendors. Our goal is to always ensure that we have as much access as possible to a wide array of fresh and exciting name-brand bargains.  Looking ahead, we remain confident that the compelling values we offer will continue to resonate with our customers, even as the economy improves, as long as we continue to execute our strategies well. This is and always has been the key to maximizing our prospects for sales and earnings growth while also optimizing stockholder returns over both the short and the long term. At this point we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jeff Black - Barclays Capital.
Jeff Black - Barclays Capital: John or Michael, if you could just remind us, how much of the product classifications are currently being touched by the micro-merchandising initiative and what are the learnings thus far this year as you expand that out? What I'm really get at is the margin is up at 9-ish this year; as we look ahead to next year, what prevents us from going higher or what gets us to the next level?
Michael O'Sullivan: We've rolled out micro-merchandising to about two-thirds of the chain in terms of product category and we expect to have rolled out to the whole chain by the end of the year.  We're monitoring it very closely. We're very happy with how it's working. It's doing the right things in terms of sending the right product to the right stores. But with that said, we always believed it would take a couple of seasons for it to have a meaningful impact in the stores, so we continue to believe we won't really see a significant benefit until 2010.  In terms of our current business, I think if you're looking for drivers of our current business I wouldn't look at micro-merchandising. I think it might be having a margin benefit, but the real benefits we're getting are from the lower inventory that Michael mentioned, pressure assortments, the better merchandise, the trade-down customer, the exit of the other retailers. All of those factors I think are really what's driving our current trend.
Jeff Black - Barclays Capital: And then just in terms of the comp trend, if you could just comment on what's driving those, more specifically, traffic, full price, etc.?
John Call: In terms of comp trends, our traffic is up high single digits, offset by the basket, which is down low single digits, driving the comp number. So that trend has continued.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sean Noughton - Piper Jaffray.
Sean Noughton - Piper Jaffray: Another follow up on the gross margins; obviously, very impressive in the quarter. Can you remind us, obviously, as the freight benefit mitigates in the back half, can you remind us of the gross margin benefit you had in Q3 and Q4 of last year?
John Call: Sure. You're right, Sean, that freight benefit will decrease somewhat in the back half. We're looking for about 35 basis points of benefit in the third quarter. And actually it evens out in the fourth quarter, so we're up against the numbers we had last year; so roughly no benefit in the fourth quarter. 
Sean Noughton - Piper Jaffray: And then obviously it sounds like things are going well at dd's. Are there any plans to potentially accelerate the store growth within this particular concept?
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, we're very happy with how dd's has been performing. As you know, we made a number of adjustments to the business last year which we're very happy with. And in addition, I think the economic slowdown has meant that dd's proposition is particularly strong with the customer. So, as we look forward, I think it's very likely you can assume that we're going to ramp up that business. And in the balance of this year we're going to look at what's specifically happening in terms of how many stores and what market, so we'll work through that.  But I think it's a fair assumption that in the next couple of years you'll see us take up the growth of dd's. 
Sean Noughton - Piper Jaffray: And then in terms of the overall size of dd's, is it fair to assume that that business could be a few hundred stores or how are you guys thinking about that business?
Michael O'Sullivan: You know, it's still a relatively new business, so be careful with the answer I'm going to give you, but we've modeling it out. We feel confident there's probably 500 stores in terms of full potential of dd's. But, as I say, it's early days so it's hard to be precise about a number.
Sean Noughton - Piper Jaffray: Sure. And then lastly maybe a strategy question on the merchandising. We've seen success, obviously, with exclusive brands within the discount and mid-tier channels of distribution. Do you believe there is an opportunity for Ross to potentially capture some additional margin and market share from an exclusive brand partnership, and is that something you guys are considering?
Michael Balmuth: It's really not in our strategy today. Our strategy is department specialty store brands for less, and we would like to be putting in store labels that are in other mainstream stores. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Stacy Pak - SP Research.
Stacy Pak - SP Research: I guess the first question is just on the merchandise margin. In Q2 it creates pretty good performance; I think you said up 145 basis points. And it looks like it was on a pretty big number last year. So I just kind of wanted to gather your thoughts on merchandise margin potential in the back half. Is there any reason why that should slow down? I mean, I obviously heard your comments on freight, etc.
John Call: Yes, as I said, freight is included in that number. But relative to just flat merchandise margin, yes, we see no reason why it wouldn't continue. We're pretty bullish on where we are right now from a merchandising standpoint.
Stacy Pak - SP Research: And on the dd's, I think previously you had said a 20 basis point drag. Was all of the change in forecast achieved in what you just did in Q2 or is there some improvement that you're projecting going forward?
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, Stacy. What we've done is we've taken dd's trends and we feel pretty comfortable with forecasting that trend for the year based upon that updated forecast. That's how we get from I think it's 25 to 30 basis points drag that we mentioned before; we now think it's going to be 10 basis points or less. So it was forecasting dd's trends continuing for the rest of the year.  So assuming that happens, assuming dd's meets forecast sales, we're pretty comfortable with that estimate.
Stacy Pak - SP Research: Can you say what the dd's drag was in Q2 versus last year?
John Call: Typically, Stacy, we'll talk about that number on an annual basis and avoid the quarterly discussion because of movement between quarters.
Stacy Pak - SP Research: And then can you also just comment on some of the Ross markets outside of California, what you're seeing, what you're learning, what you're feeling?
John Call: As it relates to Ross or dd's?
Stacy Pak - SP Research: Ross.
John Call: Sure. Our strongest markets are the Southeast and the Mid-Atlantic. We performed in the mid to high single digits in those markets. In some of the tougher housing markets, some of the tougher-hit housing markets like Florida and the Southwest, they're underperforming the chain but have stabilized. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan.
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: I guess your 5% to 6% comp plans for the back half, that sounds like some of the biggest comp plans that any retailer has mentioned for the second half. Do you guys expect that to be driven from a continuation of dresses and shoes primarily or do you need or are you seeing other product categories starting to show a lift here? And then the second question, on the inventory per store, where do you think you get to a number where that starts to actually hurt the ability to generate these kinds of comps? And do you expect inventories per store to be able to be down again in 2010 and keep turning inventory faster?
Michael Balmuth: The back half, shoes and dresses we expect to be very strong, but we are seeing a lift being fairly broad-based across the store. But certainly shoes and dresses are leading the pack and we would expect them to. Relative to inventory, we will continue to cut our inventory. Will there be a place where we can't? We don't see it yet. We're going to continue to push the needle. We're finding a lot of very good things in our stores. We're getting a lot more fresh product to our stores out of it. Certainly, financially it's a good deal. But from having a flexible model in terms of merchandise procurement, it all works with what our concept is. So we're going to continue to push the needle.
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: And then my final question, on the Mid-Atlantic stores, where are you from an average productivity and four-wall margin versus the rest of the Ross chain?
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, Brian, the Mid-Atlantic's trend has been above the chain for about 18 months now, so we're very happy with what's been happening in the Mid-Atlantic. And the Mid-Atlantic's also been benefiting from some of the inventory reductions we've taken, so its margins have actually been very strong. Now, you know, it continues to be below average. But at any one point in time half of our regions are above average and half are below average, so I think we're pretty happy with it's trend and its profitability despite the fact that it's still slightly below average. 
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: Is that giving you more confidence that you can become a national player sooner rather than later?
Michael Balmuth: Yes.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tracy Kogan - Credit Suisse.
Tracy Kogan: I had two questions. The first is a follow up on a previous question about margins. I was wondering if you could give us a sense for what your longer-term operating margin goals are. We're projecting you this year to be pretty close to your peak and just wondering where you see the opportunity to go there? And then secondly I'm wondering what you're seeing on the real estate side and if you may accelerate your Ross openings next year based on getting better deals?
Credit Suisse: I had two questions. The first is a follow up on a previous question about margins. I was wondering if you could give us a sense for what your longer-term operating margin goals are. We're projecting you this year to be pretty close to your peak and just wondering where you see the opportunity to go there? And then secondly I'm wondering what you're seeing on the real estate side and if you may accelerate your Ross openings next year based on getting better deals?
John Call: On the margin side, Tracy, clearly we've made a lot of good progress over the last couple of years. We really haven't reached our peak, which was back in the late '90s - 10.5% - but we're a long ways from that point in time. We don't want to put caps on necessarily that level.  As you mentioned, our improvement has come from gross margin due to great inventory control. We do have micro-merchandising coming online across the enterprise, across the Ross chain, in 2010 which would expect some increases there.  Having said all that, we believe we can sustain current levels and we believe that we can deliver low to mid-teen EPS over the longer term through a combination of store rollouts, keeping our eyes on inventory and expenses, and continuing the buyback.
Michael O'Sullivan: And then, Tracy, on your second quarter about real estate, obviously there's been a lot of turmoil in the real estate market. Certainly, we're seeing downward pressure on rents. There's more vacant stores in terms of existing rental space. To some degree that's being offset by less new development. So we're kind of sorting through all that.  I think, that said, we're happy with our own trend. As we've said in the past, our plan is to continue to grow Ross Stores in its existing markets through 2010. That's still the plan. So in the back half of this year we'll sort of look at the longer-term plan in terms of number of stores and markets. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: My first question is on traffic. Can you just discuss traffic trends sequentially, so how Q2 compared to Q1? And then I had a follow up question.
John Call: The traffic relative to Q1, Michelle, was up slightly. We're up kind of high singles Q1 again in Q2. So sequentially just marginally up. 
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley:  And any specific regions as to where you're seeing that acceleration?
John Call: Pretty much across the board. 
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: And then secondly, can you just update us on your leverage points for SG&A - is it still a plus 3 comp - and then on occupancy?
John Call: Yes. Both occupancy and expense kind of over the long term our leverage point has been about 3. Obviously, this year we've been able to lever at a lower level, but I think for long-term modeling purposes we'd look at a 3.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Laura Champine - Cowen and Company.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company: I heard in the prepared comments your commentary that although you're seeing some effect from the trade down, you don't think that customer goes away when the economy improves. Is there any way to quantify the percentage of sales being driven by trade down or how that's impacting your traffic trend?
Michael O'Sullivan: No. It's very hard to isolate that. We believe it's happening. We're seeing good things in terms of traffic which would suggest it's happening. But there are other things happening, too. There are retailers who've gone out of business and we're picking up some of those customers and some share from them. So I wish we could isolate it, but I just don't think we can.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company: Can you comment on your comp trends coming out of previous recessions and what kind of deceleration or acceleration -  [break in audio]
Michael Balmuth: Laura, are you still with us?
Operator:  Would you like me to move on to the next question? 
John Call: Let's continue the current question if she's still on the line. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Could you just repeat your question? I believe we can move on to the next question.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Just a question on dd's DISCOUNTS. Could you guys break out some of the metrics there, if they've changed at all, how that compares to Ross stores in terms of average ticket or average price, units per transaction, the kinds of real estate you've seen that's working out? I know you've sort of gone through a couple of experimental locations with dd's and it sounds like have settled into a model that works. Can you give us some sense of how that distinguishes itself from Ross and how we can envision the growth for one versus the other?
Michael O'Sullivan: Rich, on the metrics, we don't typically disclose dd's metrics. It's less than 5% of our business, so we're not yet at a point where we think it makes sense to break out those separately.  In terms of the real estate, yes, the real estate profile for dd's is certainly different to Ross. It tends to be more in a city, more urban locations, higher density, different kinds of malls with different [inaudible]. It's a 22,000 square foot box, which makes it smaller than Ross. So it's quite a different profile. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:  And the average price remains below Ross stores? Is that reasonable?
Michael O'Sullivan: Oh, yes. The dd's average price has always typically been lower than Ross.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Roughly 20% to 30%? Is that a good ballpark?
Michael O'Sullivan: I think about 20% is about the right number.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Michael, I was hoping you could address the pricing that's happening in the marketplace. I guess, with the basket in the store down and your merchandise margin up, you're getting incredible deals from vendors. If you can look back at past recessions and just let us know how that typically changes through a recovery; is it that the deals maybe aren't quite as good, but pricing in the entire marketplace firms up so your basket is rather up instead of down?
Michael Balmuth: Could you give me that again, please?
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: The average ticket is down but your merchandise margin is up, so we have to presume that that's because you're getting great deals from your vendors.
John Call: Kimberly, just one clarification. Although the basket is down, the average price per SKU is roughly flat.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Okay. So your AUR is flat. Has the pricing from your vendors been down in order to boost the merchandise margin?
Michael Balmuth: Our pricing from our vendors has been actually down - very well-priced merchandise.
John Call: Kimberly, what I'd say is we're getting the margin improvement through faster turns and lower markdowns. Most of the benefit we get on pricing we'll pass along to the customer. There's some [inaudible] we'll pass along. And it's really been driven by lower inventory management and quicker turn in the store. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: And where are we in that improvement process? I guess if you could sort of quantify, are we 80% of the way there? Are we only halfway there? What's the incremental [opportunity] here? 
John Call: As Michael, I think, answered previously, we'll keep pushing it and make that determination. We've made some pretty significant improvements in terms of managing inventories down; for the back half we expect them to be down kind of similar to the front half. And we'll keep pushing it.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: And then just one last question on dd's. Previously you had talked about really solid performance in dd's in the state of California with lagging performance outside of California. Have you seen improvement in those stores outside of California?
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. The performance in the stores outside of California have been extremely strong, so we're in line with the California stores, actually, in terms of trend. So we're very happy. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Is there anything you can attribute that to, Michael?
Michael O'Sullivan: You know, I think there's a few things I'd call out.  As you know, Kimberly, we took a little bit of a step back with dd's in 2007; decided we should really slow down the growth of the business a little bit. We did a lot of research and analysis to make sure that we really understood the customer better. That led to some changes to our real estate profile and to our merchandise assortment.  We also cut back on inventories very significantly, as we did at Ross, and we started to see some of the benefits of that in the middle of last year. And then the economy slowed down, so I think dd's has also been helped by the external environment. The dd's customer in particular has been quite squeezed by the economic slowdown, and we think the value that dd's offers is just very, very strong compared with what else is out there.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Can you talk a little bit about new store performance, what you're seeing? I know in some new markets you'd always wanted to evaluate how to improve productivity. Are you seeing improvements there? And any update on any of the systems initiatives? 
Michael O'Sullivan: In terms of new stores, yes, we've seen pretty good performance from our 2008 new stores and our 2009 new stores we're very happy with, although I have to say they're still very, very, very new. But we're happy with the trend in new stores. And then on systems, I think you're probably referring to micro-merchandising. The major systems project we've had in the last couple of years has been micro-merchandising. As I mentioned earlier, we've rolled that out to two-thirds of the chain and to the full chain by the end of the year. We're very happy with how that's operating, and we think it will add benefit to the business starting in 2010 and then growing over time.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: I just had a question. As you look opportunistically in the back half, that 5% to 6% in comps, I'm just wondering if you can comment on what you're seeing in terms of early back-to-school trends here in August month-to-date. 
John Call: Adrianne, our policy is really not to comment in-month in terms of how sales are going, but clearly, as reflected in our guidance, we tend to believe the trends should continue from the first half relative to the back half. We're up against easier comparisons, as Michael mentioned in his prepared remarks. That gives us the confidence we'll continue the trend. 
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: And could you just tell me, in terms of the traffic, any sense new customers, existing customers, how you're tracking that?
Michael O'Sullivan: It's almost impossible to track that. We know traffic is up. We're pretty confident some of it is coming from retailers who've closed down. We're also confident some of it's coming from customers who are trading down from other retailers. But breaking out those individual segments is pretty impossible.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Marnie Shapiro - The Retail Tracker.
Marnie Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: A lot of questions have been asked, but I have one small question, if you could touch a little bit on the non-apparel areas most particularly. You've touched on a few of them - shoes - but if you could talk about the home segment a little bit more and what's selling? Is the top of that basics or is it more decorative type of stuff? And if you could talk a little bit about things like jewelry and accessories, bags and things like that. 
Michael Balmuth: Okay. Well, on home, home is fairly broad based. And home I would say it's a little less decorative than in prior seasons, but that's the amount of difference. And I think in home we are getting a benefit from stores who have gone out of business, most specifically, Linens 'N Things.  Your second was commenting on jewelry and accessories?
Marnie Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Yes, handbags and things like that, because your assortment has looked pretty good there. 
Michael Balmuth: Yes, we've been very happy with the progress we've made there, especially over the last 12 to 18 months. And it's certainly performing above the baseline in the company; we've been very pleased. Fine jewelry is not a full-chain business and the results there, as with accessories, have been encouraging.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: If I could just clarify what you said earlier about inventory per store reduction, I think in the past you've basically said that that would run its course, the benefits from that, by the end of this year. So is it now the case that you believe that next year that you can take it down and we can see continued margin benefits?
Michael Balmuth: I don't recall exactly what we've said in the past, but our belief is that we will learn. We will continue to take it down, okay? I don't have a view at all that we've hit the bottom.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: You mean continue into next year? Is that correct?
Michael Balmuth: Yes, continuing into next year. So you can expect significant reductions the rest of this fall and there'll be meaningful reductions next year, too.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: And then in terms of the growth in Ross now in terms of store size, given you've taken down inventory so much, have you come up with a new prototype size for the store given how much less inventory is going into new stores?
John Call: We operate with a broad range of prototypes to fit whatever market we're going to go into. Inventory is relative to where we think sales potential could be so in an area where sales are more robust we would tend to put a larger square footage store. In an area where we don't think the density is as much, we'd put a smaller prototype in. So we have a fairly flexible model that enables us to build a right-size building. 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: And then one other question on cash flow. It looks like you're going to continue to be building cash even with the size buyback you have and the dividend. Any thoughts about accelerating the buyback given the buildup of cash that's likely to happen with your guidance?
John Call: Yes, David. We believe we'll complete the buyback we currently have outlined. We typically address that, the future buybacks, when we go through our planning cycle. So I would say for the rest of this year we'd continue the buyback and dividend program and address that as we end the year.
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time.
Michael Balmuth: Well, thank you all and have a very good day.
Operator:  This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-03-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Balmuth - Vice Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Norman Ferber - Chairman of the Board Gary Cribb - Executive Vice President & Chief Operations Officer Michael O’Sullivan - Executive Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer John Call - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
-:
Analysts: Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Evren Kopelman - JP Morgan Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse Jeff Black - Barclays Capital Stacey Pack - SP Research David Mann - Johnson Rice Sean Noughton - Piper Jaffray Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners
Operator:  Good morning. Welcome to the Ross Stores fourth quarter and fiscal 2008 earnings release conference call. This call will begin with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)  At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Balmuth.
Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, our Chairman of the Board; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer; Michael O’Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer; John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bobbi Chaville, Senior Director of Investor Relations. We’ll begin our call today with the review of our fourth quarter and 2008 performance, followed by our outlook for 2009 and the longer term. Afterwards, we’ll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.  Before we begin, I want to note that our comments on this call will contain forward-looking regarding expectations about future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on managements current forecast of aspect of the company’s future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from managements current expectations. These risk factors are detailed in today’s press release and our fiscal 2007 Form 10-K, fiscal 2008 Form 10-Qs and fiscal 2008 and 2009 Form 8-Ks on file with the SEC. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended January 31, 2009 grew 9% to $0.76, up from $0.70 from the 13 weeks ended February 2, 2008. Net earnings for the quarter grew to a record $97.4 million, from $94.5 million in the prior year period. For the 52 weeks ended January 31, 2009, earnings per share grew 23% to $2.33, up from $1.90 for the 52 weeks ended February 2, 2008. Net earnings for fiscal 2008 increased 17% to a record $305.4 million, up from $261.1 million in 2007.  Fourth quarter sales increased 5% to $1.734 billion, with comparable store sales down 1% from the prior year. For the full year, total sales rose 9% to $6.486 billion, with same store sales up 2% over the prior year. Merchandise and geographic sales trends were generally broad based. The best performing merchandise categories for both the quarter and the year were dresses and shoes, while the mid Atlantic was the strongest region throughout the year.  We are very pleased with our solid earnings per share growth for both the fourth quarter and fiscal 2008. Our results are especially noteworthy, considering the extremely challenging macroeconomic and retail environment that became increasingly difficult as the year progressed. The key driver of our performance was the efficient execution of our resilient and flexible off-price strategies, including our ability to take advantage of the huge amount of close-out opportunities in the marketplace. This enabled us to deliver fresh and exciting assortments of sharply priced name brand bargains to our customers. More importantly, we accomplished this while also operating the business with leaner in-store inventories, which drove fast returns and reduced markdowns, resulting in higher merchandise gross margin. Operating margin for the 2008 fourth quarter was 9.1%, which was up about 5 basis points over the prior year. We were pleased with our ability to maintain profit margins during the quarter, despite the extremely difficult external environment. Our fourth quarter results were driven by solid gains in merchandise gross margin that were partially offset by some de-leveraging on occupancy and store operating costs, as well as by higher distribution expenses as a percent of sales. For the 2008 fiscal year, operating margin increased about 60 basis points over the prior year to 7.6%. As a percent of sale, key drivers of our improved profitability for the year were higher merchandise gross margin and lower distribution and shortage costs, partially offset by an increase in occupancy, store operating and incentive plan expenses.  On average, in-store inventories were down in the double digit percentage range throughout 2008 and we ended the year down about 18%. We are planning to further reduce in-store inventories in 2009, with average levels targeted down in the double digit percentage range compared to 2008.  Operating our business on lower inventory levels allows us to get more fresh and exciting merchandise in front of the customer. As we saw with our 2008 results, it also drives faster inventory turns, which typically results in lower markdowns and a higher merchandise gross margin.  We believe this ongoing focus on tied inventory management will enhance our ability to meet or possibly exceed our financial targets in what we expect will be another very challenging year in 2009.  Turning to our store expansion program, we added 66 net new stores in 2008 for a 7% increase. This growth included 72 new Ross Dress for Less and five dd’s DISCOUNTS locations. We also closed six Ross and five dd’s during the year.  Now I’d like to update you on dd’s DISCOUNTS. We are pleased to report that we began to see stronger sales trends at this young business, beginning in the latter part of the third quarter and continuing throughout the important Holiday season. Consumers responded to the competitive value offerings to dd’s, which helped drive solid comparable store sales gains during the fourth quarter. As we’ve noted on prior calls, we have been working to improve the performance at dd’s. We closed five stores at the end of the fourth quarter after concluding that the demographics for these locations were not a good fit for this business. One site will reopen in 2009 as a Ross location. The earnings trend from dd’s in 2008, was about 35 basis points, and included expenses related to the five store closures. This compares to a 40 basis point drag in fiscal 2007.  All in all, we are encouraged with the progress we are seeing at dd’s, especially considering that it was achieved in one of the most difficult retail climates on record. We believe we have an improved understanding today of this customer and have fine tuned our merchandise offerings to better meet their wants and needs. Going forward, we will continue to strengthen our assortments with attractive and compelling values that appeal to this budget conscious shopper. We believe these measures will enhance our ability to continue to improve the sales and profitability of this young chain over the longer term. Now let’s talk about our financial condition. Both our balance sheet and cash flows remain healthy as we ended 2008. We believe that our ability to continue to fund our growth in the midst of the current financial crisis is a significant competitive advantage. During 2008, after internally financing both our working capital and capital expenditure requirements, we used available cash to buyback $69 million of common stock in the fourth quarter and $300 million for the fiscal year. This allowed us to retire about $2.49 million and $9.3 million shares in the fourth quarter and fiscal year periods respectively. As previously disclosed, we plan to complete the remaining $300 million stock repurchase authorization during 2009. In addition to the buyback, our commitment to enhancing stockholder returns is reflected in the 16% increase in our quarterly cash dividend that our Board approved in January. Now I’d like to update you on an important initiative; micro merchandising. Micro merchandising consists of new information system enhancements and process changes that are designed to improve our ability to plan, buy and allocate product, at a more local level.  We recently completed as planned, the initial chain wide rollout to about 15% of the merchandised classes in our stores. We are pleased to report that this rollout went smoothly and that these new systems and processes are working as planned. During 2009, we expect to rollout micro merchandising to another 50% of the merchandised categories in our stores, with the remaining 35% roll out in 2010.  It is difficult to quantify the benefit from this new initiative especially, after just one season and with only 15% of our merchandised categories on the new platform. We expect that it will take a couple of seasons to build some history and use our knowledge to gain proficiency with the system’s capabilities. That said, we remain confident over the longer term. These new tools will drive gradual improvement in sales and profitability, not only in our newer markets, but also across the chains. Now I’d like to review the 2009 targets we communicated with our January sales release in early February. As previously noted, we have a very resilient and flexible off-price model, that when executed efficiently has enabled us to deliver solid results in both favorable and more challenging business cycles. We also recognize however, that we are still in the midst of one of the most severe recessions on record, and that consumers continue to face numerous economic head winds. As a result we have been cautious in setting our sales and earnings targets for 2009, with the hope that we can do better as we recently did in February when sales were above plan. For the 2009 fiscal year, we are forecasting same store sales to decline 1% to 3%, compared to a 2% gain in 2008 and projecting earnings per share in the range of $2.25 to $2.45. For the first quarter of 2009, we also are projecting same-store sales declines of 1% to 3%, compared to a 3% gain in the prior year and earnings per share in the range of $0.56 to $0.61, compared to $0.60 in the prior year period.  We faced the toughest sales comparison of the year in the second quarter when comparable store-sales rose 6% last year benefiting in-part from the tax rebate checks. As a result, we are planning same-store sales declines in the mid single digits for the second quarter of 2009. With easier prior year comparisons in the second half, we are planning comparable store sales to improve and be relatively flat to last year.  Now, John will provide some additional details on our fourth quarter results and review the underlying operating statement assumptions that support our earnings per share targets for the first quarter and fiscal 2009.
John Call: Thank you, Michael. As Michael discussed, our fourth quarter operating margin improved slightly over the prior year, as the 40 basis point increase in gross margin was partially offset by a 35 basis point increase in selling, general and administrative costs as a percent of sales. The higher gross margin during the fourth quarter was driven mainly by better merchandise margin, which increased about 70 basis points. As Michael noted, our more liquid ultimate by position this year, enabled our buyer to take advantage of the very attractive close-out opportunities in the markets. Combined with leaner inventories, we also realized faster turn and lower markdowns.  The improvement in merchandise margin in the quarter was partially offset by an increase in occupancy and distribution expenses versus the prior year. About half of the higher, selling, general and administrative costs as a percent of sales during the quarter, was driven by the de-leveraging impact on store operating costs from the slight decline in same-store sales. The remaining pressure was mostly related to expenses equivalent to about $0.015 per share to close the five dd’s locations at year end.  Finally as Michael noted, both our balance sheet and cash flows remained healthy. At the end of fiscal 2008, we had $322 million in cash and short term investments, and $150 million in long term debt, comprised of two series of notes due in 2018 and 2021; proceeds from which were used to finance our distribution. In addition, we have a $600 million un-drawn revolving credit facility with a wide syndicate of commercial banks that remains available and extends through July 2011. As a result, the combination of our existing cash balances, on going cash generating capability and current credit facility, gives us plenty of financial flexibility to fund our growth and working capital needs over both, a short and longer term. Now we’ll spend a few moments summarizing the underlying assumptions that support our 2009 fiscal year and first quarter EPS targets. A more detailed version of this is available in the written transcript of our January sales release recorded comments, in the investor section of our corporate website.  Our fiscal year 2009 earnings per share projection of 225 to 245 is based on projected total sales growth of 1% to 3% over 2008, driven by a 5% increase in the number of stores, partially offset by a 1% to 3% decline in same store sales.  Operating margin that is forecasted to be flat to down 40 basis points for the year, as an expected improvement in merchandise gross margin and lower freight and distribution costs as a percent of sales, are forecast to be offset by some de-leveraging pressure on expenses. Net interest expense grew about $7 million, a tax rate of approximately 39% and a 5% decline in diluted shares to about $125 million. The operating statement assumptions that support our first quarter EPS guidance of $0.56 to $0.61 include, total sales of our forecast to increase about 1% to 3% over the prior year. Earlier this month, we completed our first quarter store opening, adding 90 new locations, 18 Ross and one dd’s. The sales benefit from these new stores is expected to be partially offset by 1% to 3% decline in comparable store sales.  On March 5, we reported that February same-store sales increased 1%, which was ahead of plan. While we were pleased with our performance in February, it is the smallest month of the quarter, with the important March, April Easter selling period still ahead of us. In addition Easter is moving to the second Sunday of fiscal April 2009, from the fourth Sunday in fiscal March last year.  Holiday shifts like this can be difficult to predict. As a result, earlier this month, we reiterated our guidance for a same-store sales decline of 4% to 6% in March and a 1% to 3% increase in April.  First quarter operating margin is chartered to be down 10 to 50 basis points. Our year-over-year comparison is impacted by operating margin in the first quarter of 2008 that benefited by about 30 basis points from income related to real estate settlement. Now I’ll turn the call back to Michael for some closing comments.
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. To summarize, Ross Stores was able to achieve strong sales and earnings growth in 2008, despite one of the toughest macroeconomic and retail climates on record.  As mentioned earlier, we generated 2% growth in same store sales, added 23% gain during 2008. More importantly, we continue to show earnings growth in the second half of the year, despite the fierce economic headwinds that exerted pressure on the retailing world and became increasingly difficult as the year progressed.  Our comparable store sales slowed from the strong 5% gain we posted in the first half to a 1% decline in the second half. However, our strict inventory management enabled us to drive faster turn that is led to better than expected gross margin. This allowed us to leverage these revenue gains into solid 13% earnings per share growth for the third and fourth quarters combined.  These financial results, especially compared to the vast majority of other retailers, reflect the continued resilience and flexibility of our off-price business model when it is well executed. Looking ahead, we remain confident that our on going ability to deliver compelling bargains will continue to resonate with today’s increasingly value driven consumer. Our continued focus on efficiently executing our off-price strategies will remain the key to maximizing our prospects for sales and earnings growth, while optimizing stockholder returns over the both, the short and long term. At this point, we’d like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Two quick questions, the first is housekeeping. You guys have done a lot of work on shrink over the years than you have initiated a couple of years back. I was curious as the economy gets tougher, have you increased your reserves for ‘09? Then the other is for Michael. I know there is so much inventory out there; we all know that there’s a ton of inventory out there. I was curious if you could just talk about the quality of inventory and if you’re seeing the quality of brand improve for you guys, still even at the end of the year and heading into ‘09 and if you feel good about those relationships heading into ‘09, as it seems some of the inventory commitments have started to comedown a little bit?
John Call: I will take the first one on the shrink reserve. This is John. Our practice is to reserve based on our most recent historical results and we recognize that in these tough economic times, there could be some upward movement in shrink; we’ve tried to provide for that. We are also investing pretty heavily in shrink control on measures. So, hopefully we’ll have a good result this is year.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Great, thanks.
Michael Balmuth: It is Michael. On merchandise availability and the quality of brands and relationships, our merchandise availability has been strong and continues to be, and this is at all levels, both in moderate and the upper end of the business and the quality of the assortments that are available, as well as the brand has really never been better. I think the relationships have gotten stronger through these tougher times for ourselves, with the marketplace and I think it puts us in good stead going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: John, I was hoping you could help us with the comp metrics in the quartered number of transactions versus the average signet. Then Michael if you could talk about your inventory plans for the year; on going double-digit declines, can you help us understand how you’re able to execute this and does it involve a change in your packaway strategy? Thanks.
John Call: Kimberly, this is John. On the comp metrics, actually our total basket is down a couple of points; the transactions are up one, which resulted in the downward comp. So we’re seeing customers spend a little less, but the traffic launch transactions have been pretty healthy.
Michael Balmuth: It’s Michael. Relative to our inventory position, as you all know we cut our inventory dramatically last year. It actually started at the end of ’07, cutting it. Basically, our premise was increasing the flow of receipts to stores in a more consistent, actually rapid manner and with the work we’ve been doing over the last several year, in approving the speed through our whole distribution network, that helped give us the capability to cut our inventories and anticipate that we would be able to still replenish the stores quite frequently. So, we have not seen the customers say ‘ouch,’ in terms of not having product in our store and so we’ll continue to run at lower level this year as we’ve said. It does not affect our overall packaway strategy. We are able to make decisions; however on some product that we might have packed before, we might slow now, some portion of it or all of it. So, on an overall basis though, our packaway strategy has not changed.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan.
Evren Kopelman - JP Morgan: Thank. Hi it’s Evren Kopelman for Brian. The first question is about your square footage growth. Have you thought about 2010, if you expect the unit growth to potentially return to normal rates or if you still think it will be in the mid single digit range and do you still think you can be a 1,200 store chain?
John Call: No, as it were in 2000, obviously we’re not that far out. We did I think last year announce that our growth this year would be more in the mid single levels and I don’t know whether we’re ready to talk about 2010 yet, based on what’s going on in the market.
Michael Balmuth: In terms of long term growth we still see ourselves having the potential of being 1,200 or beyond, the 1,200 is your number.
Evren Kopelman - JP Morgan: Okay and then secondly in terms of rent, how many stores do you have in centers with either Linens ‘n Things or Circuit City that could potentially give you kick out clauses or rent relief?
Michael O’Sullivan:
 :
 :
 :
Evren Kopelman - JP Morgan: Finally, your packaway has really declined over the past several years from the mid 40s to I guess mid 30s at the end of last month. Again, you mention your packaway strategy is not changing, but can you talk a little bit more about whether that’s kind of the rate you plan to keep or what that means in general inventory planning?
Michael Balmuth : Well, our packaway inventory levels will fluctuate based on availability of product and also the level in which we exceed our sales plan and so, we haven’t had a materially different view of that for years and so I would say for modeling; John we are guiding people?
John Call: That’s even kind of on a year-over-year basis as a percent, and obviously there is seasonality that comes into play there as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Thanks, guys. You had mentioned your plans for merchandised margin to be up for the year. Can you maybe talk us through how that might look throughout the year; where your real opportunities are from a merchandise margin perspective and maybe address if you think that you still have opportunity in the back half? Then second, just wondering if you’ve seen any impact improvement in the stores that are located close to some of the Mervyn’s that are closed? Thanks.
Michael Balmuth :  Well, relative to merchandised margins, as we look at ‘09 Paul, actually we think there’s still some upside as the markets are pretty good for us by size. Additionally, as we manage inventories tighter, we think we can get quicker turns and reduce some of the markdown. So, we still see some better upside in that throughout the year, and a piece of that by quarter is covering out that meaningfully right now as the total is looking at the four year level.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Even if we get to the back half there is still opportunity, right?
Michael Balmuth : Yes, we think there’s opportunity in the back half as well.
John Call: Paul, on your second question about impact from store closings, our expectation, stating the obvious I guess is, had more competitive drive in the market, we’re going to master it from there. We think many of those shoppers are going to be looking for bargains and we think if we execute on our strategy of delivering those targets we’re going to pick up business.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Have you seen anything just yet on some of those store closings?
Michael Balmuth : I would just add some things; we believe we are seeing some benefit, but it’s difficult really to quantify, especially with all of the other external issues that are impacting not only us, but all retailers today, but certainly over the longer term, closures could do some very good things for us. It should enhance merchandise supply; it should give us a further ability to attract good retail talent and I think our market share should grow as we can play as we have the competitive landscape.
John Call: In terms of quantification Paul, just to put in perspective, many of these retailers have remained closed for both [Inaudible]. If I go through the list we have 400 Ross Stores that are in five miles of Linens 'n Things; we have over 200 Ross Stores that are in five miles of the Mervyn’s; we have several 150 within five miles of the Shoe Pavilion.  So there isn’t much about change that hasn’t had a retail go out of business within a competitive sort of feedback. We are pretty happy with our business so far based upon our preparation to performance and to be the successful [Inaudible] given the extent of the retailers going out of business.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeff Black - Barclays Capital. 
Jeff Black - Barclays Capital : For John, what drove the distribution expenses a little higher in the quarter? I don’t believe I caught that; and Michael, why not use this opportunity to buy a lot of stock up here and put some of that money into growing stores if you think you got a good stable ROIC model; and if we do at some point get around to growing square footage again, would we likely see Ross move into some new geographic areas? Are we there yet or would we see dd’s expense? Thanks.
John Call: Jeff, I’ll take the first one on the DC. They did de-lever by 20 basis points in the fourth quarter, but DC costs really can fluctuate on a quarterly basis. We have certain DC costs that get capitalized in inventory and as inventories comedown, those costs flow through the P&L, so there’s a timing issue there.  So, I think it is probably more constructive to look at DC for the year, to take out some of the time indifferences and we did levered by about 20 basis points based on productivity and efficiencies that were achieved in the DC’s.
Michael Balmuth: On the square footage question Jeff, I mean to be clear, we are growing square footage about 5% to 10% this year and as John mentioned earlier, we’re looking at plans for 2010 and beyond. We expect to continue to grow. We haven’t yet made decisions about when we would actually market; that’s probably a couple of years away, but I’ve got no opinion of that right now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Stacey Pack - SP Research.  
Stacey Pack - SP Research: A couple of things; one is can you say what the drag was for dd’s for the quarter? Two can you tell us what shrink was for ‘08 or did you come out ahead versus your reserve this year?  Three, the comp to leverage occupancy and SG&A and then just going back to the whole merchandise availability question; specifically thinking about the second half, how are you thinking about managing the business given that there was so much product late ‘08 early ‘09?  I guess I’m kind of surprised packaway isn’t higher and I’m just wondering how you think about it. Have you changed your strategy at all to compete and how low can you get inventory going forward? Thanks.
John Call: So, the first one is dd’s drag. I’ll take that one. So for the year, it’s about 35 basis points. That included about five basis points related to the closure that we had at year end in dd’s. That compared to about 40 basis points in 2007.
Stacey Pack - SP Research: Is that in the fourth quarter or you don’t break it out by quarter.
John Call: That is broken out by quarter. We expect to improve on that as we go into ‘09. The second question was comp leverage? We think on the expense line we need probably about a 3% comp to get leverage on expenses and occupancy and the third question was on the shrink reserve. We actually were a little over reserved as we came in with physical inventory and I think we took about 10 basis points on the keen basis in the income during the year. So, I think we’re adequately reserved.
Michael Balmuth: Relative to how we’re thinking about the business going forward in terms of availability, we would expect that the year-over-year volume in the year and availability would still be there. I’ve been doing this for a number of years and availability has always been there, but I think retailers are having a hard time forecasting their sales patterns. When that happens, it leads to more inventory for the off-price sector and I don’t think this will be any different for the back half of this year.  How low can we get inventories? I don’t know, okay. We’re going to keep moving the needle. We’re certainly going to do what we’ve said for this year and I would expect that it will take some further reductions going forward, but we haven’t started planning ‘10 yet from an inventory level basis at this point, but certainly, the business is built on receipts not inventory levels and as long as we’re getting enough fresh receipts to our stores, we seem to be satisfying our customers.
Stacey Pack - SP Research: Just on the inventory, a lot of retailers are getting better control over their inventory for the second half. So, why would you not be changing at all in your strategy? I mean why do you just think they’re going to be off in forecast? Wouldn’t it make sense to maybe have more packaway or something along those lines?
Michael Balmuth: When they get control of their sales line, I’ll be more concerned.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Mann - Johnson Rice.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: In terms of dd’s, John can you quantify in terms of basis points what that improvement you expect to be on the drag in ‘09? Then in addition can you give us a sense on how many stores or what kind of time line you would expect to get to profitability there, and then I have a second question for Michael.
John Call: Sure. We probably expect it to trend with five to ten basis points of improvement in dd’s in ‘09 Dave.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: And then how many stores or when would you expect it to be profitable?
Michael Balmuth:
 :
David Mann - Johnson Rice: Okay, and then Michael, obviously the fourth quarter environment, everyone was like caught by the [Inaudible] that’s defined there. When you see the commercial environment as it’s sort of starting to pen out in the first quarter and related to what you saw in the fourth quarter, are you seeing any level of improvement in terms of what the competition is there?
Michael Balmuth: Are these promotional?
David Mann - Johnson Rice: Exactly.
Michael Balmuth: I think it’s a little tanner right now okay. Again pre-Easter hasn’t really kicked in yet. It’s too early February. Certainly the clear out prices on forward are extremely aggressive and department stores advertising, discounts on full product up to 85% offsets unusual; on new spring merchandise it doesn’t feel much more aggressive than it’s been in prior years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sean Noughton - Piper Jaffray
Sean Noughton - Piper Jaffray: I guess I have a couple of questions here. First, can you remind us of some of the puts and takes within the operating margin that may impede your progress towards achieving, an operating margin that you’ve seen before, a 9.5%, 10% level?
Michael Balmuth:
 : Having said that, we are doing a good job of maximizing merchandise gross margin of inventory control and we are always looking for expense save. The company has a very good history of being pretty fertile on the expense lines, so we’ll keep coming with those things and get back to more healthy margins.
Sean Noughton - Piper Jaffray: Then in terms of just specifically freight for the year, how far down are you planning that?
John Call: For the year we believe just based on fuel pricing, the way it’s been I think fuel pricing today is just at about 30% lower than it was last year. So, we do expect some help from that on the freight line; probably 10 to 20 basis points in ‘09.
Sean Noughton - Piper Jaffray: Okay and then on dd’s, is there anything specific within the trends in the merchandise that you are seeing within that business?
Michael Balmuth: It really is very broad based. Its broad based, the business is a younger business in terms of the customer level; in terms of some of the businesses in the store, the younger businesses are more important, but the trend is very broad based.
Sean Noughton - Piper Jaffray: Okay, and then lastly on the sales tax increase that’s set to go in here in California, on April 1, can you comment on or quantify any sort of impact that you’ve seen in prior times when you’ve had some sort of a tax increase?
Michael Balmuth: It’s constitutive; we’ve gone back and we’ve looked at it, but the reality is what’s happening in California is just a small subset of what’s happening in the overall economy. I mean with the housing market getting worse, with California legislatures [Inaudible] cost of budgets and federal governments and state of the banks, it’s hard for us to figure out what the impact of all of those things is and certainly, perhaps one thing, the sales tax increases have been very hard. We tried, but we just don’t have…
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: You’ve had a lot of success, I guess recently with Mid-Atlantic. Are those stores as profitable as the rest of the chain now? Have they historically been less profitable? Do I have that correct?
John Call: Yes, you have that correct. Relative to store contribution they don’t do as well, because the volumes aren’t what the other parts of the chain are. We have done well recently in the Mid-Atlantic from a comp stand point, but they still aren’t at the level of store volumes of the chain.
Michael O’Sullivan:
 :
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: So that gap is closing, but is it a material gap still John?
John Call: It’s enough to where they’re planning to work on.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: Okay, also in your cash flow statement, I noticed an up tick in depreciation in Q3 and Q4 versus the prior year and I was wondering if you could help explain that John?
John Call: Sure. We brought online a part of our Moreno Valley distribution center, we had things added to that depreciation line and that’s started in kind of third, fourth quarter of this year.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: So that will continue into the first half of ‘09 and do I have that right, $175 million to $180 million is your guidance for depreciation in ‘09?
John Call: Yes, that’s right.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: Okay. One last question, in your guidance you provided for Q4, you suggested that there will be no interest income or expense; would it be flat net and there was certainly expense in Q4, so I was wondering if you could help us understand that, John.
John Call: Well that rate, that’s actually down on investments pretty severely during the fourth quarter and that’s what led to that difference in interest income.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Can you talk a little bit about, when you think about your customers in this environment, do you feel you’re gaining new customers from the stores or bigger share of the wallet from your existing customers and if so, how do you track it?  The next thing is, on the competitive landscape out there, how has that changed given the ultra promotional environment that we’ve had? Is our discounters encroaching more, is the dropdown in department store pricing making it more competitive? How do you see the landscape and how are you adapting to it also? Thank you.
Michael O’Sullivan: Dana, this is Michael O’Sullivan. On your first question of our customers, it’s very hard for us to track precisely where our customers are coming from. We always believe that our customers have lots of different choices and we’ve always believed that our customers shop around within the markets.  So, when we look at our business now versus the business of other retailer, what we have to conclude is that we are getting a bit of share; probably getting more customers into the store and buying those customers and therefore expanding our share versus competitors; just looking at the relative cost metrics that has to be true. In terms of your question about the competitive landscape, that’s a good question. It’s hard to predict when that falls on this economic crisis we’re going through. As we said a little bit earlier, we do think that we’re pretty well positioned and we expect to come out of this economic environment stronger. As more retailers struggle, as more retailers drive business, we think that’s going to be good for us long term.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: I know February is a small month and then you’ve got this Easter shift in the current month that makes it difficult to assess current trends, but I just wanted to ask if is there any discernable, meaningful change in trend. I mean you think consumers are feeling, your core customers are feeling a little bit better these days, a little bit worse? I know you talked about 2009 being a very difficult year, but any insight that you might be able to provide into just kind of current trends will be helpful? Thanks.
Michael Balmuth: I think all we’re willing to say is that we’re happy with February and it is very early in the season to think that we’re seeing anything discernable going on out of February and I think there is a lot of bad news out there and hopefully it will start moving in the right direction, but we are not economists and it’ll be too early for us as a retailer to form any conclusions.
Patrick Mckeever - Mkm Partners: Thanks Michael and then second question, you mentioned close-outs in the press release, that there are huge opportunities in close-outs and most of your buying, still manufacture overruns, right. Are close-outs becoming a meaningfully bigger percentage of your buys, and how about picking up those orders. Are close outs canceled orders as well or is that something different. I guess I’m just wondering how the mix of merchandise that you’re buying is changing.
Michael Balmuth: Okay, close-outs, overruns and canceled orders are all one and the same. So, the mix of what we are buying is we are a close out oriented company and we are seeing more close-outs available now, so close-outs even are a bigger part of our mix than they are normally, but it is a mix of all of those three types of purchasing that you said that forms the basis of our talking about ourselves as a close-out driven, off-price company.  So, it’s somewhat different, okay, and the numbers are higher in the level of close-outs that are in our assortments today than before and the big point though is, it really isn’t just a percentage gain, it’s the quality of the close-outs versus the past. It’s been a very good shopping time.
Patrick Mckeever - Mkm Partners: So getting some brands anyway that you might have had a year ago, I mean you’re getting new…
Michael Balmuth: Some of that and more of the resources we’d like to carry to most of them. So, it’s a mix of some newer brands in the store and also a mix of getting more products from top tier brands.
Operator: Thank you. We will now turn the call back over to Mr. Balmuth for closing remarks.
Michael Balmuth: Thank you all for attending. Have a very good day. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael A. Balmuth - Vice Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer John G. Call - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Corporate Secretary Michael O'Sullivan - Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer Norman A. Ferber - Chairman of the Board Gary L. Cribb - Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer 
Analysts: Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan  Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Michelle Clark – Morgan Stanley David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company Sean Noughton – Piper Jaffray  Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Randal Konik – Jefferies & Co.  Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs William Keller - FTN Midwest Research  
Operator: Welcome to the Ross Stores third quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. The call will begin with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Balmuth. 
Michael Balmuth:  Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Also on our call are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer; Michael O'Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer; John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and from Investor Relations, Katie Loughnot and Bobbi Chaville. I’ll will begin with a brief review of our third quarter and year-to-date performance, followed by our outlook for the balance of the year. Then John will provide more details on our third quarter results and guidance for fourth quarter. Afterwards, we’ll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.  Before we begin, I want to note that our comments on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on management’s current forecasts of aspects of the company’s future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results or current expectations. These risk factors are detailed in today’s press release and our fiscal 2007 Form 10K and fiscal 2008 Form 10Q and 8K’s on file with the SEC.   Earnings per share for the thirteen weeks ended November 1, 2008 grew 22% to $0.44 up from $0.36 per share in the prior year. Net earnings for the 2008 third quarter grew to a record $57.3 million up from $48.7 million in the same period last year. Sales in the third quarter grew 6% to $1.555 billion with comparable store sales even with the prior year period.  For the nine months ended November 1, 2008 earnings per share grew 30% to $1.57 up from $1.21 in the first nine months of 2007. Net earnings for the first nine months of 2008 grew to a record $208.1 million from $166.6 million for the same year-to-date period in 2007. Sales for the first nine months of 2008 increased 10% to $4.752 billion with comparable store sales up 3%.  We are pleased with our solid third quarter earnings growth especially considering the very challenging macro economic and retail environment. The ongoing resilience and flexibility of our off-price business model enabled us to respond to these external pressures by further reducing both inventories and expenses. These actions along with better than expected shortage results from our annual physical inventory during the quarter enabled us to protect profit margin and deliver earnings per share at the high end of our original guidance.  Dresses, accessories and shoes were the strongest merchandise categories posting mid single digit to mid teen percentage gains in comparable store sales during the quarter. The best performing markets were Mid-Atlantic and Texas with percentage same store sales growth in the mid to high single digits.  Our value focus model has also enabled our business to hold up fairly well even in the hard hit housing markets. In California third quarter comparable store sales fell 2% just slightly below the flat performance of the chain despite the impact of unseasonably warm weather for most of the period. Year-to-date both California and Florida same store sales are up 1% compared to the chain and up 3% while the southwest trailed with a low single digit decline.  Operating margin in the third quarter increased by about 70 basis points to 6.1% as a 130 basis point gain in gross margin was partially offset by a 60 basis point increase in selling, general and administrative expenses. As we ended the third quarter total consolidated inventories were down about 2% with in store inventories down on average about 12%. Pack-away levels were about 33% of total inventories compared to 30% at this time last year.  As expected we opened 22 net new locations in the third quarter, 20 Ross Dress for Less and two DD’s Discounts. Year-to-date we have added a net 70 Ross and five DD stores and we ended the quarter with a total of 963 locations.  As we saw in the first half of the year sales trends at DD’s Discount in the third quarter continue to have mixed results. Comparable store sales were slightly slower than expected but improved during the latter portion of the quarter. As we have noted on prior calls, we have been working to strengthen the performance this year of the 26 new DD’s Discounts that we opened in 2007. 16 of which were in new markets in Florida, Texas and Arizona.  Although we have seen improvement in a number of these stores we have decided to close four locations by the end of the fourth quarter. Three of the store closures are in Florida and one is in California. We have concluded that the demographics in these store locations were not an appropriate fit for DD’s. Furthermore, we did not see an opportunity for meaningful improvement.  We continue to believe there is a customer that values the DD’s business proposition and will continue our efforts to improve the overall sales and profitability of this young chain.  Now let’s talk about our financial condition. Both our balance sheet and cash flows remain strong and healthy as we ended the third quarter. We believe that our ability to continue to self-fund our growth in the midst of the current credit crisis is a competitive advantage especially as we look to develop new vendor relationships and take advantage of the terrific merchandise opportunities we are seeing in the marketplace.  In addition, after internally financing both our working capital and capital expenditure requirements we used available cash to buy back common stock in the amount of $79 million in the third quarter and $231 million year-to-date. This allowed us to retire 2.4 million and 7 million shares in the quarter and year-to-date periods respectively. I am pleased to report that we remain on track to complete half of our current two-year $600 million buyback program this year. In addition, we expect to complete the full two-year buyback as planned by the end of 2009 without taking on any incremental long-term debt.  Looking ahead we believe our stores are competitively positioned to appeal to an increasingly value driven customer as we enter the important fourth quarter. Our merchants have been able to take advantage of the increased supply of terrific close out opportunities in today’s markets to create fresh and exciting assortments of sharply priced name brand bargains and gifts.  Compared to most other retailers, our steadfast focus on delivering compelling values has helped to offset some of the impact on our business from the recent slow down in consumer spending. That said, based on the increasingly difficult macro economic and retail climate and our expectation of a very promotional holiday season we believe it is prudent to adopt a more conservative outlook for the fourth quarter. As a result, while we hope to do better, for the 13 weeks ending January 31, 2009 we now are projecting comparable store sales to decline 1-3% on top of a 2% gain in the prior year.  Fourth quarter earnings per share are not forecast to be in the range of $0.69 to $0.75 which includes expenses equivalent to about $0.015 per share related to the four DD Discount Store closures. This updated range compares to earnings per share of $0.70 in the 2007 fourth quarter.  For the 2008 fiscal year we now are forecasting earnings per share in the range of $2.26 to $2.32 for a projected increase of 19-22% over $1.90 in fiscal 2007. This range includes expenses for the four DD’s closures.  Now John will provide some additional details on our third quarter results and review the underlying operating statement assumptions that support our updated guidance for the fourth quarter. 
John Call:  Thank you Michael. As Michael discussed, third quarter operating margin improved by about 70 basis points driven by a 130 basis point increase in gross margin that was partially offset by a 60 basis point increase in selling, general and administrative costs.  The improvement in gross margin during the third quarter was driven mainly by higher merchandise margins which increased about 90 basis points not including the benefit from lower shrink. As Michael noted our increase opened a buy position this year has enabled us to take advantage of the attractive close out opportunities in today’s markets. Combined with leaner and tighter inventories we are realizing less return and lower mark down.  We completed our annual physical inventory in the stores during the third quarter. Results reflect that efficient execution of our shortage control initiatives over the past year contributed to a better than expected improvement in shrink, providing a favorable comparison of about 35 basis points versus the third quarter 2007. We estimate that the benefit from this lower shortage versus our accrual added about $0.02 earnings per share to our third quarter 2008 results.  Gross margin in the quarter also benefited from lower distribution expenses which offset the slight increase in buying and [inaudible] costs versus the prior year.  The increase in selling, general and administrative costs was driven in part by timing issues related to an initiative to better align store operating costs with functional activities. Specifically, we shifted some store payroll dollars associated with the receipt of holiday merchandise from this year’s fourth quarter into the third quarter. Also, as expected, expense comparisons were affected by a construction related settlement at one of our distribution facilities in the third quarter 2007 that benefited that prior year period by about 25 basis points.  Finally, as Michael noted, both our balance sheet and cash flows remain very healthy. At the end of the quarter we had $234 million in cash or short-term investments and $150 million in long-term debt comprised of two series of senior notes due in 2018 and 2021, the proceeds of which were used to finance our distribution centers.  In addition we have a $600 million revolving credit facility with a wide syndicate of commercial banks that remains fully available and extends through July 2011. As a result of a combination of our existing cash balances, ongoing cash generating capability and current credit facilities give us plenty of financial flexibility to manage through the difficult environment over both the short and longer term.  Let’s turn now to our fourth quarter guidance. As Michael noted, for the 13 weeks ending January 31, 2009, we have adopted a more conservative outlook and now are forecasting comparable store sales to decline 1-3% on top of a 2% gain in the fourth quarter of 2007. We are also projecting earnings per share of $0.69 to $0.75 for the fourth quarter of 2008 compared to $0.70 in the prior year.  The assumptions that support our fourth quarter earnings per share projections are as follows: Total sales are expected to grow about 3-5% driven by a combination of new store growth and as mentioned same store sales that are projected to decline 1-3%. With Thanksgiving coming a week later this year compared to 2007, November has 7 fewer shopping days after Thanksgiving. Also our fiscal December has two more days before Christmas. Taking these shifts into consideration, as well as the potential pressure from store closures such as Mervyn’s and Linens-n-Things, we are planning same store sales to decline 3-5% in November and to be relatively flat in December and to decline 2-4% in January. In 2007, comparable store sales were up 3% in November and December and up 1% in January.  Operating margin is expected to be flat to down 50 basis points for a forecasted range of 8.5-9%. About 50 basis points of the decline is related to the four DD’s store closures.  Our projected operating margin range has since flat to slightly up gross margin that is expected to be offset by some de-leveraging on selling, general and administrative costs. During the fourth quarter we start to anniversary the gross margin improvement that began during this period in 2007 when reductions in inventory levels started to drive faster turn and lower mark downs.  We are forecasting no interest income or expense for the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter tax rate is expected to be about 38% which is unchanged from the prior year. Diluted shares are targeted to be about $130 million in the fourth quarter and $132 million for fiscal 2008.  Now I’ll turn the call back to Michael for some closing comments. 
Michael Balmuth:  Thank you John. To summarize, Ross Stores has been able to achieve solid growth and financial results year-to-date in a very tough macro economic and retail world. For the first nine months of 2008 we have been able to deliver total sales gains of 10%, same store sales increases of 3% and earnings per share growth of 30%.  This performance, especially compared to most other retailers, reflects not only the resilience of our off-price business model but more importantly the successful execution of our strategies due to the focus and discipline of our entire organization. Our merchants remain focused in their search for the very best bargains among the huge supply of terrific brand merchandise available to us today. We also continue to operate the business on even lower inventory which has been key to our improved open to buy liquidity, helping to drive faster turns, better gross margin and higher returns on invested capital. Across the company, associates in our stores, buying offices, distribution centers and corporate offices are finding ways to get their job done smarter, faster and at lower cost.  Finally, as a management team we have always been and continue to be conservative in our use of capital and leverage and in our focus of maintaining the strength and flexibility of our balance sheet and cash flows.  In closing, we remain confident that our core strategy of delivering compelling bargains will continue to resonate with an increasingly value driven consumer. We also believe that our ongoing focus of successful execution of our off-price strategies in all areas of our business will continue to enhance our ability to manage through this increasingly difficult economic cycle better than most other retailers. This focus is the key to maximizing our prospects for sales and earnings growth while optimizing stockholder returns over both the short and long-term.  At this point we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse. 
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Can you maybe just clarify what you were saying on payroll shifts? What was it that hurt expenses in the third quarter? Michael, given what is happening in the environment how much have you changed the amount of up front buying you are doing versus buying in season? If there is any type of clarification you can provide there that would be helpful. Also, just wondering in terms of product availability would you say the next 12 months can be as good as the last 12 or would you say it is tough to get much better? 
John Call:  I’ll take the first piece which is the shift in some store expenses. We shifted some payroll dollars this year from the fourth quarter to the end of the third quarter as part of our strategy to align store payroll more with some of the functional activities such as the hit of receipt period, rather than how we had done it in the past which was just based on sales volume. So that shift was about 30 basis points from the fourth quarter to the third quarter. I also mentioned there was about 25 basis point favorability in the 2007 compare that related to a one-time item where we had a settlement related to some construction defects in one of our distribution centers. The other 5 basis points is just basic de-leverage based on the negative comp. 
Michael Balmuth:  Relative to up front buying, we predominately buy close outs. There are a couple of pockets in the store where we do a little more up front than others but for the most part we are a close out store. With that said we do still do some up front and yes we have pulled it back and the numbers are not gigantic that we were doing nor is the pull back massive. I don’t have the exact number at my fingertips but we are certainly buying less up front product than we were before.  Relative to product availability, it obviously based on market conditions has been a very good time to be an off-price buyer. As we look forward to next year we anticipate that product availability will still be very strong as a result of the fact that we do not anticipate that inventories will fall off the line in mainstream retail. It may have been harder for the retailers to get their handles on to date and we think that will continue. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan. 
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan : First, is the math right that it is costing you $9 million to close those four DD’s and I am just curious were those stores losing that much money? Maybe just talk about your thought process in spending that much to close four stores. The second question for 2009 from a capEx perspective one of your largest competitors is talking about acquisition opportunities, is that something you would consider as well if there are boxes the size you are looking for? Third, on your SG&A leverage opportunity already you have very lean SG&A. Should we still expect a 2-3% comp needed to get leverage as we look into 2009? 
John Call:  The DD’s closures are not costing us $9 million. We mentioned 15 basis points. That 15 basis points are off of fourth quarter not the year. 
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan : And your capEx guidance for the year and your philosophy with the real estate acquisitions, is that similar to something your largest competitor is starting to talk about. 
John Call:  Relative to capEx for 2009, we will give more specific guidance with our January sales release in February. As it relates to this year we plan to spend about $225 million. There are some capital dollars that will kind of flow between years based on when the costs fall related to expanding our Merino Valley distribution center. Relative to what we see in real estate we are seeing rents starting to soften across the real estate market and as we move forward we will take advantage of those real estate opportunities that fit our strategy. We are starting to see it soften. 
Michael Balmuth:  I will just add on real estate with the number of retailers that are having financial problems or have closed certainly things are changing the real estate market and if any of these come available we will be looking at them and we will see. 
John Call:  Your last piece, related to what kind of comp we need to leveraging and that is probably around 3%. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: John, I’m wondering if you can address the cost side for January. It seems like that has been [inaudible] for the quarter and it seems you are still expecting a decline there. I’m not sure I understand exactly why. Secondarily do you have any debt that will be coming on the balance sheet by either the end of this year or any time through 2009? 
Michael Balmuth:  Relative to comps, as we looked at the fourth quarter and looked at some shifts related to a later Thanksgiving, a couple more extra days in December, and we think we have accounted for the shift. As it relates to January we believe the customer will shop when there is a reason to shop. In January we don’t really see any catalyst for them to shop and that is the reason for our guidance for January. Relative to your debt question, we don’t see any long-term debt coming on the balance sheet in 2009. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Could you just let us know how much shrink benefit should we expect in gross margin in the fourth quarter and then in each of the first two quarter’s of 2009? 
John Call:  We mentioned there were 35 basis points of benefit which is the total annual benefit that got screwed up in the third quarter. So for the fourth quarter and the first two quarter’s of next year the benefit will be between 5-10 basis points as we true up to historical rates. Having said that we think it is prudent to take a fairly conservative view on that accrual given the tough economic times that are out there that may influence that number. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Are you thinking it is possible you could see your shrinkage increase as we go through tougher economic times? 
John Call:  I would say I think that is an influence. We think we have good programs in place to prevent that. We think we have seen some good traction around those programs. I don’t believe, nor should we plan it to go up beyond where it has been historically but I think we need to be vigilant on our programs to make sure we are doing the appropriate thing. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Michelle Clark – Morgan Stanley. 
Michelle Clark – Morgan Stanley: I just wanted to touch on your fourth quarter comp guidance as down 1-3%. If I take the mid point of that which is maybe 2% and I look at your 2-year comp trend you are only assuming about 50 basis point of deceleration sequentially. My first question is why not take a more negative outlook given what is going on in the current macro environment? My second question, obviously you guys had a very strong year in terms of gross margin improvement. I just want to get your thoughts on where you see further gross margin opportunity as we look ahead into fiscal year 2009? 
Michael Balmuth:  Why not take a further negative view? We think we have taken a prudent view based on trends we see, factoring in calendar shifts, factoring in closures and we believe we have taken a conservative enough position for the fourth quarter.  Further opportunity on gross margin really the biggest opportunity from looking, are referring to merchant gross margin or overall? 
Michelle Clark – Morgan Stanley: Total gross margin. 
John Call:  In terms of gross margin obviously the biggest component of that is the merchant gross margin and we will continue to manage our inventories down. We believe that will give us faster turns and provide us some benefit in mark down rates and we do believe there is an opportunity to continue to take those down. Last fourth quarter, 2007 inventories were down 9 as we rolled in and out of that quarter and this year we are anticipating the first couple of months will be down high singles and ending the quarter low teens. So we do believe there is opportunity there. 
Michelle Clark – Morgan Stanley: Just one follow-up question. How much are you expecting to get in comp benefit from store closures of competitors that you mentioned? 
Michael Balmuth:  In the fourth quarter we wouldn’t think of it as positive for the future, after the fourth quarter. For the fourth quarter they will be running liquidation sales. 
Michelle Clark – Morgan Stanley: So you are assuming negative impacts there? 
Michael Balmuth:  Yes. 
Operator:  The next question comes from David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company. 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Just to go back to your inventory comment, I think on the last call you talked about continuing to take inventory per store down next year. Can you just update us on if that is still talking about mid single digit decline and if that is what you would expect or would you be more aggressive in light of the environment? 
Michael Balmuth:  We are still formulating our 2009 plans but I would say that would be the minimum we would be taking inventory down. 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: John, in terms of the DD’s performance can you just give us what your latest estimate is on the drag to operating margin from DD’s this year and would you expect that to improve next year? 
John Call:  The drag this year is probably around 30 basis points. That is where we feel it will probably end up. As it relates to 2009 we still have again to formulate those plans but DD’s gets stronger and we continue to perform hopefully perform better in that business. 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: That 30 basis points, does that include the stores you are closing? 
John Call:  No it does not. But it doesn’t include the charge. If you take out the drag those specific stores had on the leverage component it is really not that material.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: In terms of fuel and trade costs can you just clarify how that impacted you in the third quarter and with fuel prices down how you expect that to impact you in the fourth quarter? 
John Call:  As we were coming into the quarter, the first half of the year, freight had hit us for about 10-15 basis points. In the third quarter we were flat year-over-year from a freight standpoint. In the fourth quarter we look to see some benefit as we have lower fuel prices than we did last year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Sean Noughton – Piper Jaffray. 
Sean Noughton – Piper Jaffray : On micro merchandising initiatives I think you were doing about 15% of the categories for holiday this season. Can you give us an idea of how that is progressing? 
Michael O’Sullivan:  That’s right. We turned on micro merchandising for about 15% of the business just earlier in the season. The way micro merchandising works is it looks back over the past couple of months and then projects forward what the sales should be by store and by comp. So we are really only now at a point in the season where it is starting to do that given that we are now a few months into the season. I would say we are pretty happy with how it is working. From a mechanical point of view we are very happy with how it is working. We are making some adjustments there. Overall it seems to be working pretty smoothly. I would caution you we would really need to get into a full season to see what kind of an impact it will have on the business and even then we want to have expanded it to more than 15% to really identify any meaningful response. 
Sean Noughton – Piper Jaffray : Still thinking about that potentially for next year, there could be some benefit as we start to lap into Q4 of next year if there is something in the micro merchandising initiative that we are looking for on the gross margin line? 
Michael O’Sullivan:  Yes that is possible. Although if you could see I am kind of smiling because with everything going on in the environment right now there are plenty of other headwinds pushing us in the other direction. But yes micro merchandising should help us. 
Sean Noughton – Piper Jaffray : On the Mervyn’s and Bed, Bath and Beyond, is there anything that you are doing specifically in order to capitalize on some of those customers maybe coming to the store, increasing frequency on any tendencies you have with those particular companies? 
Michael Balmuth:  Mervyn’s and Linens-n-Things, specific action certainly in the fourth quarter there is nothing we will be doing while they are running their liquidation sales. We will be examining that for next year. 
Sean Noughton – Piper Jaffray :  Anything on trade down within the store? Are you noticing any differences in some of your higher price point items versus some of your lower price point items? Are you noticing anything in the back end versus the first half? 
John Call:  During the quarter what we did notice is that actually traffic was up, but that was offset by the customer basket actually decreasing as they put fewer goods in that basket. So those two elements offset each other to turn out a flat comp. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Can you talk a little bit about assortments adjustments? Is the focus that you had for a little bit, going to a little bit more trend right assortments, how is that changing in this environment? Also, on DD’s, anything on DD’s we should be watching the performance there whether it is assortment or regional in terms of what you are noticing? Lastly, on shrinkage, as you have had some better shrinkage performance in the past two years can it get better from where it is now? 
Michael Balmuth:  On the trend merchandise that is a portion of our business, our strategies there we have been happy with. Again, it is sometimes a little hard on the region given what is going on in general business these days, but we have been happy with it through the course of the year. Certainly we felt very good about it in the early part of the back-to-school period. So we haven’t made any adjustment from our strategy. We think our strategy is fine. The only thing I would say is adjusting a little as we go forward is the consumer is very value conscious and the level of higher end product has to be monitored by closer by classification in this difficult economic environment. 
Michael O’Sullivan:  On your second question about DD’s, there are obviously a number of internal metrics we are looking at and monitoring very carefully. As Michael said in his comments, the performance in Q3 for DD’s was kind of mixed. There were some good times. The comp stores missed plan but actually started to improve towards the back end of the quarter. Obviously we will be looking at that to see how that progresses. The non-comp stores which in our plan means the stores we opened in 2007 actually did better than planned. Many of those are still below where we would like them to be. So again we are continuing to monitor those stores and make improvements where we can. That is really what we are looking at on DD’s over the next couple of quarters. 
Gary Cribb:  I’ll take the shortage question. We have seen improvement over the last three years in shrinkage. I would say that we believe we can get better. We have a number of initiatives and investments both human and technology investments that we have made and will continue to make in our stores. We have added door agents, floor agents, we have category specific electronic article surveillance, and we continue to expand our data mining capabilities including remote monitoring and have tailored and will continue to tailor local LT programs by store and by market. With all that said we think it is appropriate to take a conservative posture relative to shortage in this certain time with the closures we are experiencing right now. But we believe over time we do have more opportunity with shortage. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker. 
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: I was curious if you are seeing any kind of close outs from the factory level? Do you have people overseas in China where the factories are buying direct? Are you also getting close outs from specialty stores as they cut back inventory as well? 
Michael Balmuth:  What I would say is we see close outs coming from every direction right now. What we have overseas I really wouldn’t feel comfortable commenting about on a call like this. The second part of your question about specialty store products yes there is availability from specialty stores. As you expect, their results are in line with retail. 
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Have you guys changed your marketing at all for the fourth quarter? 
Michael Balmuth:  Our marketing is pretty consistent year-in and year-out, reinforcing our value message. We will still be doing that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Randal Konik – Jefferies & Co.
Randal Konik – Jefferies & Co. : First, on the DD’s closures you talked about timetable and demographics. Can you just give us a little bit of a sense between what difference in demographics of these unsuccessful stores that are closing versus the successful stores? Related to the store closures on DD’s, long-term do you have to rethink about the real estate strategy on the DD’s and the potential number of stores you can ultimately have? I believe it was 500. Finally, where are we on break even number of stores for break even on DD’s? 
Michael O’Sullivan:  First of all, on the DD closures as we mentioned on earlier calls we have done quite a bit of research on the DD’s customer over the past 12 months and based upon that research and based upon our own experience in how stores are performing, we actually think the DD customer is a narrower demographic profile than we first thought when we first sent out on this. By narrower I mean specifically more ethnic. The DD’s customer initially was characterized as being low income. I think we now believe that low income isn’t enough. It needs to be low income and more ethnic. So if I compare the stores that we are closing with the stores that have done very well at DD’s that is where you see the key differences we are seeing.  Obviously that insight if you like feed into what our real estate strategy will be for DD’s going forward. We are obviously going to look for locations that are going to have those demographic profiles. Having said that, we want to validate that customer. We would expect in the next couple of years to see us be pretty cautious. We are not going to ramp up that business based on that profile at this point. We are going to gradually expand the business and re-test and validate the profile.  I think your final question was break even at DD’s. That hasn’t changed. We still think that somewhere between 80-100 stores we should be able to break even from a general point of view. 
Randal Konik – Jefferies & Co. : You changed that 500 store opportunity at this point or now? 
Michael O’Sullivan:  Not materially. It certainly changes where we would chose to put the stores but in terms of potential as we run through the model we don’t at this point think that is going to change materially. 
Randal Konik – Jefferies & Co. : If we think about the different demographics, you mentioned a lower income, ethnic demographic versus a middle income demographic as it relates to your Ross stores, can you give us a bit of flavor how those different demographics are performing within your Ross store chains? If you have some Ross stores that are currently located in some lower income demographics or maybe ethnic demographics, can you kind of give us a flavor of how those types of Ross stores are doing today versus Ross stores that are located in more mid to higher income demographics at this point in time? 
Michael O’Sullivan:  I think that we don’t have Ross stores that are in the same demographics as DD’s. The DD’s stores are in lower income areas typically than Ross stores. So there isn’t a group of Ross stores that I could say have those demographics and how they are performing. I’m not sure if that is answering your question. 
Randal Konik – Jefferies & Co. : If you think across the United States if you have something in California if you take the California state there has to be some Ross stores located in higher income demographics and some Ross stores located in lower income demographics within the state of California. How are we seeing those performance of those Ross stores differ? 
Michael O’Sullivan:  It is pretty mixed. What we see in terms of Ross performance is more of a regional split rather than a demographic split. As we talked about on previous calls, what we see is in regional performance differences which is obviously a big area of focus for us in terms of bringing up some of the regions that we have entered more recently like the southeast. Within regions there is a mix. There are higher income areas that are doing just great and there are Ross stores in higher income areas that aren’t doing as well as we would like. It is a subtle mix that isn’t as segmented as that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners. 
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: Have you seen any change in the payment at stores? Has it shifted away from credit a little and more towards cash? I’m just wondering what the dynamic is there? 
John Call:  We have seen a slight shift away from credit into cash. Probably around a point. That is just a little bit of a shift. 
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: For next year I know you haven’t given guidance for next year other than to say you are still planning on buying back about $3 million worth of stock and using internally generated cash to fund that. How about store growth next year? Are you still planning to continue your basic underlying store growth for next year? 
Michael Balmuth:  Some time ago I think we had to slow store growth a bit, about 8% unit growth to more like the 4-5 and that is still our plan. We haven’t changed our perspective. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs. 
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: We notice that pack-away ticked up slightly to 33% versus 30%. I was wondering given the opportunistic buys you are seeing in the market is there room for that percentage to go higher? What do you think about the appropriate level of pack away? 
Michael Balmuth:  We think about it and look at it by every category of business in the store but we look at it in terms of the quality of the pack-away that is being offered to us. If the pack-away bargains are great then it will run higher. Yes, we have ceilings we don’t want to go above in every segment of the business so we will see. 
Operator:  The next question comes from William Keller - FTN Midwest Research. 
William Keller - FTN Midwest Research: Coming back to the cost shift that impacted SG&A, was that a change in when the costs were actually recognized or when they were incurred? 
John Call:  They are incurred and recognized in the third quarter. 
William Keller - FTN Midwest Research: Previously they would have been incurred in the third quarter but recognized in the fourth? 
John Call:  No, they would have been incurred in the fourth and recognized in the fourth. What we did was align payroll more appropriately at a receipt level in the stores as opposed to a sales volume level. Those functional activities actually take place in the third quarter with an adjustment in inventory and a shift in payroll to account for that. 
Operator:  At this time there are no other questions in the queue. 
Michael Balmuth:  If there are no further questions thanks for sharing the hour. 
Operator:  This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael A. Balmuth - Vice Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer John G. Call - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Corporate Secretary Michael O'Sullivan - Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer Norman A. Ferber - Chairman of the Board Gary L. Cribb - Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer
Analysts: Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan  Sean Noughton - Analyst Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners William Keller - FTN Midwest Research Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates Seth Black - Analyst 
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Ross Stores second quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. The call will begin with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Balmuth. 
Michael A. Balmuth: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Also on our call are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer; Michael O'Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer; John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and from Investor Relations, Katie Loughnot and Bobbi Chaville. I’ll will begin with a brief review of our second quarter and first half performance, followed by our outlook for the balance of the year. John Call, our CFO, will provide more details on our second quarter results and guidance for the back half of the year. Afterwards, we’ll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.  Before we begin, I want to note that our comments on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on management’s current forecasts of aspects of the company’s future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results or current expectations. These risk factors are detailed in today’s press release and our fiscal 2007 Form 10-K and fiscal 2008 Form 10-Q and 8-Ks on file with the SEC.  We are pleased to report strong sales and earnings growth for both the second quarter and year-to-date periods. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended August 2, 2008 grew 46% to $0.54 from $0.37 per share for the 13 weeks ended August 4, 2007. Net earnings for the second quarter of 2008 rose 40% to a record $71.3 million, compared to $50.9 million in the second half of 2007.  Sales in the second quarter grew 14% to $1.64 billion, with comparable store sales up 6% from the prior year period.  For the six months ended August 2, 2008, earnings per share grew 33% to $1.13, up from $0.85 in the first half of 2007. Net earnings for the first six months of 2008 grew 28% to a record $150.8 million, compared to $117.9 million for the same year-to-date period in 2007.  Sales for the first six months of 2008 increased 12% to $3.197 billion, with comparable store sales up 5%.  We believe that our solid financial results were driven mainly by our ability to offer compelling bargains on fresh and exciting name brand fashions for the family and the home. The tax rebate checks and favorable weather also benefited sales during the quarter.  Dresses, accessories, and shoes were the strongest merchandise categories, all posting double-digit increases in comparable store sales during the quarter.  The best-performing markets were Texas and the mid-Atlantic, with same-store sales percentage gains in the low double-digits to mid-teens.  California comparable store sales grew 4% in the quarter.  We are pleased that we were able to leverage these solid sales gains into strong earnings growth. Operating margin in the second quarter increased by about 130 basis points to 7.1%, as a 180 basis point gain in gross margin was partially offset by a 50 basis point increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses. John Call will provide additional details on these margin trends in a few minutes.  As we ended the second quarter, total consolidated inventories were down about 5%, with in-store inventories down on average about 14%. Pack-away levels on an average per-store basis were down about 7% from the prior year.  As expected, we opened 26 new stores in the second quarter, 25 Ross Dress For Less and one dd’s DISCOUNTS. Year-to-date, we have added 51 Ross and three dd's and we ended the quarter with a total of 943 locations.  Our second quarter sales trends at dd’s DISCOUNTS were in line with our forecast but continued to have mixed results. Comparable stores posted positive gains that were slightly lower than expected while the newer stores performed somewhat better than planned. We continue to closely monitor dd's performance as we examine the target customer of this young chain and where and how to best position its growth.  Now let’s talk about our financial condition. We are pleased to report that both our balance sheet and cash flows remain healthy. We ended the period with $312 million of cash and short-term investments. Our cash position is benefiting from higher earnings and reduced working capital needs as we operate the business on lower inventories.  During the second quarter, we repurchased 2 million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $75 million. Year-to-date, we have bought back a total of 4.6 million shares for an aggregate price of $153 million. We remain on track to complete half of our current two-year, $600 million buy-back program, or about $300 million this year. In addition, we expect to complete this full two-year buy-back without taking on any incremental long-term debt.  Now, John Call will provide some additional details on our second quarter results and guidance for the back half of the year. 
John G. Call: Thank you, Michael. As Michael discussed, second quarter operating margin improved by about 130 basis points, driven by a 180 basis point increase in gross margin that was partially offset by a 50 basis point increase in selling, general, and administrative costs.  The improvement in gross margin during the second quarter was driven mainly by higher merchandise margin, which increased about 185 basis points. Our merchandise margin comparison was affected by timing issues related to markdowns taken in the first quarter of 2007 that sold during last year’s second quarter.  Because we are on the cost method of accounting, markdowns do not reduce gross margin until they sell. Therefore, almost the entire improvement in markdown performance in the first half of 2008 is reflected in our second quarter results. This comparison is normalized when we look at our merchandise margin for the first half, which improved by almost 100 basis points. This primarily reflects our tight inventory control that is driving faster turns and lower markdowns.  Gross margin in the quarter also benefited from lower distribution costs as a percent of sales. Partially offsetting these favorable trends were higher incentive plan accruals and an increase in freight expense versus the prior year.  As expected, we saw higher selling, general, and administrative costs as a percent of sales versus last year. A portion of this increase was driven by the prior year comparison, which benefited about 25 basis points from insurance proceeds and lower legal settlement costs.  Our incentive plan accrual in the second quarter was also higher due to the strong ahead-of-plan earnings in the period. Finally, versus the prior year, both our second quarter and first half results benefited from a favorable interest comparison, a slightly lower tax rate, and reduction in diluted shares outstanding from our buy-back.  Let’s now turn to our third quarter guidance for the 13 weeks ending November 1, 2008. As noted in today’s press release, we believe it is prudent to remain defensively positioned as we enter the second half of the year, based on the uncertain macro environment and the uncertain retail environment, which no longer have the benefit of a tax rebate check. As a result, we are maintaining our original target of comparable store sales gains of 2% to 3% for both the third and the fourth quarter.  Based on these second half sales assumptions, earnings per share are projected to increase 17% to 22% to a range of $0.42 to $0.44 for the 13 weeks ending November 1, 2008, up from $0.36 in the prior year.  For the 13 weeks ending January 31, 2009, earnings per share are forecast to increase 11% to 60% to a range of $0.78 to $0.81, up from $0.70 in the prior year. Our growth rate for the fourth quarter takes into consideration the risk of a highly promotional holiday period. In addition, we start to anniversary the improvement that began in the fourth quarter of 2007 when our tight inventory controls started to drive faster churn and better gross margins. The assumptions that support our third quarter earnings per share projections are as follows: total sales are expected to grow about 8% to 9%, driven by a combination of new store growth and, as mentioned, a 2% to 3% increase in same-store sales for the quarter. Same-store sales for each month of the quarter are also planned up 2% to 3%.  We are forecasting about 23 net new stores to open during the period, including 21 Ross Dress For Less locations and two dd’s DISCOUNTS.  Operating margin is expected to increase about 30 to 50 basis points for a forecasted range of 5.7% to 5.9%, compared to 5.4% last year. This projected operating margin increase assumes strong gross margin gains, driven mainly by higher merchandise margins and lower distribution costs. These improvements are projected to be partially offset by an increase in selling, general, and administrative costs as a percent of sales. Expenses in the third quarter are expected to be pressured by our prior year comparison and other quarterly timing issues. In the third quarter of 2007, SG&A benefited by about 25 basis points due to income from a construction related settlement at one of our distribution facilities.  We are forecasting no interest income or expense for the third quarter compared to the first half, which realized a benefit from higher interest income versus the prior year. While we still expect our tax rate for the fiscal year to be relatively flat in 2007 at approximately 39%, we now have more variability in our quarterly tax rate since adopting FIN-48. Our first two quarters benefited from a slightly lower tax rate versus the prior year, while the third quarter rate is expected to increase to about 39%, up from 38% last year.  Diluted shares are now targeted to be about $131.5 million in the third quarter and $132 million for fiscal 2008.  Now I will turn the call back to Michael for some closing comments. 
Michael A. Balmuth: Thank you, John. As we enter the fall season, we remain very pleased with the resilience of our off-price business model in today’s tough retail climate. We believe that our ability to deliver compelling name-brand bargains throughout our stores was the main driver of our solid performance in the first half of the year.  Our year-to-date performance and longer term history both show that we can manage successfully in many types of business climates with less volatility in our financial results than a comparable full price retailer.  During these times, we benefit from the increased supply of great brands at significant discounts like we continue to see today. This makes our stores attractive destinations for customers seeking great values for their family and their home, as shown by our solid year-to-date sales performance.  In addition, our strong inventory management has enabled us to buy even closer to need today and operate our stores with leaner inventory levels. This in turn has increased our open to buy capacity, giving us even more flexibility to take advantage of the great close-outs available in the market. As a result, we have realized faster turns and lower markdowns with a more rapid flow of fresh and exciting bargains to our stores.  Based on our first six months results, and second half guidance, fiscal 2008 earnings per share are now projected to increase 23% to 25% to $2.33 to $2.38, up from $1.90 in fiscal 2007.  In closing, we remain confident that the solid execution of our merchandising strategies, always the key ingredient for success in this business, along with continued tight inventory and expense controls will enable us to maximize our prospects for sales and earnings growth over the balance of 2008 and beyond.  At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Adrianne Shapira.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Very impressive on the inventory control. We were just wondering if you could shed some light in terms of the level of markdowns in that inventory, because to your point about the cost method of accounting, how we should think about gross margins going forward. 
John G. Call: As I mentioned, for the first half gross margin was up by about 100 basis points. Going forward, if we continue our focus, which we plan to do, on keeping our inventories tight, the experience around gross margins should continue to some extent. I would say not to the extent that we experience in the first half because in the fourth quarter of last year, we begin to anniversary some of that tighter inventory performance. 
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Right, but can you give us a sense of the percentage of markdowns within the inventory today, the currency of the inventory?
John G. Call: Sure. Clearance levels are down kind of low-double-digits right now, low teens. 
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Great, that’s helpful. And then just on the regional, you called out California, up 4%. Can you just give us a sense of how that’s been trending and then perhaps also talk about the regional performance in perhaps some of the other markets, like Florida, Nevada, sort of home inflicted markets?
Michael A. Balmuth: Sure. So as we said in the announcement that California for the quarter was up 4. Our strongest markets outside of California were Texas, which was up 14; we experienced up 12% in the mid-Atlantic and then had various regions there were high-single-digits.  And the second question was Florida -- so Florida for the quarter was up 4%. 
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tunick.
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: I guess a couple of questions -- first is pretty impressive to hear these mid-Atlantic stores are the second best performing region. Maybe just talk about what’s happening there. Obviously that’s been a region that struggled for you guys. And we haven’t seen any micro-merchandising roll out yet, is that correct? And then second question is on the 2% to 3% comp guidance for the back half -- can you guys get operating leverage on the SG&A side on that number?
Michael O'Sullivan: I’ll take the first question on the mid-Atlantic. The comp in the mid-Atlantic, the comp growth is running well above average, both in the first quarter and the second quarter. We are obviously happy with that and we’ve made some changes to the assortment, more [inaudible] goods, which we think have helped. But you know, I think we need to see a more sustained improvement over multiple quarters before we sort of declare victory. I think we are happy at this point but we need a few more quarters before we see it or take away a strong trend from it.  The second part of your question was about are we using any micro-merchandising tools in that market at this point and the answer is no, not yet. 
John G. Call: Brian, on the other part of your question related to SG&A leverage in the back half, our expectation will be third quarter would look somewhat similar to this quarter, relative to expense levels. I would say for the year, we should be kind of flattish in store operating costs and depending on how the year tracks, we could have a little bit of deleverage from increase in incentive comps. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean [Noughton].
Sean Noughton - Analyst: Just a couple of quick questions; one is as we start to see some of these retailers get into some trouble here in California and then essentially the Florida markets, have you guys seen any impact to your business year-to-date on some of those businesses that are potentially having inventory liquidation sales, et cetera?
Michael A. Balmuth: We haven’t seen any impact that we could quantify. Historically what would happen on something like this, as they go through their liquidation events, we might see some slight negative and then as the store closes, we see a pick-up in business. But nothing material to date. 
Sean Noughton - Analyst: Okay. And then secondly, you mentioned before that operating margins could return to 8% to 8.5% potentially some day, you know, three to five years down the road. What is potentially holding that back from any sort of acceleration in increasing the operating margin gains?
Michael A. Balmuth: We have said that we believe over a period of time we can get back to kind of the mid-8 levels. Clearly we are well on track this year with operating margins up 130 basis points in the second quarter, and as you look to the year, operating margins probably up in the 60 basis points range. We’re tracking to those levels. We think the key drivers to returning those levels of EBIT margin would be store productivity, which would be probably the easiest driver to get there, and obviously looking to manage our expense line. 
Sean Noughton - Analyst: Okay, and then final question -- is there any change in the mix of brand that you are seeing that’s available? Is there any change from a better assortment of brand that you are seeing out there in the marketplace today?
Michael A. Balmuth: A slight -- there’s been -- it’s been a very good buyer’s market and a slight change in the availability of brands but it’s really more quality goods available from the normal [resource] structure. 
Sean Noughton - Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Thank you and congratulations on a great quarter. I was wondering, John, if you could specifically comment on the increase in incentive plan compensation this quarter. Can you just give us the basis points associated with that? And did you have an opportunity to -- I don’t know if I want to use the word over-accrue but maybe get a little bit more aggressive on your accrual here in the second quarter because you had some room to do so? And then secondarily on the merchandise margin, do you look at that -- at the new level of merchandise margin you achieved here in the second quarter as a sustainable level or is there a risk of some give-back next year in the second quarter? Thanks. 
John G. Call: Kimberly, your first question related to our incentive plan costs relative to the deleverage in G&A -- it was about half of that number and we accrue incentive plan costs based on what our expected earnings will be and clearly if you look at the year we had a higher proportion of those earnings in the second quarter based on this performance.  Commenting on the sustainability of gross margin, as we mentioned in the prepared comments, there were some timing issues around markdowns in ’07 and we were up against those markdowns specifically in the second quarter of ’07 for markdowns that were actually taken in the first quarter and sold through during the second quarter. We think if we continue to manage our inventories tightly, we think that certainly gross margin can be sustained. Having said that, we’ll be up against those levels in the fourth quarter and into next year, but we are pleased with where we are to date. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: So John, are you saying that your fourth quarter ’07, first quarter and second quarter ’08 gross margin levels you would consider to be a normalized level, and whether or not we are flat, up or down against those numbers going forward will I guess depend on your ability to just continue to execute your strategy. But you don’t see any reason why you couldn’t achieve those numbers?
John G. Call: I think obviously turn relates to the top line and if we can keep the top line [relevant], we can turn the inventories, which will result in lower markdown levels. Again with that, keeping our eye on inventories and making sure we are tight on our inventory balance as well. 
Michael A. Balmuth: And I would add that we are planning to run our inventories down even against last year’s levels in the high single digits in the back half of the year. So we think we have put ourselves in a position to sustain the gross margin improvements we’ve had in markdowns. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Thanks, Michael and I just had a quick follow-up for Mike O’Sullivan on the micro-merchandising effort. I think that you were saying that some of the first categories that you are testing on the micro-merchandising are starting to hit stores here in August. Are you still on track for that or is that being pushed out? And how is the early phase of that going if you are starting to deliver?
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. You’re right -- the first pilot rollout of micro-merchandising is schedule for the fall, which obviously began August 1st in our calendar, so yes, it started. It’s early days to give you any sort of conclusions on it. The only thing I would say is what we said on previous calls, is that this pilot phase is really a chance for us to sort of learn how to use the tools to make some adjustments, so that when we roll out to other parts of the business in ’09 and ’10, those tools can be more effective. And just as a reminder, this pilot really covers about 15% of the business in terms of product categories. So that’s how we are thinking about it at this point. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Great. Thanks and good luck here in the second half. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Just looking at the spread between California comps and the rest of the chain, it seems to be getting a little bit wider. Just wondering what the plan is for the second half of the year in terms of California versus the overall chain. And then, if you could maybe just give us an update on what you are seeing in terms of women’s apparel and home product. Thanks. 
John G. Call: Paul, relative to the comp guidance in the back half, we really don’t split out kind of state by state levels. I will say we are pleased with California based on what we read is going on elsewhere in California. We are actually pretty pleased with our performance for the first half. 
Michael A. Balmuth: And relative to home product and women’s product, with what’s going on with a lot of home retailers across the country, there’s more product available in home than has been normal in any type of business environment. And apparel still continues to be as we would normally expect in this kind of environment, to be a solid buying environment also. Home is a bit of a surprise. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Black.
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: I have a question on dd's -- to what extent is dd's still a drag on the overall margin? Are we to take it, Michael, that you think that business has kind of stabilized, given the new store improvements? And when do you think we see a real improvement in dd's? Is that something we might see in ’09 or is it too early to say? Thanks. 
Michael O'Sullivan: I’ll answer that question. It’s worth remembering that we doubled the size of the chain in ’07, so we -- as we said before, we are using ’08 to kind of absorb that growth to make some adjustments to the business, to monitor performance and we’ve done some additional research to understand the customer a bit better.  The business has hit plan this year but the performance within that has been a little bit mixed, as Michael described in his remarks. So we really want to use the rest of the year to continue to look at the performance of the business and to match that up against what we’ve seen from the customer recently, and based upon that, I think we will think about how to best position this business for growth, where and how to position the business for growth. 
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: Have we publicly discussed how much though this is dragging, if any, on the overall operating margin?
John G. Call: Yeah, we’ve said that dd's is this year a drag to operating margins, about 30 to 35 basis points. 
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: And we are saying that you are hitting that this year and the business is performing within that range?
John G. Call: Yeah, that’s correct. 
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Can you talk a little bit about -- if you think about inventory and what’s available out there, close-out goods versus off-price goods, is there more of a mix shift going on either between close-out and off-price? And is that also a contributor to the margins? And then also, if you think about your sales growth, how much of the sales growth is from existing customers, how much from new customers, and is your marketing taking advantage of any of that? Thank you. 
Michael A. Balmuth: I’m a little confused with close-out versus off-price but I’m assuming you meant close-outs versus regular price?
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Exactly, yes. 
Michael A. Balmuth: All right. So certainly in this kind of environment, having more close-outs available of a quality nature is an advantage, so some of our margin improvement is from close-outs. Our intent is to buy as many close-outs as we can and the idea of running tighter inventories gives us the ability long-term, not just on a short-term basis, to be more actively pursuing close-outs in the market in a more aggressive way than perhaps we were -- not perhaps, for sure we were before. So I think we are positioned going forward to take advantage of close-outs better than we were.  I don’t know that we can quantify the -- Michael, maybe you want to -- 
Michael O'Sullivan: It’s a good question about is our ahead-of-sales business coming from new customers or existing customers. Like Michael was about to say, I don’t think we really know. What I can tell you is we do do research on our customer pretty regularly and the one thing we know for certain is that our customers shop a lot of stores. They have plenty of choices. There’s a lot of cross-shopping, particularly within the apparel business. And what really drives our sales and our success is if we are able to differentiate ourselves versus all those other retailers where they could buy goods, and if we are able to put better goods in front of them, better bargains in front of them. That’s what really drives it.  Now, whether that’s driving it with customers who used to buy far less or never used to come to Ross at all versus customers who always used to come to Ross and are just coming more often, I don’t think we can really -- we can’t really get a handle on that. 
Michael A. Balmuth: And relative to marketing, we really haven’t done anything different than our normal game plan in marketing and that’s how -- we don’t think that’s really changed the tone of our business right now. We think we are satisfying our customers a little better. 
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick McKeever.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: Thank you. I’m just wondering if you might make some general comments about back to school and what you are expecting. I know you said that August is planned up 2% to 3% in line with the quarter overall but just wondering if you might add some color around back to school. TJX said that they thought the business would come later this year. I’m wondering if you share that opinion.  And then on the quarterly -- on the monthly comps in the third quarter, you are saying 2% to 3% each month of the quarter, and there I’m just wondering why we shouldn’t expect some acceleration in comps in, particularly in October, given the easy negative 1% comparison. Thanks. 
Michael A. Balmuth: I’ll take the first part on back to school. On a general comment, whether it’s going to be later or not, we plan the months fairly similarly, so we think it’s going to be not that way. It hasn’t been the best frankly -- the first half of the year hasn’t been the best junior season around the country and so we think back to school will be okay. We have some concerns because there’s less disposable dollars in kids’ pockets today but we think it will be reasonable.  But for us, we haven’t delineated a timeframe different than a year ago for the trend of the business. 
John G. Call: And if we look at the layout of our comps for the quarter, you have to remember we had a sales tax issue in the state of Florida, so if you normalize for that, the quarters are all fairly -- the months are all fairly even throughout the period on a comparative basis. 
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: John, you mean just Florida not doing the tax-free holiday this year?
John G. Call: Yeah, that’s correct. Actually, it was last year, not this year. 
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: Okay, and then a question on categories, merchandise categories -- what are some of the weaker merchandise categories right now and has there been any change I guess in trend over the past few months?
Michael A. Balmuth: Really, there hasn’t been any major change. The weakest business in the company at this point is the junior business and it’s been that way for a while. We have a very developed junior business and -- but we’ve been able to get through it by offsetting it in other businesses. 
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: Okay. Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Keller.
William Keller - FTN Midwest Research: Thinking about inventory and the way it’s come down over the last few quarters, especially in this environment where it sounds like availability is quite good, how should we be thinking about go-forward when perhaps the buying environment is not quite as robust as it is now?
Michael A. Balmuth: Thinking about it -- tell me where you’d like me to go on this. 
William Keller - FTN Midwest Research: I guess can the inventory declines continue? Can you continue to run at this level or at some point are things going to have to snap back a bit when availability perhaps is a little less robust?
Michael A. Balmuth: I can tell you this -- it’s not going to snap back. We’ve learned to run our business on less inventory and we are not going to forget that lesson. 
William Keller - FTN Midwest Research: Okay. Very good. Last thing, on working capital, which came down significantly in this quarter, is there something -- and you break out current assets in the release but not so much current liabilities. Is there anything one-time nature, is that sustainable change as well?
John G. Call: The biggest driver of the working capital increase is actually inventory management and with inventory management, we have more -- and a faster turn, we have more accounts payable leverage. So last year in the quarter, AP leverage was like 56%. This year it’s 67%. We believe that level in the 60s is sustainable. 
William Keller - FTN Midwest Research: Excellent. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Jaffe.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: I guess a question -- you know, you guys have been doing this for a while, the environment seems very difficult, you are managing through it very effectively with leaner inventories and taking advantage of some of the opportunities in the marketplace but I’m wondering how you see both the fall season and spring ’09 unfolding as you compare it to your experience in other downturns, say 2001 or even the late, the early 90s, late 80s?
Michael A. Balmuth: How we see it in terms of what, Richard?
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: How long this challenging environment will remain, how long -- 
Michael A. Balmuth: Okay. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: -- buying opportunities will continue, how you see the environment unfolding from a positive and a negative standpoint. 
Michael A. Balmuth: Obviously not being economists, it’s difficult for us to predict but what’s going on at external retail is -- other retail, despite the economy, is going to have an impact on that and certainly with the recent chapter 11, you know, not knowing how many doors are going to fully get closed out of these things and what other chapter 11s could be forthcoming, the environment might be better than most of us think for the retailers who are surviving. So it’s hard for me to really answer the question beyond that. I mean, certainly we don’t see -- who knows if post the election, things are going to get better in the economy? I don’t think anyone is really forecasting that, so we continue to watch other retailers and run conservative inventories and try and take advantage of opportunities to do the best job that we can in this type of environment. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: A follow-on with that -- in the past, department stores have been, when under pressure, been very promotional and have put pressure on your stores. They became price competitive with Ross. Do you see that as a possibility for the fourth quarter or do you see the consolidation of department stores offsetting that somewhat?
Michael A. Balmuth: I don’t know if it ever offsets it but certainly we’ve positioned ourselves conservatively for the fourth quarter because we have some concerns based on history, as you are bringing up. But we’ll see. If they’ve managed their inventory effectively, it will be less promotional. It won’t be as bad as you are possibly alluding to. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: We’ll see then. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Mann.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: On the earlier question on dd's, how much of the improvement of that operating drag is really necessary for you to get back to the mid 8% kind of operating margin?
Michael A. Balmuth: David, give me that one again? So -- 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: You have an operating drag at dd's. Is that an obstacle to you getting back to the mid-8s in operating margin?
Michael A. Balmuth: So as we look at these, obviously we’d expect some performance. The question is, is it an obstacle? I would say as we continue to improve that area of our company, it will certainly help. I would not say it is necessarily an obstacle to get back to that level of mid-8s. I mean, as we said, right now we are down 30, 35 basis points. We continue to improve that business. Obviously that should lessen. I think the biggest driver of getting back to the mid-8s is how we operate [inaudible]. 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Okay. On the SG&A, I think you said that the bonus was about half of the year-over-year increase. If I remember correctly, your original plan for the quarter was about a 10 basis point increase. Can you just clarify what other SG&A offsets there might have been? And on the corporate line, did you lever your corporate overhead?
John G. Call: So going through the G&A line again, about half of the deleverage came from, I’ll call it a one-time occurrence in the quarter last year where we had recovery from some insurance proceeds and settled a legal matter [inaudible]. The other piece comes from, as you mentioned, the incentive plan costs. We were able to lever back office costs during the quarter. Having said that, store operating costs are relatively flat based on the reallocation of payroll from the fourth quarter into the second quarter, based on some things we are doing to match our payroll dollars to the functional activities that takes place in the store, as opposed to merely allocating those dollars based on sales. 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Okay, great and then one last housekeeping -- I think in past quarters you have talked about specifically how shrink changed in the quarter. Can you give us that as well as how much freight negatively hurt you?
John G. Call: The freight drag in the quarter was between 10 and 20 basis points and shrink, pretty minimal. 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Very good. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: One quick SG&A question -- you talked about some pressure in the third quarter. I was curious if that would carry into the fourth quarter as well. And then Michael, if you could just talk about the marketplace -- are you able to test and try and play with a little bit some different categories, opportunities, price points, brands that maybe weren’t available to Ross Stores or maybe you didn’t think the Ross Stores customer would be interested in, given the environment and all the availability out there. 
John G. Call: I’ll take the first part. I did mention that in the third quarter, that we would expect some pressure from SG&A. In the fourth quarter, that reverses and we get a bit of leverage in the fourth quarter. 
Michael A. Balmuth: In this environment -- and I’m not even sure it’s just based on the environment. It’s based on our more appetite to be testing price points and values really that represent higher price points. We are doing a little more of that across the store in various categories in this time and we are somewhat encouraged because it really just really reminds all of us that we are in a value business, not a price point business and it helps us position our assortments better going forward.  So yes, I answer to your question, we are doing some of that. 
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Great. Good luck with back to school, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Montagna.
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Just a question regarding inventory -- it sounds like in the fourth quarter, you are expecting the declines to moderate a bit. When you get to the comparisons versus right now you are having the double-digit declines. Can we expect you to still be able to reduce inventory by mid-single-digits, once you start anniversarying these tougher declines?
Michael A. Balmuth: Yes. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Could it be high-single-digits?
Michael A. Balmuth: It could be. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. I’m assuming it probably can’t be double-digits then?
Michael A. Balmuth: We’re not anticipating it. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. Then, just a housekeeping question regarding CapEx -- can you tell us what your expected CapEx and D&A is for this year?
John G. Call: We’re expecting CapEx, Mark, at probably around $240 million this year. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. How about D&A?
John G. Call: In terms of absolute dollars?
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Yes. 
John G. Call: Just a second -- we would expect D&A of around probably between $150 million and $160 million. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay, thanks. That’s all I had. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: I just had a couple of quick follow-ups; John, could you take a look at the 6% comp in the quarter and give us the breakout between the transaction count increase and the increase in the average dollar value of the transaction? And then secondarily, could you just give us a little bit more color on the gross margin line, the basis points associated with occupancy leverage, the improvement at distribution centers, and the offset in the higher incentive comp accrual in that gross margin bucket, that would be great. 
John G. Call: Sure. So for the quarter, the 6% comp was driven principally by volume. Our average transaction was relatively [flat]. In terms of breakout, on the -- in the gross margin line, gross margin merchandise margin was up 185 basis points I think, as we said in the prepared comments. And from the other elements, we said freight was pressuring gross margin by between 10 and 20 basis points. Distribution costs were actually better by around 50, 60 basis points. About half of that was really related to some timing issues around capitalization and distribution costs into our pack away inventory. And then incentive plan comps and buying comps put pressure on by about 50 basis points.  So we get a 180 basis point improvement during the quarter. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: And did you mention occupancy in there, John?
John G. Call: Occupancy was relatively flat. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Great. Thanks. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your next question comes from the line of Seth Black.
Seth Black - Analyst : Thanks. I just have a quick follow-up on the pack-away side -- Michael, how do we feel just qualitatively about the content of what you have in pack-away now, and how might that benefit things going forward on the gross margin side, if in fact we think we are getting better merchandise in pack-away than we’ve had in prior years. Just any color around that would be helpful. Thanks. 
Michael A. Balmuth: Well, I would say we feel pretty good about what we have there but I would say normally we do, so that’s why we put it there. But the reality of it is, if in fact we have bought it smart and bought it and we -- you know, our instincts when we bought it turn out to be correct when it hits the selling floor, I would say it probably would have more of an effect on top line than margin, the way I look at it. Because we are packing -- we are not necessarily packing away at the same price lines, moderate versus better a year ago. So it will be a top line issue, I think, is the way I would look at it. Hopefully we’ve packed away wisely.   
Seth Black - Analyst : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. 
Michael A. Balmuth: Thank you all and have a very good day. 
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: NormanA. Ferber – Chairman of theBoard MichaelBalmuth – Vice Chairman,President, Chief Executive Officer GaryL. Cribb – Executive Vice President, Chief Operations Officer MichaelB. O’Sullivan – Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer JohnG. Call – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Secretary KatieLoughnot – Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: MarkMontagna – C. L. King & Associates KimberlyGreenberger – Citigroup PaulLejuez – Credit Suisse DavidMann – Johnson Rice & Company BrianTunick – J. P. Morgan JeffBlack – Lehman Brothers PatrickMcKeever – MKM Partners JeffreyKlinefelter – Piper Jaffray RichardJaffe – Stifel Nicolaus and Company DanaTelsey – Telsey Advisory Group RodneyShapiro – Retail Tracker 
Operator: Good morning.Welcome to the Ross Stores first quarter 2008 earnings release conference call.The call will begin with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman,President, and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a question and answersession.  (OperatorInstructions). As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this call is being recordedtoday, Wednesday, May 21st. At this time I would like to turn thecall over to Michael Balmuth.
Michael Balmuth: Good morning.Thank you for joining us today. Also on our call are Norman Ferber, Chairman of theBoard; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer;Michael O’Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer;John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and KatieLoughnot, Vice President of Investor Relations. We’ll beginwith a brief review of our first quarter performance followed by our outlookfor the balance of the year. Afterwards we’ll be happy to respond to anyquestions you may have.  Before webegin I want to note that our comments on this call will containforward-looking statements regarding expectations about our future growth andfinancial results and other matters that are based on management’s currentforecast of aspects of the company’s future business. These forward-lookingstatements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actualresults to differ materially from historical results or current expectations.These risk factors are detailed in today’s press release and our fiscal 2007Form 10K and 2008 Form 8Ks on file with the SEC. Today wereported that earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended May 3rd,2008, grew 25% to $0.60 from $0.48 per share for the 13 weeks ended May 5th,2007. As noted in today’s press release, our first quarter 2008 results includea real estate settlement that added income equivalent to about $0.02 per shareduring the period. Net earningsfor the quarter were $79.5 million compared to $67 million for the prior yearperiod.  Sales for the13 weeks ended May 3rd, 2008, increased 10% to $1.556 billion with comparablestores sales up a solid 3% over the prior year and ahead of our originalforecast. Our ongoingfocus on expanding and strengthening the brand content of our assortmentsthroughout the store while improving the fashion content in our core apparelbusinesses contributed to the healthy sales gains in the quarter. Dresses andshoes remained the top performing merchandise categories with strongdouble-digit same-store sales gains. We also are seeing positive results inhome and accessories where comparable store sales rose in the mid to highsingle digits. We believe that our other core apparel businesses in ladies andmens are moving in the right direction with gradual improvement expected as theyear progresses.  Themid-Atlantic and Texas were the strongest geographic regions with comparablestore sales up in the high single digits. California same store sales rose a respectable2% during the quarter.  We arepleased that we were able to leverage our solid sales gains into healthy profitgrowth in the quarter. Strong execution of our merchandising strategiescombined with strict inventory and expense management were the main drivers ofour ahead-of-planned earnings for the period.  As a result,we were able to realize larger than planned increases in operating margin,which grew about 45 basis points to 8.2%. Profit margins benefited mainly frombetter than expected improvement in merchandise margins, lower distributioncosts as a percent of sales, leverage on corporate expenses, and income from areal estate settlement related to a store closure.  As we enteredthe first quarter total consolidated inventories were down about 7%, which wasslightly lower than planned. We continueto operate our business with leaner inventory levels compared to prior years,promoting faster in-store turns and lower markdowns. This contributed toconsiderably lower clearance levels, clearance inventory at the end of Aprilversus last year, which bodes well for merchandise margin in the secondquarter.  Averageselling store inventories were down about 13% as we ended the quarter. Passaway was about 36% of total inventories, which was flat compared to last year’sfirst quarter. As expected,we opened 28 new stores in the first quarter; 26 Ross Dress for Less and 2 dd’sDISCOUNTS. First quarteroverall sales trends at dd’s DISCOUNTS were in line with forecasts, but theperformance was mixed. While our comparable dd’s stores posted increases overthe prior year they were somewhat less than planned. This was offset, however,by the new dd’s stores that we opened in 2007 which performed slightly betterthan projected.  We continueto conduct research to better understand the dd’s customer and the demographicdifferences between regions. Over the next several months we believe this workwill provide us with a better insight into the key drivers of this business.  Now let’stalk about our financial condition. We are pleased to report that both ourbalance sheet and cash flows remain healthy. We ended the period with $308million of cash and short-term investments. Our cash position is benefitingfrom reduced working capital needs as we operate the business on lowerinventories.  During thefirst three months of 2008 we repurchased 2.5 million shares of common stockfor an aggregate purchase price of $77 million. We remain on track to completehalf of our new two-year, $600 million buy-back program for a total of $300million this year. In addition, we expect to complete this full two-yearbuy-back without taking on any incremental long-term debt.  Now our CFOJohn Call will provide some additional colour on our first quarter results anddetails on our guidance for the second quarter. 
John G. Call: Thank you,Michael. As discussed, the operating margin improved by about 45 basis points drivenby a 40 basis point decline in selling, general and administrative costs and afive basis point improvement in gross margin.  Merchandiseto margin increased to about 15 basis points in the quarter. Our comparisonversus the prior year was impacted by timing issues related to markdowns takenin the first quarter of 2007 that sold during last year’s second quarter.Because we are on the cost method of accounting, markdowns do not reduce grossmargin until they sell. So we are forecasting even stronger merchandise margingains in this year’s second quarter compared to the higher-than-plannedmarkdown activity in the prior year period. In the firstquarter higher freight costs related to fuel surcharges were offset by lowerdistribution costs which improved about 10 basis points. Both occupancy andbuying costs experienced a slight increase of about five basis points over theprior year.  Selling,general and administrative costs in total declined about 40 basis pointscompared to last year’s first quarter. The real estate settlement benefittedthe period by about 30 basis points. Slight deleveraging in store cost was morethan offset by lower corporate expenses as a percent of sales in the quarter.  Store costsin the first half of 2008 are being pressured by the large number of new storeswe opened in 2007, including 26 new dd’s DISCOUNTS.  Interestincome of $1.6 million in the quarter also was better than planned, benefittingmainly from higher cash balances resulting from the progress we’ve made in inventorymanagement that is driving fast returns, fresh receipts, and higher accountspayable leverage.  As planned,earnings also benefited from a slightly lower tax rate in the quarter. With theadoption of FIN 48, there is now more variability in our quarterly tax rates.We continue to forecast our tax rate for the year to be relatively flat to 2007at about 39%.  Finally, ourbuy-back program drove a 4.5% reduction in shares outstanding, leveragingearnings per share growth in the quarter.  Let’s turnnow to our second quarter guidance for the 13 weeks ending August 2nd,2008.  Although weremain cautious regarding the macro-environment, we are now projecting secondquarter same store sales to increase 1% to 3% and earnings per share to grow16%to 27% for a targeted range of $0.43 to $0.47 compared to $0.37 in the prioryear. The assumptions that support these projections include: total sales areexpected to grow about 8% to 10% driven by a combination of new store growthand, as mentioned, a 1% to 3% increase in same store sales.  We areforecasting about 25 net new stores to open during the period, including 24Ross Dress for Less locations and one dd’s DISCOUNT. We areplanning comparable store sales in May to increase 4% to 5%. This guidancereflects favourable weather across many of our markets and an easier comparisonversus May of 2007 when same store sales rose 1%.  For June weare targeting comparable store sales to grow 1% to 3% on top of a strong 4%gain in the prior year.  Withinventory management driving fast returns and lower markdowns we expect to endthe quarter with less clearance than last year. So because July is typically atransitional clearance driven period, we have planned same store sales thatmonth to be flattish to the prior year. Operatingmargin is expected to increase about 20 to 60 basis points for a forecastedrange of 6% to 6.4% compared to 5.8% last year.  As previouslymentioned, we are planning even stronger gains in gross margin during thesecond quarter, though we expect that to be partially offset by an increase inselling, general and administrative costs as a percent of sales. Our 2007second quarter results included income from insurance proceeds related to astore loss and a lower than planned settlement for a legal matter that combinedadded about 25 basis points to last year’s second quarter operating margin.Interest income for the second quarter of 2008 is planned to be approximately$500,000 and our tax rate is expected to be about 39%.  We alsoestimate weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about $132 million.  Now I’ll turnthe call back to Michael for some closing comments.
Michael Balmuth: Thank you,John. Based on our second quarter guidance and our above plan results in thefirst quarter we are now projecting earnings per share for fiscal 2008 to be inthe range of $2.19 to $2.29 for a forecasted growth of 15% to 21% over $1.90 infiscal 2007.  Again, to sumup our comments today, we are pleased with our solid ahead of plan sales andearnings results in the first quarter that were achieved despite the difficultretail environment. We believe this reflects the resilience of our off-pricebusiness model.  Our historyshows that we have been able to manage successfully in many types of businessclimates with less volatility in our financial results than a comparablefull-price retailer.  During thesetimes we benefit from an increased supply of great brands at strong discounts.This makes our stores attractive destinations for customers seeking compellingbargains for their family and their home as shown by our solid performance inthe last two quarters.  In addition,because we can buy even closer to need today we can be more defensive andoperate our stores with leaner inventory levels. This in turn increases ouropen to buy capacity, giving us even more flexibility to take advantage of thegreat close outs available on the market. As a result, we can realize fastreturns and lower mark downs with a more rapid flow of fresh and excitingbargains to our stores which we have done and continue to do. Lookingahead, we remain confident that solid execution of our merchandise strategies,all with the key ingredient for success in this business, along with continuedstrict inventory and expense controls, will enable us to maximize our prospectsfor sales and earnings growth over the balance of 2008 and beyond. At this pointwe would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: (OperatorInstructions). Your first question is from Jeff Black with Lehman Brothers.
Jeff Black – Lehman Brothers: Congratulations,guys. Just a couple of questions, I guess, for Michael. Where specifically arewe seeing some improvement or better traction in the ladies business? Can youupdate us on Juniors? I don’t think you called that out, but I think that’sbeen tough in the past. Have we seen a light at the end of the tunnel there? For John, onthe inventory, that came in a lot lower than we would have thought. Can weexpect to see you build a little bit more inventory in the second quarter andin the back half of the year? Just an overall update on what to think about interms of inventory per square foot. Thanks.
Michael Balmuth: This isMichael. We’re starting to see traction in the Misses. We certainly haveperformed very well in dresses. There’s a national trend in dresses and we’re,I think, capturing more than the average in that. We’re very pleased with that.We’re seeing movement in our assortments and costs probably in our business,both in Misses and Special Sizes. It’s moving. It’s a slow move, but gettingbetter. Juniors, weplanned conservatively and the results have been pretty much in line with ourconservative plans and on a comparable basis are considerably down. But thatwas our strategy going in.
John G. Call: Jeff, oninventory levels we ended the quarter slightly below where we had planned thequarter. As we look forward, inventory levels are planned to be down highsingles to low double digits and moderate more to kind of the high, highsingles levels in the back half. 
Jeff Black – Lehman Brothers: Great. Thanksfor the clarity. Good luck.
Operator: Your nextquestion is from Brian Tunick with J. P. Morgan.
Brian Tunick – J. P. Morgan: Hi. Thanks,guys. I guess my question, Michael, for you is with the May comp guidance andmaybe with your outlook to June, any thoughts of the stimulus cheques thateveryone’s going to be getting? Historically do you expect your business andhave seen the pickup from that historically? And then the second question is,maybe update us on the micro merchandising roll out or the systems initiativethat we’re expecting to see in the second half.
Michael B. O’Sullivan: Actually,I’ll take that, Brian. It’s Michael O’Sullivan. First of all, on the rebatecheques, the truth is we just don’t know. There are so many things that affectour business – supply, weather, gas prices, rebate cheques – it’s hard for usto pull that out. Having said that, we are students of our business so we havegone back and looked at previous occasions where there have been similar rebatecheques.  So in 2001,for example, there were 90 million rebate cheques issued between July andSeptember. The back half of 2001 your ad comps did pretty well, but I warn youthat was off a pretty soft prior period in 2000 and, frankly, 9-11 was right inthe middle of that. So it’s very hard to sort of parse that out and figure outwhat exactly the impact was. So we think it’s going to be good, but it’s hardfor us to quantify. That’s the rebate cheque side. Your secondquestion I think was about micro-merchandising. Right now we’re about to launchthe pilot business in the micro-merchandising. There are two businesses thatwe’re piloting the tools and processes with which represent about 15% of ourbusiness. We’ll then move to some other major businesses in 2009 which wouldrepresent about 50% of our business, and then the balance of the businesseswould be in 2010.
Operator: The nextquestion is from Kimberly Greenberger with Citigroup.
KimberlyGreenberger - Citigroup:  Congratulations on a nice quarter. I washoping you could give us transaction metrics for Q1? On the lower clearanceinventory year-over-year, Michael, is there any way to quantify that? Eithergive us clearance inventories or percentage of total this year or last year?Any way to quantify that decline?  Secondarily, I just wanted to confirm thatyour updated annual EPS guidance of $2.19 to $2.29 includes the $0.60 from Q1,that’s the basis that you are using here for Q1?  Lastly, the CapEx numbers have beensomewhat elevated here ‘06/‘07, and that’s what we’re modeling here for ‘08.When do you think, longer term, we might be able to see that CapEx numberdecline back below the $200 million mark? Thanks.
JohnG. Call:  Kimberly, on the transaction metrics, ourprice per item was relatively flat for the quarter; our transaction size wasrelatively flat. It really was volume that took the comps up.  Relative to the question about whether ornot the annual guidance includes the $0.02 from the real estate transaction,the answer is yes, it does.
MichaelB. O’Sullivan:  Kimberly, I think your third question wasaround capital expenditure. One of the big drivers of our CapEx in the lastcouple of years has been DC capacity, so distribution capacity, and buildingout new distribution centers. This year’s CapEx includes a chunk of spending toexpand one of our distribution centers in Southern California, the Moreno Valleydistribution center. We expect that expansion to be completed by early ‘09.  As we look forward as to how much DCcapacity we are going to need in the next couple of years, we are notanticipating another major processing center in the next couple of years. Wemight need to add a storage facility, but that will be less expensive. Weexpect at least from a DC CapEx perspective, for spending to ramp down a littlebit over the next couple of years.
JohnG. Call:  I think your final question was onclearance levels. Kimberly, clearance levels are slightly down for us in the chain as weaccelerate inventory levels and bring the total inventory level down, which ishelping us manage the markdown line as well.
KimberlyGreenberger - Citigroup:  Any way to quantify that change, John?
JohnG. Call:  I’d say slightly down.
Operator:  The next question is from Paul Lejuez -Credit Suisse.
PaulLejuez - Credit Suisse:  I just want to dig into California alittle bit. Are you seeing anything different in that market in terms oftransactions versus ticket? Also just wondering what you’re seeing there interms of shopping by existing customers versus attracting a new tradedowncustomer?
MichaelB. O’Sullivan:  I will take the second piece on thetradedown customer. It would be speculative, we don’t really know. We do prettyregular research on our customers and that allows us to look out over a longertime horizon where our customers are coming from. We know that historically ourcustomers have come from everywhere. Our customers typically shop at everystore, pretty much. They’re only really loyal to one thing and that’s abargain, which is kind of what we try and focus on, that we can get a biggershare of their wallet if we put bargains in front of them. That research tells us that much and tellsus over a longer period of time where customers are coming fromdisproportionately, but it’s not really sensitive enough to figure out on ashort time horizon whether it’s a tradedown customer or a trade-up customer.It’s probably both; we don’t know.
PaulLejuez - Credit Suisse:  Are you able to track sales from existingcustomers?
MichaelB. O’Sullivan:  Not really, no. We know we have a prettyloyal core customer base, but we don’t really have that level of detail tofigure that out.
PaulLejuez - Credit Suisse:  How about in the transaction versus ticket,the average ticket in California?
JohnG. Call:  We estimate that those levels would besimilar to the rest of the chain.
PaulLejuez - Credit Suisse:  Last, product availability at dd’s versusRoss, are you seeing anything differentin the dd’s market?
MichaelBalmuth:  Not really. It’s a good time to be anoff-price buyer.
Operator:  The next question is from David Mann -Johnson Rice.
DavidMann - Johnson Rice:  In terms of the corporate expense leverage,was that all due to the comp or were there some areas where you had someunusual cost savings or control?
JohnG. Call:  There are some timing issues in the quarterrelated to self-funded health-care plans, etcetera, that gave us some leveragein the quarter. Actually, when we looked at the second quarter, SG&A willbe up slightly given that we’re up against 25 basis points of income we hadlast year. If we look at that across the first half, G&A is relativelyflat.
DavidMann - Johnson Rice:  Michael, I think in the last couple of callsyou have talked about perhaps doing a little bit better in the Southeastmarkets. Can you give an update on how some of those underperforming storesmight be doing?
MichaelB. O’Sullivan:  Actually the Southeast, at least in thefirst quarter, was actually a little bit behind the chain. Notmaterially from a comp basis, but a little bit behind the chain. Themid-Atlantic, which is another region we have called out in the past wasactually well ahead of the chain so it’shard for us to draw any sort of long-term sustainable conclusions from that. 
JohnG. Call:  Also, Kimberly, let me give some moreclarity around where clearance levels are. I said slightly. They are probablydown on a per-store basis; probably down low double-digits as a percentageterm.
Operator:  Your next question is from Jeff Klinefelter- Piper Jaffray.
JeffKlinefelter - Piper Jaffray:  On the dd’s comment that ‘07 stores wereslightly better than expected, can you just remind us where those stores openedand any other insights in helping to describe their better performance and whatare you gleaning from that going forward with store openings?  Michael, in terms of product, at this pointgoing into the fall season you and your buying organization, what are yousensing, what are you seeing out there in terms of product availabilities? Isit as good or better than last year going into the second half?  Lastly on second half guidance, John maybeI missed this, but the gross margin versus SG&A leverage potential, secondhalf versus first half?
MichaelB. O’Sullivan:  I’ll take the first part of that regardingdd’s new stores. Last year we doubled the size of the dd’s chain so weadded 26 stores. The vast majority of those were actually outside of California whichis the first time we had opened dd’s outside of California. Aswe’ve said on previous calls, we were disappointed with their performance. Theydidn’t perform anything like as well as the initial 26 stores had performed. As we came into ’07 -- the first quarter atleast -- they performed better and we’re happy with that, but it’s one quarterso we don’t know if it’s sustainable. We’ve certainly made some adjustments tothe assortments. We think that has helped but as I said, we don’t really knowhow that will play out in the remaining quarters of the year. In terms of plans to dd’s going forward,again because we doubled the size of the chain in ‘07,as we said earlier this year we’re really using ‘08 to sort of take a littlebit of a breather to make sure that we bed those stores in, really make sure weunderstand what’s driving their performance and then we’ll make a decision fromthere in terms of how many dd’s stores to open up over the next few years.
MichaelBalmuth:  The product availability versus a year ago,what we’ve seen so far through the first four-and-a-half months of the year isit’s considerably better than a year ago. How long it will stay like that, noone knows but my instinct would say that we’ve got a good ways to go based onhow mainstream retailers are performing. My instinct would say we’ll have agood buying opportunity for a bit more time ahead of us.
JohnG. Call:  On guidance, we haven’t given guidance onthe second half specifically, what was given was the annual earnings per shareguidance. Coming closer into the second quarter we expect about, as I said, 20to 60 basis points of improvement in EBIT margin. That’s up against 25 basispoints of income we had last year. Most of that leverage will come from thegross margin line. SG&A will actually be pressured a bit, we think, in thesecond quarter.
Operator:  Your next question is from Mark Montagna -CL King.
MarkMontagna - CL King:  A question about your pricing power.Typically you try to maintain a certain spread between your prices and thedepartment stores. Considering the consumer is so price-driven right now, doyou need to maintain that same spread or are you getting increasing pricingpower that you can allow that spread to narrow?
MichaelBalmuth:  Allow the spread to narrow? No. At most insomething like this we’d widen the spread, meaning the spread from departmentstore pricing to our pricing. If we are able to take advantage of betterpricing from the market, we usually will pass it on.
Operator:  Our next question is from Patrick McKeever- MKM Partners. 
PatrickMcKeever - MKM Partners:  Could you talk a little bit more about yourshoe business, which has been comping very well? How big is that now as apercent of sales? What’s driving the business? That is a little counter to thebroader trend in retail, which is weakness in shoes. What’s driving your shoebusiness? Are you adding SKUs? Are you adding new brands? Lastly, same basicquestion, how are the price points holding up in shoes?
MichaelBalmuth:  Our shoe business is approximately in the10% range of our store. Why are we doing better in shoes? In off-price or inour business, we are executing better then we had before, and it boils down tothat. Our SKU levels really are not a lot different. Our pricing has been verysharp. There have been a lot of opportunities based on the shoe conditions inthe market.  What’s going to happen going forward inshoes in pricing, who knows. I know there is a price increase coming out in theFar Eastin shoes. What I think will happen then is there will be more opportunitiesbecause retail will rise and mainstream stores will create a backup, whichhopefully we’ll be able to take advantage of.  I think a multiple of things have beengoing on; market condition and improved execution are really the drivers forus.
PatrickMcKeever - MKM Partners:  On the fuel surcharges that you mentionedin the quarter, is that the first time you have called that out as a materialissue? What are you seeing there? Is it going to get worse here? What are youhearing?
MichaelB. O’Sullivan:  Actually on that second to last piece ofthe question, maybe you can tell us whether it’s going to get worse or willnot. We certainly knew that fuel prices were going to be high coming into theyear so we planned for that to some degree but we didn’t plan that it would be$130 a barrel. That’s why there has been some impact on Q1. Having said that, Patrick, I would say 18months, 24 months ago when we first saw fuel prices rise -- and at that pointthey were blowing through the $50 a barrel mark -- when we first saw them risewe actually took a step back and took a look at our transportation costs. Weput a number of initiatives in place that are coming to fruition now thatrelate to how we flow goods into our distribution centers, how we pack goodsonto trucks, that kind of thing. So to some degree we were able to use thoseinitiatives to offset some of the fuel increases in Q1 and that will help us inthe remainder of the year as well. But it won’t be enough to offset itcompletely, as long as prices remain at the levels they’re at or if theyincrease further.
Operator:  The next question is coming from MarniShapiro - The Retail Tracker.
MarniShapiro - The Retail Tracker:  Could you just give me a little bit moreinsight into the inventory levels? They are planned down very conservatively. Iwas curious if that was a combination of units plan down as well as betterprices from buying? And if it was planned down equally across the board or werethere pockets of home or apparel, men’s versus women’s, accessories that areplanned up where others are planned down more significantly?
JohnG. Call:  Relative to inventory levels, it’s really afunction of just taking the total levels down, not really a price function. Sowe just took absolute levels down to increase the turn and increase thefreshness of the store.
MichaelBalmuth:  And on the inventory cut, whether it wasacross the board or selected areas, every area in the company was hitsignificantly. Certain areas were considerably more aggressive than that,though.
MarniShapiro - The Retail Tracker:  Is there anything that you’re planning upas you go into the next quarter?
MichaelBalmuth:  In inventory levels?
MarniShapiro - The Retail Tracker:  Besides the dresses, I assume. Any inventorythat you’re planning up as you go into the second quarter and beyond?
MichaelBalmuth:  No.
Operator:  The next question is from Dana Telsey -Telsey Advisory Group.
DanaTelsey - Telsey Advisory Group:  Can you talk a little bit about as you thinkabout the brands overall in the apparel side, where I think there was going tobe a little bit of an emphasis on a little more fashion or trend-rightmerchandise, where are you there and how much further do you have to go? Also,can you talk a little bit about what you’re seeing out there in terms ofproduct costs? Are you seeing anything from who you buy from of the productcost increases in terms of sourcing from China?Thank you.
MichaelBalmuth:  On the brand movement, I think we’re partof the way there. We’re probably 50% of the way there or maybe slightly higherin ladies, a little higher than that in men’s. But I’m talking about today onthe floor. We know what we have in the pipeline and it’s moving nicely in thedirection we want it to go. In terms of price increases from China, weare seeing it; certainly it’s been in the press about footwear. Footwear, thereare significant price increases coming out of China andwe’re seeing it in other categories. If we execute effectively we’re a littlemore on the sidelines waiting. We’ll see how it plays out in traditionalretail. Certainly, there are pockets of the business in the home area wherethere are price increases and in our business, we can adjust our mix to helpmitigate some of that, but the price increases are what they are.
DanaTelsey - Telsey Advisory Group:  What’s the magnitude of the priceincreases?
MichaelBalmuth:  It varies by category. I think the mostsevere place in the store is in the shoe area, and I am not recalling exactly,but I think it’s somewhere in mid single-digits, mid to slightly higher thanthat depending on a lot of variables.
DanaTelsey - Telsey Advisory Group:  To trend-right product, any more discussionthere?
MichaelBalmuth:  Well as I said, we are comfortable thatwe’re moving in the right direction. I am not comfortable in every area todayon the floor. In ladies apparel it is still a little further behind men’s,young men’s has considerably moved the needle; ladies is moving the needle andI didn’t see the path as clearly on our last call. I see it starting totransition on the floor and I know it’s in the pipeline so I feel verycomfortable that over the next quarter or so we’ll be in a better positionthere.
DanaTelsey - Telsey Advisory Group:  Should it be around 5% of the mix?
MichaelBalmuth:  No, depending on the area it should beconsiderably more than that. Certain pockets of the store it should be 15%,20%, and certain pockets actually would be slightly higher. There’s very fewplaces in ladies that I would say it is as low as 5% going forward.
DanaTelsey - Telsey Advisory Group:  Should it be a margin benefit as you seeit?
MichaelBalmuth:  I don’t see it as a margin benefit; I seeit as a sales benefit.
Operator:  The next question is from Richard Jaffe -Stifel Nicolaus.
RichardJaffe - Stifel Nicolaus:  Thanks very much. Just a follow-on questionwith dd’s DISCOUNTS and what seems to be a little bit of an inflection pointhere, are you seeing differences in the more mature stores in the California market?Have the new stores been a source of success? Any insight in terms ofmerchandising mix, how that’s playing out? Things that you’ve learned that cangive you some traction going forward?
MichaelB. O’Sullivan:  On the first part of your question Richard,I’m not sure what you’re driving at but just some commentary. The comp stores-- which are all California stores -- as a group have actually been a pretty strong group ofstores. They’ve been slightly below their comp plan in the first quarter, butit’s hard for us to project from that and I’m not sure what more we canconclude other than say that we’re a little bit below the comp plan. The new stores, the ‘07 stores, most ofwhich have been open for less than a year, opened up at a pretty disappointinglevel and they’ve done better and we think they have done better because we’vemade so much assortment changes but it’s one quarter and again, it’s hard for us to project offone quarter but they’ve been slightly better than we planned.
MichaelBalmuth:  I would just add that even though thecomparable stores were off what we’d projected, they were still positive andalso we are doing a lot of research on this customer. There are differences byregion and there are ethnicity differences that we’re working through tounderstand better.
RichardJaffe - Stifel Nicolaus:  And the merchandise assortments are prettysimilar to the Ross mix?
MichaelBalmuth:  No, no. The categories we carry are similarto Ross, but the mix is very different.
RichardJaffe - Stifel Nicolaus:  That’s what I meant, by category, obviouslydifferent brands and different price points of course?
MichaelBalmuth:  Right.
Operator:  At this time there are no furtherquestions. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Balmuth for anyclosing remarks.
MichaelBalmuth: Thank you all for attending. Have a verygood day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-03-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael A. Balmuth - Vice Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer John G. Call - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Corporate Secretary Norman A. Ferber - Chairman of the Board Gary L. Cribb - Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer Michael O'Sullivan - Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer
Analysts: Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates John Morris - Wachovia Securities David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company Tracy Kogan - Credit Suisse  Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray  Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan  Reed Kim - Merrill Lynch Erik Mace - Basso Capital William Keller - FTN Midwest Research 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sylvia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Ross Stores fourth quarter and fiscal 2007 earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded and will begin with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, followed by question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Balmuth, you may begin your conference. 
Michael A. Balmuth: Good morning. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board;  Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer; Michael O'Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer; John Call - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Katie Loughnot, Vice President of Investor Relations. We’ll begin our call today with a review of our fourth quarter and 2007 performance, followed by our outlook for 2008 and the longer term. Afterwards, we’ll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.  Before we begin, I want to note that our comments on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on management’s current forecasts of aspects of the company’s future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results or current expectations. These risk factors are detailed in today’s press release and our fiscal 2006 Form 10-K, fiscal 2007 Form 10-Qs and fiscal 2008 -- and 2008 Form 8-Ks on file with the SEC.  Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended February 2, 2008 were $.70, compared to $.66 for the 14 weeks ended February 3, 2007. Net earnings for the quarter totaled $94.5 million, compared to $93.1 million in the prior year period. For the 52 weeks ended February 2, 2008, earnings per share were $1.90 compared to $1.70 for the 53 weeks ended February 3, 2007. Net earnings for fiscal 2007 were a record $261.1 million compared to $241.6 million in 2006.  For the 2007 fourth quarter and full year, earnings per share grew 19% and 17% respectively when we adjust the prior year comparable periods by eliminating the extra week. As we have previously noted, the 53rd week in 2006 added earnings equivalent to approximately $0.07 per share to both the fourth quarter and the year.  Fourth quarter sales increased 3% to $1.652 billion, with comparable store sales up 2% over the prior year. For the full year, total sales rose 7% to a record $5.975 billion, with same-store sales up 1% on top of a 4% gain in 2006.  The northwester sectors were the strongest regions in the quarter and the year, while dresses, home, and shoes were the best performing merchandise categories.  During the quarter, we continued to strengthen our merchandise offerings by expanding the assortment in accessories as well as our home and gift-giving categories. We are pleased with the solid performance of these businesses in both the fourth quarter and full year and plan to expand upon these efforts in 2008.  We also took steps to improve the fashion and brand content in our apparel businesses during 2007. While we have started to see improvement in our men’s categories, our ladies businesses in the fourth quarter under-performed our expectations, due in part to weakness across the industry.  As we move into 2008, we continue to take steps to further strengthen our assortments in both men’s and ladies, laying the groundwork for ongoing improvement in these key apparel businesses. For the 13 week fourth quarter of 2007, operating margin was 9.0% compared to 9.3% for the 14 week prior year quarter. We estimate that last year’s 53rd week added about 55 basis points to the 2006 fourth quarter operating margin, so while we realized an improvement in merchandise gross margin in the fourth quarter of 2007, it was more than offset by the deleveraging effect on occupancy and selling, general and administrative costs of one less week of sales in this year’s fourth quarter compared to 2006.  For the 2007 fiscal year, operating margin increased about five basis points to 7%. We estimate that the 53rd week added approximately 20 basis points to profit margins in 2006.  Gross margin improvement of about 20 basis points for the year was largely driven by an increase in merchandise gross margin. Again, the comparison to 2006, which had the extra week, contributed to the deleveraging effect in 2007 on occupancy and selling, general, and administrative costs.  We finished 2007 with average in-store inventories down about 9% and expect inventories will be down in the mid to high single digits throughout 2008.  Turning to our store expansion program, we added 93 net new stores in 2007, a 12% increase, including 67 Ross Dress for Less and 26 dd’s DISCOUNTS. This growth was partially driven by the real estate acquisition of about 40 former Albertson sites in late 2006.  We ended 2007 with 890 stores, including 838 Ross Dress for Less and 52 dd’s DISCOUNTS locations. We doubled the size of our dd’s DISCOUNTS chain in 2007 with 26 new stores, including entry into three new markets -- Florida, Texas, and Arizona -- where we now operate 16 locations.  While our existing 26 comparable stores in California performed in line with expectations in 2007, the new stores we opened, particularly in our newer markets, under-performed our targets. In 2007, the drag on earnings from dd’s was about 40 basis points.  For at least the next year or so, we will focus mainly on gaining a better understanding of the target dd’s customer. In particular, we are looking at how the demographics in the new locations we opened during 2007 might differ compared to our earlier openings in 2004 and 2006.  We believe this knowledge will enable us to do a better job of fine-tuning our assortments to more effectively address customer wants and needs.  Now let’s talk about our financial condition. I am pleased to report that as we ended the year, our balance sheet and cash flows remained healthy. In 2007, cash flows from operations funded $236 million in capital expenditures to open 93 net new stores and make ongoing distribution network, infrastructure, and systems investments.  Our solid financial position and healthy cash flows also enabled us to continue our long-term practice of returning capital to shareholders through both our stock repurchase and dividend programs.  During 2007, we repurchased 6.9 million shares of common stock for an aggregate of $200 million and completed our two-year, $400 million program. We ended 2007 with 134.1 million shares of common stock issued and outstanding.  This past January, our board of directors approved a new two-year $600 million stock repurchase program. This is a 50% increase over the prior program, reflecting our confidence and the future profitable growth potential of our business.  The board also approved a 27% increase to our quarterly cash dividend to $0.095 per share, which is our 14th consecutive annual dividend increase.  Now I would like to turn to our earnings guidance for the 2008 first quarter and full year. As we announced with our January sales release, our target for same-store sales is flat to up 1% for the first quarter ending May 3, 2008. We recently reported that comparable store sales in February rose 4%, benefiting from broad-based geographic and merchandise trends, as well as favorable weather comparisons in some of our markets.  When we reported February sales, we also reiterated our outlook for March and April. Easter calendar shifts are usually difficult to predict, especially when the holiday falls as early as it does this year. As a result, it is important to look at comparable store sales for the two months combined, which we have forecasted to be flat to up 1% compared to the prior year.  When planning our business for March, we took into consideration that the holiday shift also results in one less selling day this month. As a result, at the beginning of this month, we reiterated our forecast for same-store sales to decline 4% to 5% in March, followed by a 7% to 8% increase in April, which is aided by the extra selling day.  Operating margin for the first quarter is projected to be flat to down 20 basis points and we continue to forecast earnings per share in the range of $0.52 to $0.54. This compares to $0.48 in the prior year.  For the fiscal year ending January 31, 2009, our earnings per share target of $2.10 to $2.20 also remains unchanged and represents an 11% to 16% increase over the prior year. Total sales of [inaudible] increased 8% to 9%, with comparable store sales gains of 1% to 2%. Operating margin is forecast to be flat to up 20 basis points.  Underlying assumptions for 2008 also includes store growth of 8% for the year, including 65 to 70 net new Ross and five dd’s DISCOUNTS. We recently completed our first quarter openings, adding 26 new Ross and two new dd’s locations earlier this month.  Now let’s turn to some of our longer term initiatives. For the next three years, we will be gradually rolling out new system enhancements and process changes that we believe will enhance our ability to plan, buy, and allocate product at a more local or even store level. As we have previously communicated, the objective of these new micro-merchandising tools is to drive gradual improvement in sales and profitability, not only in our newer markets but also across the chain.  We are planning to roll out this program to 15% of merchandise categories across all stores by the Fall of 2008, followed by an additional 50% of merchandise categories in 2009 and the remaining 35% in 2010.  Until full implementation of this initiative is complete in 2010, we believe that the company’s total sales and profitability will be enhanced by targeting expansion in our most productive, existing markets. This will mean a lower percentage of new stores will open in the southeast and mid-Atlantic during 2009 and 2010. These are regions where we grew rapidly over the past several years.  As a result of this change, along with our focus on improving dd’s performance in our newer markets, we have adjusted our longer range earnings model. As previously announced in early February, we now are planning unit growth of about 5% to 6% in 2009 and 2010, and a return to our historical comparable store sales growth rate of about 3%.  Combined with our largest stock repurchase program, these modifications are expected to drive average annual earnings per share gains in the mid-teen percentage range, as well as an increase in return on average equity to over 30% by 2010.  To sum up, over the years we’ve been able to manage successfully through many types of business climates with less volatility in our financial results than a comparable full price retailer. As an [off pricer], the upside in a difficult environment is generally an increased supply of great bargains. When full price retailers struggle, we typically can take advantage of the larger amounts of close out opportunities this creates. We benefited from this situation in 2007 and continue to acquire terrific bargains in the marketplace today.  In addition, as we saw in 2007, because we can buy even closer to need in the current environment, we can be more defensive and operate our stores with leaner inventory levels. This in turn increases our open to buy capacity, giving us even more flexibility to take advantage of the great close outs available in the market. As a result, we can realize faster turns with a more rapid flow of fresh and exciting bargains to our stores, like we are doing today.  Looking ahead, we remain confident in the ongoing resiliency of our off price model. We strongly believe that effective execution of our value focused business strategies will enable us to continue to deliver competitive bargains to our customers and in turn maximize our prospects for future sales and earnings growth.  Now we’d like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jeff Black from Lehman Brothers.
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: On the -- can you remind us, Michael, what your CapEx budget is for ’08? And then on the inventory side, it’s kind of surprising to hear we’re going even lower in per square foot inventory after this year. Where are you finding opportunities to take that inventory down? And do you think that inhibits the ability to really hit the 3 to 5 comp level that you’ve outlined? Thanks. 
John G. Call: I’ll take the first one on CapEx. We’re looking at ’08 to spend about $250 million. The biggest piece of that increase is really the build-out of a distribution center in southern California. 
Michael A. Balmuth: Relative to where we are taking inventory out of, we have found that we were carrying too much inventory. We took too much markdowns last year and actually over the last couple of years. We are finding that we can turn our product much faster and it really is pretty much across the board, across the store and some of it is the enhancements we’ve been putting in and through our distribution network. And we do not believe in any way, shape, or form as we saw in the fourth quarter, that it is inhibiting our ability to perform at a reasonable sales level. 
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: And then just a follow-up quickly; how do you feel about the inventory level, the content of the inventory now in terms of what might need to be marked down for Spring? Thanks. 
Michael A. Balmuth: I feel much better on our inventory content today than I did a year ago at this time. I think some of our initiatives are taking hold, so I feel pretty good about that and the total inventory levels, so I think we’re well-positioned. 
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: Great. Thanks. Good luck. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Montagna from C.L. King.
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Just a follow-up question on the distribution center in southern California; curious what exactly you are building out and can we be certain we’re not going to see any disruptions from that?
John G. Call: We are doubling the size of that distribution center down there. It’s in full operation today but what we are actually building out is additional storage space and then some additional production area. So what -- so can we guarantee that there won’t be a disruption? I believe so. There’s no major system changes or enhancements. It’s really just an opportunity and we are taking advantage of enlarging our capacity there. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay, and then with the better inventories that you had in 2007 and what you are seeing right now, would you categorize the inventories for 2008 as better than -- like, do you think they are going to continue to get even better throughout all of 2008?
Michael A. Balmuth: Well, what I would say is based on what we’ve seen going on in the marketplace to date and what was started in the back half of last year and continues now, the opportunities in the market are plentiful and with that, I would expect our inventories to continue to improve. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay, so you are probably -- do you think you are going to be able to open up additional new brands for Ross Stores?
Michael A. Balmuth: I would expect some. There aren’t a lot of brands that we don’t carry today. It’s really the availability and the quality of the inventory that’s available from the core resource structure that we all work with. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. Then, I just wanted to get an update for the full year of 2007, what the total comp was for California, Texas, and Florida, and then what percentage of total sales each of those states represented. 
John G. Call: I’ll give you the store count by state, if that’s helpful. For example, in California we had 235 stores that represent about 26% of the store base. If you add Arizona, Florida, Nevada in that mix, it’s about 45% in the stores. So from a comp standpoint, California actually performed in line with the chain at up 1, Texas was up 3 and Florida was slightly negative. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. What about the store count for Texas and Florida?
John G. Call: Texas, we had 126 stores and Florida, we had 105. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. Were you including dd’s in that or just Ross Stores?
John G. Call: dd’s is included in that count. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. All right, that was all I needed. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Morris from Wachovia.
John Morris - Wachovia Securities: Thanks. Congratulations on a great quarter and year, guys. I think my first question is for Michael Balmuth; we see you had net interest income of $2.6 million in the quarter. If I’m right, I look back on the notes and the guidance was that you would expect no interest income or expense, back when you talked about it in the third quarter. So I’m wondering where that -- first of all, if that’s right, if that changed and also where that came from. 
John G. Call: Sure. Actually, when we went into the quarter, that’s what we had planned on. Having said that, we took inventories down pretty dramatically. That gave us more working capital. Also, we had less CapEx spending, as some of the money for the distribution center actually will be spent in ’08 instead of ’07. 
John Morris - Wachovia Securities: Then are you accounting for that with lower inventory levels in ’08 on your net interest expense guidance?
John G. Call: Yes. 
John Morris - Wachovia Securities: And also, Michael, is there a way you can quantify for us, how much did the 53rd week affect gross margin in the fourth quarter?
John G. Call: Actually, on the 53rd week, as Michael mentioned, it meant about 55 basis points of EBIT in ’06 and that 55 basis points is evenly spread between -- pretty evenly spread between cost of sales and SG&A. 
John Morris - Wachovia Securities: Okay, and then the final question I have is on the go-forward expansion of Ross, which will primarily be in existing markets, can you give us a little bit more color there? If you look at the openings that you have planned for ’08, where will the heaviest concentrations be?
Gary L. Cribb: I can answer that. We’ll continue to open in our existing markets, as we’ve stated. You won’t see any new markets for us. In ’08, the ’08 plan was set really 12 to 24 months in advance, so you’ll continue to see our stores open in a similar fashion as last year. 
John Morris - Wachovia Securities: So I guess -- well, it sounds like maybe to clarify, you’re not going to be opening nearly as many in the mid-Atlantic and Southeast, correct?
Michael O'Sullivan: [inaudible] in 2008. In 2008, as Gary said, the truth is that the lead time on real estate is 18 to 24 months, so the plans were laid down for ’08 18 months ago.  The plan in terms of reducing the store openings in the Southeast and mid-Atlantic is something that will actually -- you’ll see start to happen in ’09 and ’10. 
John Morris - Wachovia Securities: Okay, great. Thanks for that. Thank you and good luck. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Mann from Johnson Rice.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Can you update us on what shrink was last year and how you expect that to proceed in ’08?
John G. Call: So we picked up probably about 10 basis points in shrink improvement on the year, probably about $0.01 per share. Obviously we don’t know until we take our count in ’08 but would expect to continue to see improvements in that area as some of the initiatives we are taking begin to take further hold.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Okay. As you continue to shrink inventory per store and at the same time you are seeing some occupancy cost pressure, how are you looking at the size of the prototype? Any opportunity to shrink that going forward?
Gary L. Cribb: We continually look at it and we do see some opportunity and we’ll use it strategically. It won’t be across the board. In certain locations, we think we can run a slightly smaller box. 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: But the size of the box that we should plan for ’08 should be very similar to what you’ve had in the past?
Gary L. Cribb: Yes. 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Okay. And then lastly, can you just comment on some of the weaker categories and what you might be trying to do to improve performance there?
Michael A. Balmuth: Okay. Well, the weakest categories really in the store have been ladies, exclusive of dresses, which has been a very excellent performer. And really what we’ve done, we’ve done a lot of things but primarily it’s in adjusting our strategies, aligning our -- evaluating our mix of moderate and better product, evaluating the talent that we have in the organization, adding more man power into the ladies organization, because our view would be to strengthen and bolster up the man power in there at a time of weakness as opposed to cutting back, so those are the moves we pretty much made. 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez from Credit Suisse.
Tracy Kogan - Credit Suisse: Thanks. It’s Tracy Kogan filling in for Paul. First I had a follow-up on the CapEx; can you tell us how the $250 million breaks out between new stores, IT, and other? And then secondly, can you tell us what comps you will need to leverage expenses in ’08? Thanks. 
John G. Call: Breaking down the $250 million, so new stores will be about $60 million; existing stores, maintenance capital, et cetera, will be about $40 million; the DC, distribution centers, will be about $115 million; IT about $20 million; and there’s about $50 million of other projects we have going.  And the second part of the question was?
Tracy Kogan - Credit Suisse: What comp you need to leverage expenses this year, and also buying and occupancy. 
John G. Call: So if we look at this year in ’08, we’re saying on a 1 to 2 comp, we can grow EBIT -- it’s probably going to go flat to 20, so at a 2 comp, about 20 basis points of operating margin leverage is what we are planning on this year.  Having said that, we understand we are operating in a more difficult retail environment. We do have pressure from occupancy and wage increases. If we can keep our eye on the ball, keep our inventories appropriate, manage our expense lines, hopefully we’ll do better than that. 
Tracy Kogan - Credit Suisse: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick McKeever from MKM Partners.
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: Thanks. I don’t think you mentioned this, John, but I was just wondering if you could tell us how much merchandise margin was up year over year and maybe talk about the different components of merchandise margin, which drove the increase, markdowns -- it sounds like pure markdowns, but was there a continued benefit from shrink there, that kind of thing? Thanks. 
John G. Call: I’ll speak to the quarter primarily. Merchandise margins, actually we saw solid improvement and you are correct in it was lower markdowns that drove that result. Shrink helped a little bit, the lower shrink accrual. Having said that, that improvement was offset by deleverage in occupancy, including the deleverage from the 53rd week. So for the quarter, margin actually deleveraged by five basis points, the gross margin deleveraged by five basis points.  And for the year, kind of similar trends. We had increased merchandise margin primarily due to lower markdowns, again offset by occupancy. 
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: And then any color on the March month to date sales trend? I was thinking, Michael, you might add some color there when you were talking about the plan for the first quarter. 
Michael A. Balmuth: Actually, our policy is not to comment mid-month. 
Patrick McKeever - MKM Partners: Okay. All right. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Marni Shapiro from The Retail Tracker.
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Congratulations on a good quarter in this environment. Two quick questions; Michael, you talked about the misses being tough but if you could just talk a little bit about non-apparel in the misses space and special sizes in juniors, which I think falls all under your ladies category.  And I know you guys are buying closer to need but are you seeing inventory already available for the fall?
Michael A. Balmuth: Okay. In terms of our ladies apparel, I would say that the weakest business right now has been juniors, and special size business, we see improvement. We’ve seen some improvement but -- is that kind of what you are looking for in -- 
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Exactly. The juniors was up against tough comps, is that right?
Michael A. Balmuth: Our juniors business for several years running has had very large comps, and so it’s -- and we planned it conservatively based on what’s going on nationally in the junior business right now, so it’s factored into our plan.  And your question relative to closer to need?
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Non-apparel accessories, foot wear, things like that. 
Michael A. Balmuth: Those businesses, the other businesses are related to the women are all very strong and we are pleased with the progress we are making there. 
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Great. And then I was just curious; I know you guys don’t buy this far out but are you seeing your vendors approaching you about fall inventory already?
Michael A. Balmuth: Not close-outs on fall inventory, no. 
Marni Shapiro - The Retail Tracker: Good. Good luck with the spring. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michelle Clark from Morgan Stanley.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Good morning. Thank you. First question -- can you break out fourth quarter comp by ticket and traffic and then what you expect for both first quarter and full year ’08?
John G. Call: Relative to the comp in the fourth quarter, actually the traffic was up about a point-and-a-half, and the ticket was up about a half-a-point or so. And actually, those numbers, they -- the volatility in those numbers is very low. Over our history, it’s been about the same so I’d expect more of the same. 
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: So continued trends in first quarter and full year ’08?
John G. Call: That’s what I’d expect. 
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and second question, your ’08 sales guidance implies an acceleration in growth rate relative to ’07, despite lower [inaudible] growth. What’s driving the optimism that we’ll see an acceleration in comp growth?
Michael A. Balmuth: Well, our feeling on comp growth is essentially that we have execution opportunities from a year ago. We have initiatives we’ve put in place that are starting to take hold and we think if we continue on that and we’ve seen some of that momentum go into fourth quarter and into February, so we’re -- we think that will help drive our improvement as we move through the year. 
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger from Citigroup.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Thank you. Nice quarter. John, I was hoping you could give us some -- the basis points associated with the improvement in merchandise margin, the deleverage in occupancy here in the fourth quarter. And if you have any detail on SG&A, that would be helpful as well.  And then Michael, the rollout of micro merchandising, I think you said 15% of your categories were going to roll out I think a planning and allocation tool. If you could just give us a little bit more information on the tool and how you expect to deploy it in your business, that would be great. Thanks. 
John G. Call: Kimberly, relative to gross margin, as I said we had improvements in gross margin in the quarter. It was around 50 basis points, mainly due to lower mark-downs. That was offset by deleverage, principally in occupancy and also from the 53rd week.  In G&A, expenses delevered by 25 basis points, principally due to wage pressures and lower leverage on the 2 comp in the quarter and the impact of the 53rd week on fixed expenses.  So on balance, the quarter on a 53 to 52 week period delevered by 30 basis points. If we look at it on an apples-to-apples basis on a 52 to 52 week basis, we actually lever by 25 basis points. I don’t know if that’s helpful to you, Kimberly. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Yes, thank you. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Kimberly, on your question about micro merchandising, let me just step back for a second. What is micro merchandising? Historically we’ve always planned our business top down, so we plan each classification for the whole chain and then once we plan that, we then allocate it to each store. That’s what we’ve done historically.  Now, going forward with micro merchandising, what the tools and associated processes allow us to do is actually look at each individual store and see how each individual store is trending for that classification, and then sort of build that back up and say well, how much product do we need to buy and then compare that with what’s available.  So it’s kind of a bottom up planning process that will sort of work in conjunction with our top down planning process. That’s how we are going to use it.  Now, as Michael said in his earlier remarks, we are going to turn the process on in ’08 for about 15% of the classifications across the chain and then in ’09, about 50% of the business, and then in 2010, the remaining businesses. So that’s the schedule.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Michael, if we wanted to monitor progress in those classifications that you are going start deploying the tool in, where are you going to start? Are you going to start in home or kids or men’s or -- can you share that with us?
Michael A. Balmuth: Actually, for competitive reasons, we prefer not to share it at this time. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Okay, thanks. Good luck here in the spring. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Klinefelter from Piper Jaffray.
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Just a couple of quick questions; maybe first, Michael, if you could comment on California as a market. I would be very interested in how these various southern markets and those housing -- most susceptible to the housing market are performing. You’ve operated for a long time in California. Can you share any more perspective, maybe a little higher level perspective on what you are seeing trend wise, shifts across the categories, overall performance and what you are anticipating as we come out of this recessionary period, particularly in those states?
Michael A. Balmuth: Obviously we’ve been doing business in California for a long time and California has had a lot of ups and downs and if we execute effectively -- in the past through these ups and downs, we’ve performed okay and California is not running materially different to the company at this point in time. 
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Okay. A couple of other follow-ups; in terms of, and I apologize if I miss this, but in terms of your inventory turnover, do you have a new objective going forward, John, that you’d like to hit in terms of overall company-wide turnover as a result of system-driven enhancements, or a new inventory management paradigm?
John G. Call: When we look at that, Jeff, we’re really looking at underlying [terms], obviously. We’re looking at markdown risk and the way we communicate that, at least internally and externally, as we’re looking at what average [to our inventories] do, so as Michael mentioned, down 9 on an average store basis. And I think throughout the year, we like kind of mid to high single level inventory reductions that Michael also mentioned. That’s where we were coming into the fourth quarter and it turned out all right. So I would anticipate throughout this year that that would be -- the paradigm would be similar. 
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Okay. What about store payroll, John? Any thoughts there in terms of your ability to flex that up and down in different comp environments, but also is there a level -- is it lower than the last couple of years or what is the appropriate level of store payroll going forward, given the combination of system improvements and overall business climate?
John G. Call: I would say just from a financial perspective, that one’s a little tougher. We had kind of minimum levels of payroll in the store that we run. As sales go up and down, we have the ability to flex that some but at some level, you get to a base where we have to have payroll. We do have pressure for minimum wages, both last year and this year, and more over what’s putting pressure there is our average store volumes are staying relatively flat with increasing wage rates. So we are looking at productivity measures, other things, but by and large I would anticipate that continues to put pressure [on it]. 
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: And you’ve been operating sort of at that base level of payroll the last couple of quarters? 
Gary L. Cribb: No, I would add that we haven’t so we have -- through a lot of work in last year, we are now able to allocate payroll based on workload. So you have stores that have operated because of volumes at that base level but stores that require additional payroll due to workload, which ultimately is driven by sales, we allocate payroll accordingly. 
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Okay, great. One last one for Michael again; have you continued to do any sort of competitive analysis on cross shopping with your customer? Are you noticing any changes given the weakness in the economy and where you are pulling customer traffic in from, or any up-to-date insights in that?
Michael O'Sullivan: We do competitive research pretty frequently and it sort of tracks where our customers tend to cross-shop, but it’s not really a -- it’s not really an accurate enough instrument to spot short term trends, if you see what I mean. So over a period of a couple of years, we could say we are pulling more customers from this competitor or that competitor, but over a matter of months, I don’t think we have that kind of visibility. 
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: What about the trend over the last couple of years then?
Michael O'Sullivan: Actually, in terms of the last couple of years, no. It’s a -- our customer -- I mean, the interesting thing about our customer is they shop everywhere. It’s a very diverse customer base and as long as we offer more compelling bargains than our competitors and those competitors are a very wise group of retailers, apparel retailers, we do very well. 
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Tunick from J.P. Morgan.
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: A couple of questions; I guess relative to Florida, is there anything you are doing down there, you know, thinking about the business differently as far as marketing or payroll or anything there first?
Gary L. Cribb: There’s no additional marketing today. It’s our program, our standard program, if you will. As we look at store payroll, as I stated earlier, we allocate towards work load and sales and are doing that in Florida as well. So we are just ensuring that as, relative to expenses, we are managing it closely and ensuring that it’s appropriate for the level of sales that we have in that market. 
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Second question, I guess when you talk about ’09 and beyond at mid-teens earnings growth, do you think about the bigger opportunities in distribution leverage, shrink, or markdowns as you look ahead?
John G. Call: Yes, as we look to ’09, ‘010, and kind of beyond that, just longer term, we think there’s opportunity, specifically in the merchandise gross margin. We think there’s opportunity in productivity and distribution centers. That would juxtapose against operating costs that should get better, we should lever over a period of time as we focus more on building store count in more productive markets.  So I would say kind of would look for expansion on the gross margin line from better merchandise turns and DC productivity, offset by some pressures in occupancy and [operating income]. 
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and along those lines, if you look back in ’07 and these decisions to slow down real estate, so at dd’s and the mid-Atlantic Ross Stores, was it more about a miss or weakness on the top line or was it more about the four wall margins sort of not up to what your targets were?
Michael A. Balmuth: Both. We would say it was a combination of both. 
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And just finally, any update on auction rate securities on your balance sheet?
John G. Call: Brian, actually as we sit today, we have very minimal levels. I think we have about $2 million in long-term investments in auction rate securities. 
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: No prohibiting your share buy-back or CapEx?
John G. Call: No. 
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thanks very much, guys. Good luck. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Reed Kim from Merrill Lynch.
Reed Kim - Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking the question. I was curious on the competitive landscape that came up a couple of questions ago, whether you look at comparative item pricing or market baskets or whatever you would call it, and how that fell out in the quarter when you compare yourself to say the mid-tier department store channel. What kind of a discount were you at?
Michael O'Sullivan: When we look at pricing, because when you walk into a Ross Store, there are just so many SKUs, what we try and do is we compare each individual SKU with where it’s available. So if it is sold in a department store, we make sure that we have a significant discount on that SKU versus where it can be purchased at a department store. But that’s the level at which we do that competitive pricing. We sort of make sure that our pricing is as compelling as possible. We don’t roll that up into one single number that I could share with you that would say it’s become less or more compelling. It’s just we make sure each individual SKU is in our store for a reason and the reason has to be that it’s a bargain, and if it isn’t, we won’t be buying it.  I’m not sure if that answers your question. 
Reed Kim - Merrill Lynch: No, that’s helpful. I guess just broadly, and I realize it’s a rough estimate, but comparing this past season to maybe ’06, do you think that there was some compression, given all the promotional activity going on in the mid-tier department store channel?
Michael A. Balmuth: Yeah, and there was some compression and fortunately when there is that much availability of product in the market, you are able to fight through the compression as we were able to. 
Reed Kim - Merrill Lynch: Okay, the other question I had was I was just curious, given the amount of new stores you’ve added, if there’s an estimate you can give us on the amount of additional boost to comps you got from just the new stores hitting the comp group in the quarter. 
John G. Call: No, it’d be too difficult to piece out like that. 
Reed Kim - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erik Mace from Basso Capital.
Erik Mace - Basso Capital: Thanks. Good morning. Just some follow-up questions on the micro merchandising. This kind of feels as though it’s round three or four in the effort to micro merchandising over the last eight or 10 years. I know that goes back a while but what -- I understand the bottom up cleaning process is somewhat different but what else gives you conviction in what’s changed and what’s new and how successful you’ll be this time around?
Michael O'Sullivan: It’s a good question, Erik. Actually, I agree with your point. I think this is -- if you think about the objective of micro merchandising, it’s to improve the assortments in our stores and I don’t think that’s a single action. I think it’s a series of steps that hopefully will help us to continuously improve our assortments in stores. So I won’t but I could go back historically and just describe the different steps that have happened to try and improve those regional assortments.  This particular step I think is an important one because we are, as you mentioned, putting in sort of a bottom up planning process, which should make the assortments that we present in each store more customized to that individual store.  Before we took the step of developing that capability, we did do sort of a proof of concept and simply put, what we did is we looked at some individual items and we allocated them using our old process. We planned and allocated them using our old process and then we planned and allocated them using this new process on a prototype basis.  And what we saw was not surprisingly, when you look at the trends in each individual store and you allocate to those trends, you actually do a better job of making sure that you send the right merchandise to the right store.  So the reason why we moved forward with this particular investment was we saw good results in the proof of concept. 
Erik Mace - Basso Capital: So as you look at this -- presumably this is a multi-year opportunity in terms of merchandise margin benefits. How do you size it out? I mean, is it tens of basis points, hundreds of basis points of opportunity in merchandise margin?
Michael O'Sullivan: That’s a very hard question but what we ended up doing was we -- we certainly saw enough to justify the investment, so we knew that this would be an investment that would have a return. But can I point to a number in terms of the impact on comp and the impact on margin and tell you it’s going to be exactly X? No, I can’t. I can tell you it’s going to more than cover its costs, which is why we’ve pushed ahead with it. 
Michael A. Balmuth: And we probably would be able to -- we’ll feel more comfortable if you’re asking questions like that after we’ve got a reasonable time [to store rollout] and -- 
Erik Mace - Basso Capital: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Morris from Wachovia. 
John Morris - Wachovia Securities: A follow-up question for John Call; John, tell us again the guidance for net interest, net interest expense for 2008 and also the first quarter?
John G. Call: Give me a minute, John, on the guidance question. I think actually it’s probably up on our website. I’d be more than happy to get back to you on that. I don’t have it at my fingertips. 
John Morris - Wachovia Securities: Okay. I think -- I was just looking on the notes, finding it here -- I think it was net interest expense of $2 million to $3 million in ’08 and again, no income or expense in Q1. And if it’s still that, I’m wondering with the kind of improvement we saw in actually getting net interest income benefit in Q4 from the significantly lower inventory levels, since the inventory is going to stay low or remain lower on a go-forward basis, I’m just wondering if that would have changed as well, that you would actually be seeing instead of net interest expense but actually net interest income in ’08 and would that flat number in the first quarter be the same?
John G. Call: Inventories, ours will be lower but there’s another couple of factors going in. We are taking our buy-back up $100 million, so you have to factor that in. Also, our CapEx is going up from $236 million to $250 million, so you factor those in and you come out with an interest number, something along the lines we had in the [inaudible]. 
John Morris - Wachovia Securities: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question is from William Keller from FTN Midwest.
William Keller - FTN Midwest Research: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just to go back to the micro merchandising for a moment, obviously going out over a few years, do you expect the benefit to roll out gradually as you increase how much you do in the store, or is there something that you are going to kind of flick the switch here in ‘010 and see a big improvement?
Michael O'Sullivan: Our expectation is it would be gradual. I won’t get into the underlying mechanics of the micro merchandising planning process, but even the mechanics of that mean that it will get better over time, so I think we expect the results to be gradual. 
William Keller - FTN Midwest Research: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Montagna from C.L. King. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Just a question about D&A; I’m a little confused. The guidance back on February 7th said $160 million versus 145 for ’07, but today’s release shows 121 of depreciation for ’07, so am I missing something? I just wanted to reconcile that. 
John G. Call: So there’s a couple of differences. Obviously our CapEx spending came down and we also have I think some -- in the D&A there’s restricted stock amortization you have to put in that number. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. 
John G. Call: Mark, we can work through that with you separately. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: All right. I’ll work on that offline. Do you have a year-end cash target that you are looking for?
John G. Call: Obviously we have a cash plan, would expect it to come down from where we were ending ’07 based on the factors I pointed out, given the increased stock buy-back and given the increased CapEx. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. All right, so you don’t want to share a more specific number?
John G. Call: Not on specific targets. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay, and then also just lastly, regarding the February comp, you were up 4%. Given the comments that you’ve made about the quality of inventory, would it be fair to say that the merchandise margin on that comp was pretty strong, considering I’m assuming it was pretty good spring selling as opposed to such an emphasis on clearance selling?
John G. Call: I would say February was pretty good. Inventories were well controlled. Having said that, February is the lowest volume month of that quarter and the second-lowest volume month of the year, so I wouldn’t lean on February too hard. I think we have to get through the calendar shift in Easter to really understand what trend is going to happen and where inventories are going to be. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: At this time, I’m showing no further questions. Are there any closing remarks?
Michael A. Balmuth: Thank you all for attending and have a very good day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Balmuth - CEO  Norman Ferber - Chairman  John Call – CFO  Michael O'Sullivan - CAO  Gary Cribb - COO  Kelly Loughnot - IR 
Analysts : Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley  Randy Konik - Bear Stearns  Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse  Brian Tunick – JP Morgan  Kimberly Greenberger - Citi  Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research  Mark Montagna - C.L. King  Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker  Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners  Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus  David Mann - Johnson Rice  Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group  Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers 
Operator: Welcome to the Ross Stores third quarter 2007 earningsrelease conference call. The call will begin with prepared comments by MichaelBalmuth -- Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer -- followed bya question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the callover to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer.
Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Joining me on our call today are NormanFerber, Chairman of the Board; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President and ChiefOperations Officer; Michael O'Sullivan, Executive Vice President and ChiefAdministrative Officer; John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief FinancialOfficer; and Katie Loughnot, Vice President of Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with a brief review of our third quarterperformance, followed by our outlook and guidance for the fourth quarter.Afterwards, we will be happy to respond to any questions you may have. Before we begin, I want to note that our comments on thiscall will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations aboutfuture growth and financial results, and other matters that are based onmanagement's current forecast of aspects of the company's future business.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks anduncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially fromhistorical results or current expectations. These risk factors are detailed intoday's press release and our fiscal 2006 Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, on file withthe SEC. Today we reported earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended November 3 2007 of $0.36, up 16%compared to $0.31 for the 13 weeks ended October 28 2006. Net earnings for the quarter were $48.7million compared to $43.9 million for the prior year period.  Sales for the 13 weeks ended November 3 2007 were $1.468 billion, up 8% over the thirdquarter of fiscal 2006. Comparable store sales for the third quarter of 2007grew 1% on top of a 4% gain in the prior-year period.  Earnings per share for the nine months ended November 3 2007 also rose 16% to$1.21 from $1.04 for the nine months ended October 28 2006. Year-to-date net earnings were $166.6million compared to $148.5 million for the prior-year period. Sales for the nine months ended November 3 2007 were $4.324 billion, up 9% over the prioryear. Comparable store sales year-to-date grew 1% on top of a 5% gain in thefirst nine months of 2006. Comparable store sales were within our forecastedrange for the third quarter, despite the challenging macroeconomic climate andunseasonably warm weather across the country in September and October. Geographic trends for the quarter were broad based. Thestrongest regions were the Northwest and Texas,where same-store sales grew in the mid single-digits; Californiacomparable store sales were flat. The best performing merchandise departmentsfor the quarter were dresses, home and shoes. Our third quarter operating margin increased about 15 basispoints. Total gross margin, inclusive of buying and distribution costs,expanded by about 45 basis points, partially offset by a 30 basis pointincrease in selling, general and administrative costs. Merchandise gross marginfor the third quarter was better than expected and relatively flat to last year,even with same-store sales that were below forecast in September and October.These results benefited from the steps we took at the beginning of the quarterto lower inventories and drive faster in-store turns, which gained traction aswe moved through the period. We also completed our annual physical inventory of storesduring the quarter with our shrink results showing a slight improvement overthe amount we had reserved for. We estimate that better than planned shortageadded about $0.01 in earnings per share to our third quarter results.  Cost of goods sold in the quarter also benefited from a 25basis point decline in distribution expenses, due mainly to improveproductivity. Other favorable operating margin trends included a slightimprovement in freight costs and tight control of corporate expenses.  These positive results were partially offset by an increasein occupancy and store costs as a percent of sales, driven mainly by higher pre-openingrent compared to the prior year; an increase in the minimum wage; and adeleveraging effect of the 1% increase in comparable store sales during theperiod. As we ended the third quarter, total consolidatedinventories were up about 5% over the prior year. This was mainly a result ofthe growth in new stores, partially offset by average in-store inventories thatwere down about 9% from the prior year at the end of the period.  Packaway was about 30% of total inventories, compared to 31%in the prior year. With respect to store openings, we added 24 new Rosslocations during the quarter and a net 70 year-to-date, for a total of 841stores in 27 states. We also opened seven dd's DISCOUNTS in the quarter for 26new locations in 2007. We now have a total of 52 dd's DISCOUNTS in California,Florida, Texasand Arizona.  The original 26 dd's locations are all in California.These stores generated solid comparable sales gains during the first ninemonths of the year that were in line with plan. However, we are disappointedwith the overall sales performance of the new dd's stores that we opened in 2007. Although these new locations are subject to the same macro economicconcerns that are impacting most retailers today, they should be operating at ahigher level. We are performing an in depth analysis of these new locations,including their merchandise assortments, demographics and competitivepositioning to gain a better understanding of the factors impacting thesestores. For 2007, we expect a drag to pre-tax earnings from dd's DISCOUNTS tobe about 40 basis points. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flows, as we ended thequarter they remained strong and healthy. We ended the third quarter with $158million in cash and short-term investments, and $150 million in long-term debt. We continued to return capital to stockholders through bothour repurchase and dividend programs. During the first nine months of 2007, werepurchased 5 million shares of common stock for an aggregate of $153 million. Weexpect to complete by year end the remaining $47 million authorization underour two-year, $400 million program authorized by our board of directors. Weended the third quarter with 135.5 million shares of common stock issued andoutstanding. Now let's talk about the fourth quarter. For the 13 weeksending February 2, 2008 wecontinue to project same-store sales gains of 1% to 3%. We believe this remainsa reasonable target for a number of reasons: First, we are up against the easiest comparison of the year.For the first nine months of 2007, we were growing on top of a 5% increase forthe year-to-date period in 2006. In thefourth quarter, we are up against only a 1% gain in the prior year. Second, as mainstream retailers have been pulling back andbecoming more conservative on their inventories, our improved liquidity hasenabled us to take advantage of an abundance of great buying opportunities inthe marketplace. This has allowed us to fill our stores with a wide assortmentof terrific name-brand bargains. Third, the businesses that are doing well for us this year,in particular home and the other gift-giving categories, become more importantin the fourth quarter. With our same-store sales target unchanged, we continue toproject earnings per share for the period in the range of $0.62 to $0.68. Basedon these projections, earnings per share for the fiscal year ending February 2, 2008 are forecast to be inthe range of $1.83 to $1.89. This compares to $0.66 and $1.70 of earnings pershare for the 2006 fourth quarter and fiscal year respectively. Last year's fourth quarter and fiscal year results includedan income equivalent to about $0.07 per share related to the 53rd week infiscal 2006. On a comparable 52-week basis, our updated annual forecast for2007 represents earnings per share growth of 12% to 16% over the prior year. The operating statement assumptions that support our fourth quartertargets include: To sum up, we are entering the important holiday seasondefensively postured with lean inventories, tight expense controls andcompelling bargains in our stores. In addition, the flexibility of our valuefocused business model enabled us to manage through more challenging economicclimates with less volatility than full-price retailers. We can buy closer toneed and with our liquid open to buy position, take advantage of the increasedamounts of great closeouts in the market. So although the retail climate willlikely be highly competitive this holiday season, we strongly believe that ourstores will remain attractive destinations for our customers' holiday shoppingneeds. At this point, we would like to open up the call and respondto any questions you might have.
Operator: Your first question comes from Michelle Clark - MorganStanley.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Can you break out the components of gross margin expansionby basis point contribution during the third quarter?  Secondly, I know with dd's you said you were doing anin-depth study, but the underperformance there has been going on for severalquarters. If you can just comment on specifically why you think you are seeinga slower than expected ramp there, that would be helpful. 
John Call: I'll take the first part related to the components of grossmargin. As Michael mentioned in the prepared comments, EBIT margin levered by15 basis points and gross margin levered by 45 basis points, the components ofwhich were merchandise margin was flat, slightly below planned sales; freightlevered by about 10 basis points; the DCs actually had about 25 basis points ofimprovement due to productivity gains; and, we had lower buying costs whichinclude incentive plan costs and equity compensation expense of about 40 basispoints. Those pluses were offset by a deleverage in store occupancy of about 30basis points. So as I mentioned, margin levered by 45 basis points. On the G&A line, store costs delevered by about 65 basispoints, offset by leverage on corporate and back office expenses of about 35basis points, so G&A delevered by 30. As I said, EBIT levered by about 15basis points.
Michael O’Sullivan: Michelle, your second question was about dd's. Actually I willbreak dd's out. The dd's comp store performance this year -- basically storesthat we'd opened prior to 2007 -- have actually performed pretty well, in linewith our expectations.  The dd's new stores which I want to be a bit cautious,they've been opened for less than five months, on average. But given that,their performance has been mixed, lower than our expectations. We are tearingapart the different aspects of that. We are looking at real estate locations interms of demographics and maybe non-demographic issues; we're looking at merchandiseassortments in those stores; and we are looking at any competitive issues thatthere might be in those stores to try and get to the bottom of thatunderperformance in those new stores.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: How many of the dd's stores are in new markets for you? 
John Call: of the 26 dd's stores we opened, about 16 are in newermarkets; those being Arizona, Texasand Florida. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Randy Konik - Bear Stearns.
Randy Konik - Bear Stearns: Can you just give us the ticket and traffic that contributedto your 3Q comp? Thinking about your 4Q comp guidance, can you just give usyour assumption for ticket and traffic? 
John Call: On ticket and traffic actually one comp in the quarter wasall traffic driven. Our average basket was about flat. Those numbers remainpretty constant in our business. We'd expect the same in the fourth quarter.
Randy Konik - Bear Stearns: On the question about your packaway levels, they were tickeddown year over year, I think you said 30%. With the department stores gettingmore promotional and having more inventory, heading into '08 given that itsounds like the retail environment is getting more challenging, how should wethink about your level of packaways going forward?
Michael Balmuth:  I think the buyingopportunities have been very good. I think we will have to wait a little longerbut I would think it wouldn't be much greater than our norm, but probably alittle higher.
Randy Konik - Bear Stearns: Following up on the first question regarding dd's, itsounded like you're unhappy with the stores opened in 2007, 16 of the 26 in new markets. If we go back acouple of years with the Ross Stores having some trouble in the new markets,can you give us a sense of any differences you see with the new market problemswith dd's versus the new market problems you had had in the past with Ross? How do you think about your long-term real estate growthstrategy into new markets for the two concepts, recognizing you haven't goneinto new markets with Ross lately? When do you go back into new markets withRoss? Is anything changing there?
Michael O’Sullivan: On the dd's piece of that, frankly it's a little bit early.We're trying to diagnose the performance in those new stores now. Are similaritieswith Ross' experience in new markets? There may well be, but we don't know atthis point. We need to get through that diagnosis first.  There was a second part to your question. Could you justrepeat that?
Randy Konik - Bear Stearns: Just in thinking about the two concepts having some troublein the new markets, does this change the way you think about your real estategrowth strategy for the two concepts into new markets?
Michael O’Sullivan:  It's a fair question.I think to be honest, once we've gotten through the diagnosis of the new dd's stores,if there are lessons from that for Ross, then we will certainly follow those, butit's a little early right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: A question on gross margin. Could you remind us what grossmargins look like in home versus apparel? Even within the categories, I'm justwondering what is happening to the gross margin in home products this yearversus last year and the same, apparel versus apparel last year?
Michael O’Sullivan:  I'd say home marginsare slightly higher than apparel and home margins are holding fine. Apparel, it'sbeen a little more difficult margin year.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Out of the 26 stores dd's opened this year, how many ofthose were Albertson’s locations?
John Call:  Of those 26 stores,22 were Albertson’s locations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Tunick - JP Morgan.
 Brian Tunick - JP Morgan: Michael, a lot of fear out there, obviously, given your realestate concentration in Californiaand Florida. Are you doinganything there either offensively or defensively from a marketing perspectiveor store payroll? Maybe if you could just talk about Californiaand Florida, which really seemsto be the market that is suffering? Is there any reason to assume that there wouldn't be anothershare repurchase program? Obviously you've reloaded several times as wefinished this one. On the merchandise margin comment you just made on apparel,obviously your major competitor sounds like they are getting huge margin gainson apparel so we're just trying to figure out why you’re not there?
Michael Balmuth:  In terms ofmarketing, we have a marketing program we are very comfortable with across thechain and we look at it continually for spend by market. Frankly, Californiaand Florida, we're not doinganything that unique for marketing. We're expending our efforts really more onmerchandising within the four walls and operations within the four walls. On the share repurchase, we look at it every year at the endof the year with our board of directors and we will do the same this year.  Apparel margin for us versus our direct competitors,obviously I don't know the components of their margins and exactly how they aredoing. I think our difficulties in margin or our slight erosion in margin inapparel is really more related to what's going on in the industry this year,which I think apparel is having a difficult time. We've made some changes toour strategies and our organization in apparel this year.  So it is a combination of things that led us to have a moredifficult year in apparel.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger - Citi.
KimberlyGreenberger - Citi: John, I was hoping you could give us the basis pointsassociated with the better than plan shrink results? I would assume that wouldbe in your merchandise margin for the quarter. Is that correct?
John Call:  That is correct,Kimberly. So as Michael mentioned in the prepared comments, shrink was betterby about a penny from expectations. We have actually lowered our reservesomewhat throughout the year, so on an apples-to-apples basis in the thirdquarter, it was relatively flat. We took some of that benefit in Q1 and Q2.
KimberlyGreenberger - Citi: So the penny better flowed through Q1 and Q2, not Q3?
John Call: The penny better was relative to expectations, not relativeto the comparable in Q3 last year. So the level of improvement year over yearwas flat versus '06 to '07. So we improved in '06, we also improved in '07. Lastyear was actually on a year-to-date basis, it benefited by about $0.02.
KimberlyGreenberger - Citi: Could you just remind us what comp you need in order to holdSG&A flat as a percentage of sales?
John Call: When we look at leverage points, we are really looking atour EBIT margins and what we've said is at about a 3% comp we should get about30 basis points of leverage on that comp. Because store payroll is in theG&A line and those average store volumes have been flat over the pastcouple of years. We think of our leverage points not necessarily G&A, butin total.
KimberlyGreenberger - Citi: Also, can you just remind us when do we anniversary thehigher pre-opening rent expenses? Is that done here in the third quarter?  Secondarily, when do we anniversary the increases in minimumwage in your wage base? 
John Call: In the wage base, we have a bit more of minimum wage thisyear coming out of California. I think last year it was $0.75 an hour, thisyear it is another $0.50 an hour. So there will be a bit of that this year.  The first part of your question, Kimberly, was?
KimberlyGreenberger - Citi:  The higher pre-openingrent that you referenced and the 30 basis point increase in occupancy, is thatdone this quarter here in 3Q or does that continue into 4Q as well?
John Call:  No we won't open manystores in the fourth quarter so we are done with that this year based on thehigher level of preopening expense.
KimberlyGreenberger - Citi: And that should actually go down in '08 because of feweropenings relative to '07? Is that correct?
John Call: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: Could you help us with some guidance on merchandise marginexpectation for Q4?
John Call: Relative to the quarter, Rob, our practice is to really talkabout what our EBIT margins are going to look like. As Michael mentioned onguidance, depending on where we come out in comp on the low end we wouldprobably be flat to down operating margin by about 25 basis points. If we do a3%, we should be up around 25, 30 basis points. That is where I'd leave it.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research:  Last quarter you didsuggest that there is a promotional environment and you thought thatmerchandise margins would be challenged in Q3. I'm just wondering if you couldgive us some update there?
John Call: Our expectation is that the holidays will be challenging. Inresponse to that, in response to where markdowns were the first part of theyear, we took some quick action on inventory levels and inventory on an averagestore basis was down 9% in October. So as we roll through the fourth quarter,we'd expect our inventory balances to be defensively positioned and down in themid to high single-digit levels which should help us preserve margin.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: John, I believe last quarter you guided to $1 million ofinterest expense. I wondered what happened in Q3? Why was that lower?
John Call:  We had some delays inCapEx spending so relative to our plan, I think there was about $30 million ofCapEx that didn't occur as planned in the third quarter and it looks like thatwill probably flip over into next year as opposed to the fourth quarter aswell.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research: What is your capital expenditure expectation for this year?
John Call: We're looking right now at about between $250 million and$260 million. As we came into the year, we thought it would be more like $290million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Montagna - C.L. King.
Mark Montagna - C.L. King: A question regarding dd's. It sounds like this year's classof stores is underperforming. If you look at the same time period of theinitial nine months or so of your original stores that you opened in Californiaback in '04 and say '05, how does this performance compare to that? Were thosealso underperforming in your expectations?
Michael O’Sullivan:  That is one of thethings that we're looking at as part of the diagnosis just to compare the rampof those original dd's stores with these new dd's stores. Our hypothesis isthat with the first group of dd's stores, it actually took a little while tofigure out the customer and to make adjustments to the merchandise. We don'tthink that is the key driver this time around but anyways, we will look at thatas part of the diagnosis that we're doing.
Mark Montagna - C.L. King:  So it sounds likethese stores are experiencing a similar ramp as what you had experiencedpreviously? Is that fair?
Michael O’Sullivan:  To the original dd'sstores, is that what you mean?
Mark Montagna - C.L. King:  Yes.
Michael O’Sullivan:  No. These stores areweaker.
Mark Montagna - C.L. King: Could you tell us what your year-to-date comp is for California,Texas and Floridaand what percentage of the stores are in each of those states and then whatpercentage of the sales come from each of those states, excluding dd's?
John Call:  So relative toyear-to-date comps in Californiaare up 1%.What was the following question? I'm sorry.
Mark Montagna - C.L. King:  Can you break it outwith California, Texasand Florida?
John Call: Texas was up 1%as well; Florida was down 2% on ayear-to-date basis, Californiawas up 1%.
Mark Montagna - C.L. King: What percent of the stores are in each of those states?
John Call: About 23% of the stores are in California;11% are in Florida; and I don'thave Texas off the top of myhead. A little bit more than that.
Mark Montagna - C.L. King: What percent of sales would be in each of those states?
John Call:  In California,the sales are a little bit north of the total store count, 30% or so. Floridais probably similar to the store count, 11%, something like that. Texasis probably 12% to 13%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marni Shapiro - RetailTracker.
Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker: We know there is a lot of inventory out there in apparel andin certain segments, obviously, and in home. I was curious if you are seeing good qualityand good consistency in inventory as well in accessories, kids and dresses andsome of the smaller segments that have done a little bit better? If you could also just remind me, you guys typically don'topen stores in the fourth quarter. If you could just remind me what your fourthquarter real estate plan is and any insights as to what the plans are for '08at this point?
Michael Balmuth:  On the supply issueeven though accessories and dresses and to a lesser degree, kids, have beenbetter businesses nationally than ladies apparel. There is plenty of supply outthere at all different price lines.
John Call:  On the fourth quarterstore build, our practice is typically not to open stores during the fourthquarter. It's not going to change this year. Having said that, at the end ofthe year, we always look and prune our portfolio and so we will close a handfulof stores.
Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker: Any insight into '08 at this point?
John Call: We're actively working on that now. We will come out withthe January sales release on guidance for '08.
Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker:  Great, guys. Goodluck for the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick McKeever - AvondalePartners.
Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners: John, could you remind us of the prior plan for the marginhit from dd's that was expected this year? Was it 35 basis points?
John Call:  Yes, that is where wewere tracking. As Michael mentioned in his speech, it tracks more around 40basis points now.
Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners:  So there was maybe aslight deterioration in the third quarter versus where things were in thesecond quarter?
John Call:  That is correct.
Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners: That is what you are trying to pinpoint, that you are sayingyou are just not there yet in terms of pinpointing what is going on?
John Call:  It is a little earlyand we understand obviously they didn't come out of the box like we expectedand we are diving into it. 
Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners: Why do you think it's not the macro environment, just giventhe lower income customer base and gas prices and all these other things thatare out there that are hurting the spending power of lower income consumers?
Michael O’Sullivan:  We think that may bea part of it, but it certainly doesn't explain the bulk of it. The dd's compstores, remember we do have 26 stores that we came into the year with; theyhave actually done just fine. Those are all in Californiaso if that factor that you described was a big driver, I think we would haveseen it in those stores as well.
Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners:  Sure, that makessense. I know you gave November guidancefor 2% to 4% same-store sales growth, but we've got some important days hereahead of us. Could you comment on the month-to-date trend? It sounds likeyou've seen a pick up versus where things were in October?
John Call: Patrick, again, our practice is to report sales at the endof the month. I would just reiterate the fact that we have November planned at2% to 4%; December planned at flat to 2%; and January 1% to 3%. I will leave it at that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Jaffe - StifelNicolaus.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: A question on packaway, your outlook for packaway, with thevalues and the opportunities in the marketplace, do you see packaway becoming aless important part of your strategy as you seek to maintain more liquidity?  If you could also comment on the days merchandise remains inpackaway?
Michael Balmuth: Packaway will become slightly more important to our strategydepending on buying opportunities. If the buying opportunities continue to beas strong as they look right now, they will be a little more important to us andwe will be better positioned for '08. That will always have a flexibilityfactor, based on the availability. We will be more liquid, we will be doingprobably less goods upfront and we will be buying closer in so we will beholding back dollars all along. Days in packaway, I haven't seen it grow at all. In fact, itis probably a little less the way we are running our inventory, it is probablya little tighter today. But I don't have an exact number with me.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: I've seen the speedier turn, I was wondering if it hadaccelerated? Could you ballpark where you think it might be?
Michael Balmuth: I wouldn't want to ballpark it but I would expect it to bespeedier. I think we could get back to you with that.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: A follow-on with the shrink. If it was $0.01 a share, I'massuming though that it could really impact your gross margin? I wasn't clear on that.
John Call:  That is correct, itdid impact gross margin.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: What was the basis point impact of that?
John Call: Relative to where it was -- and again, that was versus expectation orwhat we had dialed into the guidance. Relative to last year the improvement wassimilar, so there was no real pick up from a basis point standpoint in margin.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: It was just against your internal plan?
John Call:  That is correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Mann - Johnson Rice.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: On the last conference call, you talked a little bit aboutsome changes you'd made in Florida.Can you just give a sense on if you are seeing any traction to some of thosechanges?
Gary Cribb: We talked a lot about what we were doing operationally in Floridaand I would say that we are seeing traction from a staffing perspective. Themarket has stabilized. I think storeconditions; inventory levels, the shortage that we experienced there arefalling back in line with our expectations. So overall, I would sayoperationally we are seeing the traction that we anticipated.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: Even though you are probably seeing a lower comp, are youseeing improved profitability in Floridayet?
John Call:  I would say althoughthe comp drove the chain, the contribution margin is improving. Not to where wewant it to be, but improving.
Michael Balmuth:  Dave, I think thetrue test in Florida will be withhow we do in the fourth quarter. It will be in both the contribution and salesperformance and the metrics we look at operationally. So far, we are seeing itmoving in the right direction.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey - Telsey AdvisoryGroup.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Can you talk a little bit about the direction of the productin the core Ross Stores? Anything of the more trend-right product that you hadwanted to get into the assortment? What categories? How is it progressing, andtiming? Thank you.
Gary Cribb: We are seeing progress in most of the areas, so we seeprogress in accessories, men's and home certainly continues to be a very strongperformer. We see it in dresses. But in the rest of ladies apparel, it iscoming a little slower. Part of that is the weakness in the industry, part ofthat is internal and we are working through that. But by and large, exclusiveof all ladies except dresses, we are very happy with the progress we aremaking.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers.
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: On the dresses, how important do dresses really become,John, in 2Q and in 3Q as a percent of your overall mix?
John Call:  In which quarters?
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers:  In the last couple ofquarters. It has been a standout category. How important is it over last yearin terms of percent of mix?
Michael Balmuth:  I don't know if wehave that exact number handy, but I would tell you the comps have been in the20% range. Dresses as we move forward into spring becomes an enormous businessas a percent of total, so that is really the big upside here.
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: So you think the dress trends continue into spring, is thebottom line?
Michael Balmuth: Absolutely.
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: On the CapEx, John, what is the difference? What did youdefer this year, what is the $30 million that we're talking about next year?
John Call: Related to some distribution center network improvements, aland purchase and some build outs we delayed a bit.
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: Speaking of the DC, I know you had the Moreno Valley DC andyou had some freight improvements. Was that related to the DC coming online?
John Call:  No, the freightimprovements really related to expectations of where fuel was going to beversus last year. I think last year was $2.82 a gallon for diesel; this yearwe're at $2.89. I think that, although it didn't spike like we had anticipated,there were some improvements in cubing out trailers, et cetera, that we focusedon.
John Call:  Based on your dressquestion, it's probably around mid single-digits as a percent of contributionof the total.
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: One final one. On dd's, with the DC locked down presumablythat's to have more growth. Have you locked in new leases for '08? Are we goingto see dd's grow to the degree that we saw it grow this year? Is it safe to saywe're going to take a wait and see approach on that one?
John Call: We are looking at that currently. In January or actually thefirst week in February when we come out with the guidance, we will be able togive you a lot clearer picture on what dd's is going to do.
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: Care to share anything with us in terms of what you'velocked down in dd's leases though now since you presumably have those?
John Call:  Not at this point. Iwill say we don't have an Albertson’s waiting in the wings.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger - Citi.
KimberlyGreenberger - Citi: I know that you are not giving official new store openingguidance for 2008, but as you are going through your planning process rightnow, are you re-thinking the way that you are approaching dd's growth untilyou're able to accurately diagnose what is going on there?
John Call:  Restate the question,Kimberly?
KimberlyGreenberger - Citi:  I know you are notgiving official new store opening guidance for '08 yet. I think you said you werein the middle of the planning process around that. As you are trying todiagnose the issues at dd's on the new store openings here in '07, would you bemore inclined to slow the growth at dd's until you come up with a real actionplan for how to address those issues?
Michael Balmuth:  Actually what I wouldsay is that we are going through an in-depth analysis, as we've said. We areconservative people by nature. That is as far as I think I would go. We arecertainly aware of how we are performing.
Operator: There appear to be no further questions at this time.
Michael Balmuth: Have a very good day and a good holiday season.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-22 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Michael Balmuth - Vice Chairman, President, CEO   John Call – CFO   Michael O'Sullivan - CAO   Gary Cribb - COO   Kelly Loughnot - IR 
Analysts: Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley   Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers   Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray   Brian Tunick - JPMorgan   Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup   Mark Montagna - C.L. King   Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse   David Mann - Johnson Rice   Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners   Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group   Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker   Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group   Rob Schwartz - JL Advisors   William Keller - FTN Midwest 
Operator: Welcome to the Ross Stores second quarter 2007 earnings release conference call. The call will begin with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the call over to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer; Michael O'Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer; John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Katie Loughnot, Vice President of Investor Relations.  We will begin our call today with a brief review of our second quarter performance followed by our outlook and guidance for the back half of 2007. Afterwards, we will be happy to respond to any questions you may have.  Before we begin, I want to note that our comments in this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on management's current forecast of aspects of the company's future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results or current expectations. These risk factors are detailed in today's press release and our fiscal 2006 Form 10-K on file with the SEC.  Today, we reported earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended August 4 2007 of $0.37, up 16% compared to $0.32 for the 13 weeks ended July 29 2006. Net earnings for the quarter were $50.9 million compared to $45.4 million for the prior year period. Sales for the 13 weeks ended August 4, 2007 were $1.445 billion, up 10% over the second quarter of fiscal 2006. Comparable store sales for the second quarter of 2007 grew 2% on top of a 4% gain in the prior year period.  Earnings per share for the six months ended August 4 2007 rose 16% to $0.85 from $0.73 for the six months ended July 29, 2006. Year-to-date net earnings were $117.9 million compared to $104.6 million for the prior year period. Sales for the six months ended August 4, 2007 were $2.855 billion, up 10% over the prior year. Comparable store sales year to date grew 1% on top of a 5% gain in the first half of 2006.  The strongest regions during the quarter were the Northwest and Mid-Atlantic with same-store sales gains in the high single and mid single-digits respectively. California comparable store sales rose 2% while Florida trailed the chain with a low single-digit decline versus last year. The best-performing merchandise departments were dresses with comparable store sales gains of more than 20% and home with high single-digits percentage increases.  Operating margin for the quarter grew by about 20 basis points to 5.8% driven by a 20 basis point improvement in selling, general and administrative expenses. Cost of goods sold as a percent of sales was unchanged from the prior year. Second quarter merchandise gross margin increased about 10 basis points over the prior year benefiting mainly from a lower shrink accrual.  Although merchant margin was flat, markdowns were higher than planned. As we noted in early May, we entered the second quarter with a higher clearance level due to the sales shortfall in April. While selling store inventories throughout the quarter were down from last year, we now believe there are opportunities for additional reductions in inventory levels to drive faster turns and improve markdown activity going forward.  Higher distribution expenses in the quarter were offset by improved occupancy costs as a percent of sales. Occupancy benefited mainly from a lower than planned pre-opening rent expense for some of our new locations. The increase in distribution costs during the period was due to a timing issue related to packaway levels and actual productivity improved during the quarter. We expect the packaway timing issue to reverse in the third quarter and remain on track to achieve about a 10 basis point decline in distribution costs for fiscal 2007. This expected improvement is on top of a 35 basis point reduction in 2006.  Favorable year-over-year trends in general and administrative expenses more than offset higher store operating costs that are being driven mainly by minimum wage increases. General and administrative costs during the quarter benefited from a combination of strict expense control on corporate overhead, insurance proceeds related to a fire loss at one of our stores and lower legal expenses compared to the prior year.  As we entered the second quarter, total consolidated inventories were up about 12% driven mainly by the growth in new stores. Packaway was about 34% of total inventories at the end of the period compared to 38% in the prior year. Average in-store levels were down about 1% from the prior year at quarter end. As previously mentioned, we are planning further reductions in selling store inventories, which are now forecast to be down in the mid single-digit percentage range for the back half of the year compared to the same period in 2006.  We remain on track with our expansion plans. We added 21 net new Ross locations during the quarter and 46 year-to-date for an updated total of 817 stores in 27 states. We also are on schedule with our plan to double the number of dd's DISCOUNTS locations this year. We opened 11 dd's in the second quarter for 19 new locations year to date. This growth included entry into Texas and expansion in California and Florida. With 45 dd's now, we are on track to reach our goal of 52 stores in four states by the end of the year. Same-store sales gains at dd's during the first six months of the year were in line with plan. However, some of the new dd's locations that we opened earlier this year are ramping at a slower than expected pace. We believe that their performance will improve as we build recognition and market presence in these new communities.  Turning to our balance sheet and cash flows, as we ended the first half of the year, they remain strong and healthy. We ended the second quarter with $164 million in cash and short-term investments and $150 million in long-term debt. We continue to return capital to stockholders through both our repurchase and dividend programs. During the first six months of 2007, we repurchased 3.1 million shares of common stock for an aggregate of $101 million. By the end of 2007, we expect to complete the remaining $99 million authorization under our two year $400 million program authorized by our board of directors. We ended the second quarter with 137.3 million shares of common stock issued and outstanding.  Now let's turn our outlook to the back half of the year. As we mentioned on our first quarter conference call, we continue to pursue a number of merchandising initiatives for the fall season. The objective is to reinvigorate our core misses and men's assortment with a younger, fresher focus while strengthening the overall mix with a wider range of highly recognizable brands. In addition, we see opportunities to strengthen our accessories department with an updated mix of labels, especially in the handbag category. We also are working to expand and improve our fine jewelry assortment and other gift-giving merchandise throughout the store. While we believe these initiatives will gain traction as we move through the fall season, it is difficult to forecast their benefit in what may become a more competitive retail climate.  Although our outlook for the year is still for respectable growth, we are reducing slightly our estimates for the second half given the risk posed by macro economic factors, recent results and projections from other retailers, plus our own sales trend that slowed versus planned beginning in mid July. Although we hope to perform better in light of these issues, we believe it is prudent to manage our business with somewhat more conservative sales and margin assumptions for the balance of the year. For the 13 weeks ended November 3, 2007, we have reduced our previous forecast for a 3% to 4% increase in same-store sales to 1% to 3%. Earnings per share for the third quarter are projected to be in the range of $0.33 to $0.37.  The assumptions that support these targets include: total sales are expected to grow about 9% to 11% for the third quarter of 2007 compared to the third quarter ended October 28 2006. We are forecasting about 31 net new stores during the period, including 24 Ross Dress for Less locations and seven dd's DISCOUNTS. Our new stores in 2007 are scheduled to open in October compared to September last year. We estimate that the sales tax holiday shift in Florida and Texas will benefit August comparable sales by about 1%, so we are planning comparable store sales on a day-for-day basis versus the prior year to be up 2% to 4% in August and up 1% to 3% in both September and October.  Operating margin is expected to be in the range of 5% to 5.5% compared to 5.2% in the prior year period. This range assumes pressure on gross margin from higher clearance inventory as we enter the third quarter along with the potential for a more challenging retail environment during the period. As a reminder, we are getting ready to take a chainwide full physical inventory in September. Last year, the third quarter benefited by about $0.02 from the true-up to the shrink reserve based on the inventory results. Our current earnings forecast assumes no improvement in shrink results from this year's inventory. However, we believe that our continued focus on shortage control may contribute to some incremental improvement in the third quarter.  Interest expense is expected to be about $1 million. Our tax rate is expected to be about 38% and we estimate weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about 137.5 million. We have also lowered somewhat our same-store sales forecast for the fourth quarter ending February 2 2008 from 3% to 4% to an updated target of 1% to 3%. In addition, we are projecting earnings per share to be in the range of $0.62 to $0.68 compared to $0.66 in last year's fourth quarter. It is important to remember that last year's results included income equivalent to about $0.07 per share related to the 53rd week in 2006.  To sum up, even though it appeared that economic and competitive issues could affect the back half of the year, we remain on track to generate respectable earnings per share gains in 2007. Based on our updated quarterly forecast, we are projecting double-digit earnings per share growth of 10% to 17% this year on a 52-week basis for a targeted range of $1.80 to $1.90. This compares to our original guidance issued at the beginning of 2007 of $1.85 to $1.95. We believe our somewhat more conservative sales and gross margin assumption positions us defensively in what could become a more competitive second half without limiting our ability to hopefully deliver better results.  In addition, as mentioned earlier, we expect that our recent merchandise initiatives will begin to take hold as we move through the back half and into 2008. Finally, we also benefit in tougher retail climates from increased opportunities for terrific buys on a wide array of attractive name brand fashions for the family and the home. As always, our ongoing focus and top priority will be offering customers a consistent flow of fresh and exciting bargains each and every day. We remain convinced that this basic tenet of our business is the key to maximizing our prospects for both short and long-term growth and profitability.  At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: Your first question comes from Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley. 
 Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: First, can you breakdown the components of gross margin by basis point contribution during the second quarter?  Second, can you comment on what you are seeing in terms of August sales trends? Have you seen any pick-up relative to July?  Third, if you could just touch upon the performance at those dd's locations, what do you think is causing the slower than expected ramp? Thank you. 
 John Call:  I will take the first piece on the gross margin components. As Michael said in the prepared remarks, merchandise margin was flat, although we did benefit 10 basis points from a lower shrink accrual. We also had occupancy leverage due to lower pre-opening ramp than we anticipated on the Albertsons conversion. That was about 20 basis points on the plus side. We also levered buying comps by about 10 basis points. The offsets to those pluses were our freight costs were 20 basis points to the bad, a continuation of our first quarter trend. As we look to the back half, we will anniversary those higher freight costs, so we won't have that drag in the third and fourth quarters.  Also as Michael mentioned, the distribution centers delevered by about 20 basis points and that really relates to a certain packaway carrying cost that follow those goods through to when they sell. Our packaway levels were down from our first quarter to second quarter. Therefore, we got a little bit of a hit the P&L. That is merely a timing issue. We expect that to reverse in the third quarter as well. So for the year, we expect the DCs to still be on plan to deliver about 10 basis points of improvement on top of the 35 basis points we got last year. And Michelle, what was your second question? 
 Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley:  The second question was on August sales and traffic trends. Have you seen any signs of a pick-up relative to the weakness in the back half of July? 
 John Call: As Michael mentioned in the comments, we expect August comps to come in about 2% to 4%. As we mentioned, in the first part of the year, we don't comment on minimum sales trends. We will give you more color on that when we report sales for August. 
 Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: The third question on dd's stores, if you can just comment on specifically why you think you are seeing a slower than expected ramp there? 
 Michael O’Sullivan: On dd's, it is important to separate out the comp stores from the new stores. The 26 comp stores are actually performing pretty well, pretty close to plan, so we are happy with those. The new stores, which is what Michael was referencing in his remarks, to be honest, he is referring to the March opening group where we had eight new dd's stores open and we had mixed results among those eight stores, but I think it is important to remember it is only eight stores and they have only been open for five months. So we are diagnosing the performance of those stores, but I don't think there is any clear pattern at this point. Michael was just flagging the fact that the performance had been a little mixed. 
 Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley:  But they are in newer markets for you guys, is that correct? We will continue to see dd's openings in new markets through the rest of this year? 
 Michael O’Sullivan:  Yes, of the eight, two were in new markets. So it is not that all eight were in new markets and that is the pattern. It was only two stores, so I wouldn't draw too much of a conclusion from that. Yes, throughout the remainder of the year, we will be opening additional new stores in additional new markets and indeed we did open additional dd's stores in June and July, but frankly those stores have only been open a few weeks, so I wouldn't comment on their performance at all. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers. 
 Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: Michael, a question on just the overall comp guidance. What do your comps assume going forward from California and Florida and are we seeing any weakness specifically in California that would lead you to lower that comp rate?  Secondly, is there anything in traffic conversion overall that you are getting a clue on now that makes you want to pull the trigger and lower the comp guidance here? Thanks. 
 Gary Cribb: When we look at California and Florida, we separate the two. California is performing slightly better than the company today. Florida, as Michael noted in his comments, continues to trail the chain in the minus low single-digit area and we have seen that trend for a while now.  Your second question was on conversion? 
 Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers:  The second question is the overall traffic trends. I mean Florida has been weak. We know that. You know that. Has California now joined Florida for weakness and do we have anything alarming across the rest of the chain either in the Southeast, Mid-Atlantic that would lead us to lower the comps? I mean you did point out you think things are getting weak, but you didn't really nail down where and why. 
 Gary Cribb: We aren't seeing anything alarming in California. Florida has continued on its trend. Part of our conservative outlook is just there is a lot of uncertainty as it relates to the economic markets and a lot of our fellow retailers have had negative projections for the back half, but we are hopeful that we will do better. I think we are just taking the prudent conservative posture. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray. 
 Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray:  Yes, two quick questions. One on the home category. This has been noted as an area of strength for you for several months. It has also been noted by many other retailers in department stores. Any opportunities for you to chase expanded assortments within home or what categories specifically represents opportunity now going into the second half?  The second one is on Florida. With the weakness there, likely some of it being the housing market-driven consumer sentiment changes in spending, do you have opportunities to go in and do some stepped-up level of marketing or any special event marketing to try to take the opportunity to deliver more value to some of these consumers? 
Michael Balmuth: Relative to home, given the softness other retailers have, you use the word chase, there are opportunities, maybe more so than normal in the market there. That is fairly broad-based within the home business and that is a good thing for us. On the second part of the home question, the opportunities we have isolated are really much more in the gift giving part of home and we have a much stronger position in those for the holiday period.  Relative to marketing, specifically for Florida, we have a focus at our company and it is really more on improved assortments and tailoring our assortments to what we think the customer wants and putting the best bargains out. We probably wouldn't take a marketing advantage down there. We would look specifically for merchandising opportunities that were more sustained in the area as opposed to just increasing marketing to drive our business. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brian Tunick – JP Morgan. 
 Brian Tunick - JP Morgan: Michael, your comments on the competitive landscape, does that mean that the competition is in the buy of the goods out there or more on the promotional cadence, that delta that we always talk about between you guys and the department stores?  Secondly, maybe just update us as usual on the micro-merchandising rollout and sort of where are we in that timing? 
Michael Balmuth:  Could you elaborate on the first question? 
 Brian Tunick - JP Morgan:  I think you mentioned a couple of times in your script about the competitive landscape or competition and we are just wondering is that competition for the buys, i.e. TJ and others? 
Michael Balmuth:  Okay. I understand. 
 Brian Tunick - JP Morgan:  Or is it in the promotional landscape in the department stores? 
Michael Balmuth:  Actually it is promotion. Mostly when I look at this and really what I was referring to in the comments was the promotional landscape by department, specialty, discount that could happen based on the more recent lowering of sales and earnings expectations by the more mainstream sets of key retail information sector.  On the buy side, that is not the issue. The off-price, basically what we watch for is the promotional beat out there in department stores and when you have these kind of macroeconomic issues coupled with a drop in sales projections, there is a potential for mainstream retailers to become more aggressive promotionally and that is what we are referring. 
 Michael O’Sullivan: Brian, on your second question about micro-merchandising, let me give you a quick update on that. As you know, the main objective of that program is to improve our assortments at a local level and improve our ability to trend at a more detailed level in stores. I think we have said in the past, 2007 is really the year that we are sort of building those capabilities and those processes and I think that building process is going well. We expect to roll out the program on a pilot basis in early 2008 and then to expand it to our main businesses in the following couple of years after that. So it is going to be a while before we see any results of that activity, but we are pretty happy with how it is going in terms of the development of the program. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup. 
 Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Michael, I was hoping you could talk about two things that you mentioned. Number one, you are seeing an opportunity to further reduce inventory in your stores. Is that based on some sort of analysis of how the inventory is flowing in the stores or is this a reaction to the external environment or some combination thereof?  Secondarily, you talked about the higher level of markdowns coming into the second quarter as a result of the April sales shortfall. Could you just talk about markdown levels here at the end of July, how that compares to last year? John, if you could just give us the comp metrics for second quarter, how the 2% breaks down between average dollar sale and traffic? That would be great. Thanks. 
Michael Balmuth: I will take the first one. Essentially I think your question is why do we think we can take our inventory down? We have looked at turns across the store and we have looked at markdowns and we have looked at that very closely. In hindsight, it is very clear to me that we carry too much inventory and if you couple that with the choppiness that we found all season in our sales -- and by that I mean that we had a better than expected March and we had a worse than expected April, we had a better than expected June, we ran into trouble, our business slowed down starting in mid July.  So the consumer is shopping not in as predictable a pattern. With that, we think we put ourselves in better stead by carrying less inventory and I saw it late and I should've seen it sooner, but I think by doing this, we put ourselves in a much better position to preserve our margins to the degree that we can out there depending on what the environment becomes. In our off-price model, we can always run after merchandise if in fact we found that we've gotten a little bit too conservative. 
 John Call: Kimberly, the second part of your question I think was what is driving the comp. Our average retails were flat year-over-year. The comp was driven about half by more transactions and half by the basket was up by about a point. 
 Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup:  Great. Any comment on the level of markdown inventory here at the end of July versus last year? 
Michael Balmuth:  I think as we went in at the end of July, our inventories were slightly higher than we wanted them to be and I think that has been reflected in our guidance as we ended the third quarter to get us positioned pretty offensively as we come into the back half. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Montagna - C.L. King. 
 Mark Montagna - C.L. King:  Hi, just a question about the overall buying environment. You mentioned on the last call that it is better than normal. So I am wondering if you could explain to us how much longer you expect this better than normal environment to continue? Should it continue all the way through next year and could it perhaps get better?  Then just regarding Florida, California and Texas, hoping you could tell us what the year-to-date comp store sales are for those three states? 
Michael Balmuth: Relative to the product availability and I did say it was better than normal and it continues that way; how long this will go on, I think it really ties to how erratic consumer behavior is and I expect it certainly to be through the rest of this season, probably into early spring. But beyond that, it is hard for me to see. If it does continue to be erratic sales behavior by the customer across the board in retailing, it would continue for some time, but I couldn't get closer than that. 
 Gary Cribb: On sales in California, Texas and Florida, those are the three states? 
 Mark Montagna - C.L. King:  Yes. 
 Gary Cribb:  Year to date, California, as we said earlier, is up 2%. That is on top of 3% from a year ago. Texas is up 1% on top of 8% from a year ago. They had a terrific year last year. Florida is trending down 3%. 
 Mark Montagna - C.L. King: Versus what number? 
 Gary Cribb:  Versus basically flat a year ago. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse. 
 Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: So to touch on the dd's weaker openings, just to be clear, were the weaker stores in new markets, the Texas and Florida markets that you mentioned? How did those two markets perform with the new dd's? Also, could you tell us what the 26 comp stores within dd's have done? What is the comp performance there? 
 Michael O’Sullivan: On the new stores, first of all, we only have the March opening group to go on. The July opening group is too recent to really look at. But the March opening group, as I said earlier, only two of those stores were outside of California. They were in Florida. So the March opening group, there were no Texas openings.  In terms of performance, to be honest, the mixed performance that Michael described was actually across the board. It was the two Florida and the six California stores. So there is no obvious pattern. It is only eight stores and it is pretty early days. Now obviously as we get further into the year, we will look at the July open group and then the open group that we have coming up in October and we will be able to draw more conclusions.  On the comp stores, the comp stores have been performing on plan, so we are pretty comfortable with that. They have been doing well against their plan. 
 Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse:  Any sense of the comp level that you can share with us? 
Michael Balmuth:  At this point, we are not breaking out the comps separately. 
 John Call: I would just like to add that as we have opened stores in this chain since the very beginning, stores have not opened magically, okay? We have to fine tune the assortment by store and they have moved up, so this is not something that is so new to us; we are just passing it along. 
 Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse:  Is there anything in your recent history that you have seen happening in the market that is similar to what is going on in Florida right now? I am just wondering how you reacted then versus how you are reacting now. 
Michael Balmuth:  I will speak to how we are reacting now and how we tend to react when any market is down. Obviously we can't control the outside environment. We look internally at assortments, we look internally at the operation and we focus on what we do best and that is how we have handled it in the past and how we are handling Florida today. 
 John Call: We also know in Florida that there's things internally that we have made mistakes on that we are working to correct as rapidly as we can. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Mann - Johnson Rice. 
 David Mann - Johnson Rice: Could you comment a little bit on the performance of the newer Ross Stores this year? And also some of the stores that you have opened in the Southeast had struggled. Can you just give us an update on what kind of progress you feel like you are making there? 
 Michael O’Sullivan: Let me take both parts of that. On the new stores this year, the new stores this year have performed in line with new stores over the past couple of years, which as we have said in the past, we are not satisfied with. We want to improve the performance of new stores and some of the initiatives that we have discussed earlier on in the call are aimed at that. So we certainly hadn't expected any improvement this year and they have stayed comparable to the last couple of years.  On the Southeast, the Southeast has actually done a little bit better than the chain year to date. It has actually comped slightly better than the chain, so we are pleased with that. So that is the summary. 
 David Mann - Johnson Rice: Any reason in terms of what you are doing that you think is driving it to be a little bit better or you think it is just a little better economy in those areas relative to the rest of the country? 
 Michael O’Sullivan:  I wish I could say it was us. We have made some adjustments in the Southeast, but I would have to say I think it is probably more of a regional issue in terms of the economy. There are things that we are doing, but as I say, I think it is going to be a year or two before they bear fruit, so I don't think we can claim the credit for that. 
 David Mann - Johnson Rice: In terms of the merchandising initiatives that you have in place for the back half, can I just clarify, are they in place now that we should see them in the store or are they going to ramp up throughout the back half to where the benefits are going to occur as they ramp up? 
 John Call:  I think it's the latter, David. They are going to ramp up as we go through the course of the season. Some areas might kick in a little earlier than others based on planned receipt flows, but it is going to be a gradual movement through the course of the season. 
 David Mann - Johnson Rice: Would that be the ramp for all of the things we have talked about in terms of the younger focus and the brands and the other categories like jewelry and gift giving? 
 John Call:  Correct. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners. 
 Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners: A question on the inventory shrink number. I think, Michael, you said that it helped gross margin by about 20 basis points on the quarter, but you weren't accruing a significant benefit for the third quarter or not anticipating an incremental benefit in the third quarter or fourth quarter. Where does shrink stand as a percent of sales right now and where do you think it can go over the next year or so? 
 John Call: Patrick, this is John. In the second quarter, we benefited by about 10 basis points on a lower accrual. In the third quarter last year, we actually benefited by about 30 basis points due to the catch-up when we took the actual physical. We have not scheduled in any improvement in the guidance we gave. We are hopeful that it gets better. We are focused on it, but we haven't included that in any of the back half guidance today and relative to what the overall shrink number is, we haven't disclosed that. 
 Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners:  I know you only do inventories once a year in September, take a full inventory in September, but I guess you have done some checks to give you confidence that it might be better? I am not saying that you are suggesting it could be better, but the tone is positive I guess around that issue. 
 John Call:  Yes, we have put a number of measures in place. We have invested in various loss prevention activity around the chain and we know that they bore fruit last year and we're hopeful they will bear fruit this year. 
Michael Balmuth: I would add to that, Patrick, that we do look at a myriad of indicators and react when those indicators aren't moving in the right direction. So with that, we are hopeful that we are going to see improvement. 
 Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners: One quick one on Florida and Texas, so you are saying that the later back-to-school holidays in those two states should benefit comps by about 1 percentage point in August? 
Michael Balmuth:  Yes, that is based on the tax-free shift. We said that it got to the point in July and that will come back in August. 
 Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners:  Is that what you anticipated then? 
Michael Balmuth:  It is in the guidance, yes. 
 Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners:  But I mean you have seen the results from stores in those states in Texas and Florida. Have the later tax-free holidays generated the sales that you anticipated? I know it is in guidance, but relative to your prior expectations? 
Michael Balmuth:  So the answer is that it did benefit us by about a point, it cost us a point in July and benefited us by a point in August and we will come out with our August sales guidance to give more color around it. We are not going to comment mid-month. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group. 
 Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group: You mentioned in your prepared remarks that there was an insurance recovery this year and also there were lower legal costs. Could you quantify those and also could you help us understand why there was no interest income in Q2? 
Michael Balmuth: Relative to the legal costs and the store fire recovery, we had a benefit based on insurance proceeds for an incident that occurred in the past that we picked up in the quarter. The legal expenses, we continue to evaluate the various cases we have ongoing and make adjustments. So all in, those were worth about $0.01 on the quarter.  Relative to interest income during the quarter, had to do with what our cash balances were during the quarter, so relative to the debt we have outstanding were offset by the cash comps we had on which we earned income. I don't know if that helps you out, Rob. 
 Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group:  Yes. You had guided the flat interest expense I guess in the quarter, but now you are guiding to, what, $1.5 million in Q3? Why the difference? 
Michael Balmuth:  Based on our view of cash, I think the number is actually $1 million, not $1.5 million in the third quarter, based on looking at the cash and where we think it will be based on capital investments. 
 Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group:  Okay. None of that is related to FIN 48? 
Michael Balmuth:  Not on the interest expense, no. 
 Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group:  One other question. You had previously said that dd's would cost you 35 basis points this year. Now that you have had a little bit slower start in some of your new markets for dd's, has that changed your thought process regarding the basis point impact this year? 
Michael Balmuth:  No, we said the drag is about 35 basis points north of where we were in our prior year. Again, as Michael O'Sullivan mentioned, a little tough to tell as how these dd's stores are coming out of the box. We don't think it will be materially off the 35 basis point drag. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker. 
 Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker:  Hey, guys. Just two things. Michael, you commented that you made some mistakes in Florida and you left us sort of hanging there, so if you could just put a little bit of insight around that. Then if you guys could also talk a little bit about dd's. When I was out there, we noticed some new signage in dd's. You were changing things around, the way things were put on the floor. If you could talk about any benefits you are seeing from that and any thoughts to making some changes at dd's across the chain and/or at Ross Stores based on what you are seeing. 
 Gary Cribb: We started seeing a negative trend in Florida going back to the end of '05 and as I said earlier, we looked internally to see what the issues are. We had pretty serious operating issues that were pretty broad, broad spread across the state. We have made significant inroads into those operating issues, but any time you have a market that is broken, it takes time to get the right people in place and get the operation back on track. We think that we have made progress. We continue to see progress in Florida and I would say we are on track to where we want to be relative to our own internal turnaround in that state. 
Michael Balmuth:  Your second question was on dd's signage. 
 Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker:  You changed the signage and the way some of the displays were on the floor, putting the higher display cases off to the sides so the floor felt more open. 
 Gary Cribb:  Sure. Obviously, it is a new concept for us and we are always looking at better ways to improve the floor and listening to our customer of course and from that research, we did make some changes in our signage. I would say you will see brighter, more vivid signs that are more reflective of the chain and the customer. We did move higher fixturing to the outside to improve sightlines and I think you will continue to see slight tweaks in the prototype as we continue to learn more about the business. 
 Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker:  Any of that transferable to the Ross Stores? 
 Gary Cribb:  There are certain things that we do learn from dd's and look to see how we can bring them into Ross. I would say that from a signage perspective, we actually took it from Ross. We changed our Ross signs about three or four years ago and had some good learnings from that and applied them to dd's, but we do maximize and leverage both companies. 
 Kelly Loughnot:  Hello? Hello? Who's this? We are on the call here. Is anybody there? This is the Ross conference call. Hello? 
Operator: Thank you for your patience. The conference will resume at this moment. Your next question comes from Brian Tunick – JP Morgan. 
 Brian Tunick - JP Morgan:  Okay. Hey, guys. We stuck around. I guess our question is if we look at the guidance here, it is possible that you have flat to down gross margins for the year and I guess we look back and I guess The Street holds that carrot of that 25% to 26% gross margin you had in the '02, '03 level. Is that just sort of unrealistic that you can get back to those levels and just sort of walk us through your thought process there? 
Michael Balmuth:  So as we look at -- are you still there? 
 Brian Tunick - JP Morgan:  Yes, I'm here. Someone's child is on the phone. 
Michael Balmuth: Yes, okay. It sounds like you have company. So operating margin at least for the third quarter looks to be down based on our guidance, down 20 basis points, up 30 basis points. Included in that guidance, obviously there is a process that we went through and a more conservative look at the third quarter where we believe the competitive trend will be.  We have also maintained that over the long term, we believe we can incrementally get back to 30 to 50 basis points on an annual basis. That's if we perform from a sales standpoint. So although I think we are making progress, chipping away at it, we just want to make sure that we are realistic because we've come into what looks to be a pretty difficult back half. 
 Brian Tunick - JP Morgan:  Right. But I guess looking back to 2004 where the problems really started, DC systems, lower productivity, higher payroll, higher markdowns, I mean some of those things should be alleviated just going forward and it doesn't seem like we are making a lot of progress, I guess DC productivity. Is 25%, 26% gross margins realistic again? 
Michael Balmuth:  Let's address each one of those individually. So DCs are making progress in terms of productivity. Yes, they are on plan. We are up against freight headwinds that we didn't have back then. Our shrink is recovering, making progress on that. So I think, Brian, as we look to it again, we want to be consistent with how we are executing. We want to make sure we are making the progress we need to make. We have also always maintained that it is going to take a period of time. We are not going to recover back to historical levels in a 12-month period. It is going to take some time and we are on track with where we believe we need to be. We believe there are some opportunities in the back half if we can outperform on the sales line. 
 Brian Tunick - JP Morgan: Am I right that you need a 3% to 4% comp for leverage? 
Michael Balmuth:  Yes, that is where we have been on the expense line. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group. 
 Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Good afternoon, everyone. Given the sale of some of the Liz Claiborne brands and the changes in the apparel manufacturing industry, does it ever makes sense for you to buy a smaller brand, a private label within your stores or does that just not fit? Also can you talk a little bit about the integration and the openings of the 46 Albertsons stores? Are there other real estate deals out there that could potentially be like that? Thank you. 
Michael Balmuth:  Dana, in terms of buying a defunct label or doing private label, it really doesn't fit with our strategies. We have looked at it and it is just not where we want to take it. We would rather continue to buy branded product and if we ever want to do make-ups, we would rather do it with people who have brands that are known across America. 
 Michael O’Sullivan: On the second question, Dana, obviously as we open stores, we are looking for new real estate, but I wouldn't comment on any specific opportunities that are out there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Schwartz - JL Advisors. 
 Rob Schwartz - JL Advisors: I am still a little confused on the Texas, Florida shift. Did you already see the 1% benefit you are expecting to get in August given that Texas began a week ago and Florida beginning of the month? Or is that based on what you expect to see at the end of the month? 
 John Call:  Yes, the sales tax shift already occurred. We did see the benefit in our guidance. We will have more color as we comment on August when we release August sales. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research. 
 Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group: Can you give us a sense for how you would classify your product maybe from a 30,000 foot level of good, better, best and have there been any changes in the last 12 months? 
Michael Balmuth:  So you want me to classify how much of our product is better merchandise? 
 Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group:  I think in the past you have said better versus moderate. 
Michael Balmuth: I would say within our apparel, we really were referring to apparel and apparel-related products. Better would represent in the low 20% of our inventory and the rest would really be what we consider moderate. 
 Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group:  Has there been any shift in the last 12 to 18 months? 
Michael Balmuth:  Not dramatic. Area by area, there could be, but in the overall, not material. 
Operator: Your next question comes from William Keller - FTN Midwest. 
 William Keller - FTN Midwest: First, if you could just give us a selling square footage at the end of the quarter. Secondly, looking at the back half of the year, do you still expect CapEx around $290 million? If you can give us some idea what the cadence of that will be over the next two quarters, that would be appreciated. Thank you. 
Michael Balmuth:  Yes, relative to capital spend, we are still at the $290 million for the year and we haven't broken that out relative to what that cadence would be. Clearly, the biggest piece of that will be building new stores and then also be some investments in our distributions in our network.  Relative to average selling square footage, our boxes are pretty uniform in size. Ross is about 25,000 feet. You can do the math to calculate the footage and dd's is probably between 20,000 and 25,000. So you can just look at the units; and that is selling in-store. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Schwartz - JL Advisors. 
 Rob Schwartz - JL Advisors: On the last call, you spoke about availability of product and how you thought it really benefited you in the second half. Can you talk about when this quarter you really expect us to see the impact in the stores and your sales numbers from this product? 
Michael Balmuth: Well, you would see it as we roll through the season, and it will vary by area. Its impact in terms of sales line, we would expect to do better than we would have had the retail environment not become maybe potentially more promotional. We will see. But you will see changes in our stores as we are becoming more significant as we roll through this season. 
Operator: There are no further questions. I would like to hand the floor back to the speakers for any closing comments. 
Michael Balmuth:  Thank you all and have a very good day.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-05-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-03-21 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Michael A. Balmuth - Vice Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer   John G. Call - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Secretary   Michael O’Sullivan - Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer 
Analysts: Tim Geyer - Piper Jaffray   Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers   Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan   Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse   Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup   David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company   Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates   Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs   Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners   Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group   Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group   Rob Schwartz - JL Advisors   Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus 
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Ross Stores fourth quarter and fiscal 2006 earnings release conference call. The call will begin with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a question-and-answer session.  (Operator Instructions)  At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer. 
Michael A. Balmuth: Good morning. Joining me on the call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer; Michael O’Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer; John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Katie Loughnot, Vice President of Investor Relations.  We will begin our call today with a review of our fourth quarter and year-to-date performance followed by our outlook for the 2007 fiscal year. Afterwards, we will be happy to respond to any questions you may have.  Before we begin, I want to note that our comments in this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on management’s current forecast of aspects of the company’s future business.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results or current expectations. These risk factors are detailed in today’s press release and our fiscal 2005 Form 10-K and fiscal 2006 Form 8-K’s and 10-Q’s on file with the SEC.  Today we reported that fourth quarter 2006 earnings per share grew 35% to $0.66, from $0.49 in the fourth quarter of 2005. Net earnings for the quarter totaled $93.1 million, compared to $71 million in the prior year period.  For the 53 weeks ended February 3, 2007, earnings per share grew 25% to $1.70 from $1.36 for the 52 weeks ended January 28, 2006. Net earnings for fiscal 2006 were a record $241.6 million, compared to $199.6 million in fiscal 2005.  We estimate that the 53rd week in fiscal 2006 added approximately $88 million in sales and $0.07 in earnings per share to both our fourth quarter and fiscal year results.  In addition, we recognized expenses related to the adoption of FAS-123R equivalent to about $0.01 per share for the fourth quarter and $0.06 per share for the 2006 fiscal year. Adjusting for both the extra week and stock option related costs, earnings per share increased about 22% in the fourth quarter and 24% for the full year. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  Our first question is coming from Tim [Geyer] with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 
Tim Geyer - Piper Jaffray: Good morning and congratulations on a solid quarter. Just a couple of questions for you. First of all, I was wondering if you could give us anymore color on the content of your current pack away inventory, in terms of what percent is spring versus fall merchandise? Also, do you see any key categories within that inventory that could help position you in the upcoming season, or is there more of a branded focus within that inventory content? 
Michael A. Balmuth: Our balance of spring to fall pack away, candidly I do not have that number on me but it is consistent with where it has been over the past several years. We have been taking advantage of opportunities as we see fit in the market. Could you give me question number two again, please? 
Tim Geyer - Piper Jaffray: I was just wondering if there are any key categories that you are seeing that you were able to build up on previously that you think could help position you for these upcoming seasons. 
Michael A. Balmuth: Actually, what I would say is it has been broad-based and it has been a very good buyer’s market. 
Tim Geyer - Piper Jaffray: Great, and then one follow-up; I was wondering, have you explored the opportunity to bring in some exclusive brands, as many other retailers have done recently, given industry consolidation has improved the availability of some of these brands? 
Michael A. Balmuth: Actually, we still believe our business has brands that are traded in department/specialty stores and we have not gone forward on a proprietary brand. 
Tim Geyer - Piper Jaffray: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jeff Black with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: Great, just a couple of questions. First, for I guess John Call, the lower workers’ comp that impacted the expense rate, can you just explain or remind us why that is occurring and how much we see that benefit going forward?  Second, for Michael, this year we are upping the unit growth rate, the 11% range or square footage, rather. What does it look like beyond ’07? It sounds to us like dd's gets more stores. I just was not certain when dd's hits that 80 to 100 mark. The overall question is are we continuing to see above 10% unit growth beyond ’07 when you have not made an acquisition of stores? Thank you. 
John G. Call: This is John addressing the workers’ comp question. There are three main drivers of the benefit there. First, we have experienced a reduction in the frequency of accidents and also in the severity of accidents, both in our distribution centers and our stores, based on programs that we put in place 24 to 36 months ago.  Additionally, we have had the benefit of a favorable impact of California legislation on work comp, so all combined, the actuaries have dialed that in to their actuarial assumptions which drive out a lower work comp expense. We believe that those expenses are sustainable and have been actually included in our guidance that was issued for ’07. 
Michael A. Balmuth: Relative to our unit growth rate after ’07, where we took advantage of this opportunistic acquisition, we would expect to go back to a 9% to 10% unit growth rate. 
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: Mike, when might we see the 80 to 100 stores for dd's and reach profitability on the dd's side? Is that an ’08-09 timeframe? 
Michael A. Balmuth: It will be the next few years. We are putting that together. That is a moving target on stores right now but we are putting that together. The next few years I think would be safe. 
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks. Good luck. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brian Tunick with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan : Thanks. Two questions; I am just trying to understand, are you raising your EBIT margin goal here? It sounded like you said 10 to 30 bps I thought a year, and now it sounds like you are saying 30 to 50 bps a year. We were just curious, given where your SG&A is now, is there anymore SG&A opportunity to cut?  The second question on the new markets, what is happening with the store productivity and four wall returns versus your mature stores? Maybe just those two questions. Thank you. 
John G. Call: Brian, this is John. On the operating margin, both answers are actually correct. It is actually 10 to 30 basis points if we compare a 53-week year to our upcoming 52-week year. On a sustained basis, 52 weeks to 52 weeks, it is 30 to 50 basis points and that is our target and that is what we achieved this year. 
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan : Is all that coming on the SG&A line? 
John G. Call: Not all of it. Not all of it. In fact, this year it came out of the margin line where we had improvements in mark-downs, distribution center strength, et cetera. 
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan : Okay. 
Michael O’Sullivan: Brian, it’s Michael O’Sullivan. I will answer your second question about new markets. I think we are happy with some of the progress we have made in the new markets. In 2006, the Southeast comped at the same level as the chains. The Mid-Atlantic actually did better than the chain, so we are pleased with that but as we have said in the past, we would like the productivity of new stores in those markets to be better. We believe fundamentally the customers in those markets are the same as off-price customers elsewhere -- they want bargains.  So we think we can do more, particularly in terms of assortment, to drive more business in those markets. But we were happy with the progress we made in ’06. 
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan : And you have those assortment planning tools now? 
Michael O’Sullivan: We are building them, and actually it is a combination of two things. One is we are continuing to back-fill in those markets, which naturally will help raise our awareness and our customer traffic. Secondly, we are making improvements to assortments over time.  There are some tools that are going to take frankly a few years for us to roll out, to build and roll out, so we do not have the full toolset yet but we are trying to make improvements over time. 
Brian Tunick - J.P. Morgan : Terrific. Thanks and good luck, guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Paul Lejuez with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: What can you tell us about -- we are hearing a lot about the sub-prime issue in the market. How do you think that could impact your customers? I do not know any kind of data that you might be able to share in terms of any changes in patterns that you are seeing, and customers that pay cash versus credit -- do you know what percentage of your customers own homes? I’m thinking about some of the macro data, trying to link it back to you guys. 
Michael O’Sullivan: Paul, we look at that kind of thing all the time, looking at what is happening in the macro economy. The truth is our business is sufficiently diverse and sufficiently complex that it is almost impossible to isolate a single variable. So obviously we are watching what is happening in the sub-prime market but I cannot see -- we have not seen any drop-off in our business that we can track back and say that is what drove it.  I will say in the off-price, it is even doubly difficult to predict because on the one hand, something like that could affect your customers and therefore your sales but it could also affect your supply in a positive way. So it is almost impossible for us to parse through that and figure out what effect it will have. 
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Just to follow-up, inventory, it looked like it was up per square foot overall. What is the plan going forward? 
Michael A. Balmuth: Inventory was up as we ended the year. There were a couple things going on; we had more in transit into our DCs to get ready for the Easter holiday. We also had a calendar shift in terms of when the year ended. So those two things drove inventories up at year-end.  We will have a calendar shift going forward, so it may be slightly different than it was last year but overall, we are planning in-store inventories flat. 
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Thanks, and good luck. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Kimberly Greenberger with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: This is Meg for Kimberly. Just a couple of questions. First, can you provide us with more detail on the gross margin line, and maybe quantify how each component contributed to the 60 basis points increase in the quarter?  Secondly, can you remind us when exactly you began to see efficiencies in your supply chain that allowed you to go get product into stores more quickly last year?  Just lastly, can you give us end of quarter square footage? Thank you. 
Michael A. Balmuth: Let me dissect the margin elements. Merchant margin increased about 20 basis points. That is inclusive of shrink and freight. Distribution levered by between 40 and 50 basis points, and stock options included in gross margin cost us about 10 basis points. So if you add that up, that is the 60 basis point improvement in the quarter in G&A.  What was your follow-on to that, Meg? 
Michael O’Sullivan: I think it was around supply chain. The short answer is it was about in the spring of last year when we saw the supply chain improvement, so we are coming up on the anniversary of that now. 
Michael A. Balmuth: I think the third piece was selling square footage. As we ended the year, it was about 18.6 million feet. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from David Mann with Johnson Rice. Please go ahead. 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Just on that last question, in terms of the distribution efficiencies, can you give us a sense on how much more of the recovery there you have over the next couple of years in terms of gross margin improvement? 
Michael A. Balmuth: Relative to gross margin, again in the quarter we got 40 or 50 basis points. On the year, we got about 35 basis points. We are looking at that. We think in ’07 the improvement will be more incremental than that. In other words, not as much as that as we keep our foot on the pedal in terms of productivity. So we think there is more that could come over the next coming years. I would hate to put a cap on it. 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: In terms of shrink, have you been able to take cycle counts to get a sense on how you are doing relative to -- I guess it is what, about a 10 basis point accrual lower than last year? 
Michael A. Balmuth: We do not really take cycle counts. We will take our full physical in the September-October timeframe. We do have a feeling that the shortage initiatives that we put in place have taken hold and are contributing to the improvement that we saw last year and anticipate that we will see continued improvement going forward as well. 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Okay, and then one other balance sheet question. The accrued liabilities jumped a lot. Is there anything to parse out there or is that just the timing issues tied to inventory? 
Michael A. Balmuth: Most of that is in payables. Our payables leverage was 66% this year versus 51% last year, so it is timing relative to working capital and the inventory build. 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mark Montagna with C.L. King. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: I just wanted to narrow the results for the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic. I was wondering if you could tell us what percent of the chain’s productivity those two regions are operating at? I guess last year you said that they were at about 75% at the beginning of 2006. I am wondering where they ended up by the end of the year. 
Michael O’Sullivan: It is about that. Like I said last year, one of those regions was in line with the chain. The Southeast was in line with the chain. The Mid-Atlantic was slightly better, so they stayed around about the mid-70s. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Could you tell us what your year-end cash target is and what your free cash flow projection is? 
Michael A. Balmuth: If we look at where we ended the year and comment about payables contributing to that cash balance, you probably would have to take $140 million off of that balance relative to the payables leverage we achieved. It is not sustainable. We are thinking about $290 million in CapEx, so you roll that out. Relative to our cash target going into next year, we have not really talked about that -- something more in line with more normal levels, more nominal levels. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay, and then for your store openings for this year, are they all slated for existing markets or are you going to expand into some new markets at all? 
Michael O’Sullivan: For Ross, all of the openings will be in existing markets. For dd's, obviously we have talked about we are opening in Florida, Texas, Arizona, so those are new markets for dd's, although not new markets for the corporation. 
Mark Montagna - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. That’s all I needed. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Margaret Mager with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: I would like to get a little bit more color on the success that you are seeing in your home area. What are the important factors driving that, especially in light of the situation, it seems a little bit surprising. If you could just talk about the home category broadly, that would be interesting.  Also, I just wanted to make sure I understood clearly the complexion of same-store sales in March-April; March, up I think 4% to 5% and then April is what and the combined is up 1% to 2%, and that is because of the Easter shift, if I’m reading it correctly from you. Is there anything that you would say at all regarding the economy or the weather or the impact on business to date in the month of March? Thanks. 
Michael A. Balmuth: Margaret, I got the second part of the question clearly. The first part, there was some noise on the phone. If you could repeat the first part about home again. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: I just wanted to get a little bit more color on what is happening in the home area, where you are finding success, how you are going to continue to drive that business, and why do you think it is doing well in the context of the housing market having its challenges at the moment? Thanks. 
Michael A. Balmuth: Our home business, we really have not added new classifications. We have not gone into any new categories. We have really strengthened areas within our buying team that actually has really improved execution, is how we have been getting our growth there. There have been reasonable opportunities in the market which supports our -- the home business is a little more up-front driven than the rest of the company, but there have been no opportunities to take advantage as the home business has been not quite as good around the horn. That is really the key of what has been happening. It has just been improved execution, improved opportunities for us to purchase. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: Okay, so when you say it is a bit more of an up-front business, normally you are buying out farther on home? Is that interpreted correctly? 
Michael A. Balmuth: We and I think everyone else buys out further. There is importing there in the home business, so it has been a very good buyer’s market based on difficulties other home retailers have had. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: Interesting, thanks. And then on the same-store sales, just understanding that and to date, how is March going? I do not know if you look at retail traffic data at all, but it is showing some declining trends in retail traffic for mall and retail broadly. I am just wondering what you are seeing. Thanks. 
Michael A. Balmuth: We really are not choosing to comment mid-month on how our performance is, but relative to what is going on, we are not economists, you know, we were -- running as we said along the lines of our plan. In these kinds of things, our business might not be an interesting barometer. Some customers in a difficult economy will trade down to off-price, so we are not really the bellwether I think on it. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Patrick McKeever with Avondale Partners. Please go ahead. 
Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. On dd's, as you accelerate the growth of that business, I am just wondering if you have made any refinements or significant changes to the store prototype. 
Michael A. Balmuth: I would say that we continue to make small changes, tweaks in the prototype, nothing that is dramatic or extremely different from what we initially went to market with. But as we have done with Ross, we will continue to refine it over time. 
Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners: So the prototype will be pretty similar to some of the first -- I’m sorry, the new stores will be pretty similar to some of the first stores that you opened in the San Francisco Bay area then? 
Michael A. Balmuth: They might be a drop smaller, but that is about it. 
Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners: And then, Michael, you said that it is a buyer’s market out there for your merchandise. I guess my question is a year ago, the big event for the off-price space, I guess the industry overall, the apparel industry was the merger of Federated and May and the divestitures that occurred and so forth. What is the big event out there right now as it relates to, and what is contributing to the good opportunities that are out there in the marketplace? Or is it just a bunch of different things? Is there any one specific event that is helping the supply right now? 
Michael A. Balmuth: Always, it is a bunch of different things but I think the same thing that was the big driver a year ago, I think people are growing into that, the change in the retail landscape, and that creates supply imbalances, and that is where we come in. 
Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners: Last question, just back to the new stores and new markets, so those continue -- there has not been a big change in the way those stores are performing relative to the overall, or relative to the stores in your existing markets? The productivity metric is still around 75% -- is that right? 
Michael O’Sullivan: Yes, there has not been a change. Our expectation, like we said a little bit earlier, we believe we can drive performance in those markets but we believe it is going to take some time. 
Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners: And a lot of it still is tied to implementing more micro-merchandising and just merchandising the stores differently -- is that correct? 
Michael O’Sullivan: Yes, it is a combination of things. Certainly the assortments are a big piece of it. We are working on that. That is going to take -- frankly, that is going to take a few years. But also building awareness, building presence in those markets, which is why we continue to back-fill. So it is a combination of things, but certainly assortments is the biggest. 
Patrick McKeever - Avondale Partners: Okay. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Rob Wilson with Tiburon Research. Please go ahead. 
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group: Thank you. Could you go over the comp store sales components in Q4, transaction versus average transaction size? 
John G. Call: Sure. In Q4, the transaction size was pretty flat. The comp was driven by traffic. 
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group: You mentioned earlier that your merchandise margin was up 20 basis points in Q4 but you also mentioned that a couple of those components were shrink and freight, if I am not mistaken. 
John G. Call: That is correct. 
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group: Could you break out those three components? 
John G. Call: Merchandise margin overall was up 20. That is all the goods related items. Shrink was up 15-ish -- excuse me, shrink was better by 15-ish and freight offset that completely. 
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group: Are you willing to give us an earnings per share drag on dd's in FY06? 
John G. Call: I think what we have said is dd's was a drag of about 25 basis points in ’06, about $0.06, so it was about the same as options. 
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group: So it was about a $0.06 drag? 
John G. Call: Yes. 
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group: One final question; last year in Q1, you said the west coast had a cold and wet Q1. Are you seeing higher comps in California this year versus last year and versus maybe the rest of the chain? 
John G. Call: California was wet and cold last year and California is sunny and warm this year, so at the beginning of the month, what we said is we are going to align our comp guidance and sales reporting to month-end levels. I think we will leave it at that. 
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group: No comment on February, California? 
Michael A. Balmuth: February in California, the weather, we didn’t think was a big deal year over year. 
Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research Group: Fair enough. Thank you. Thanks for taking my call. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. Please go ahead. 
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Good afternoon, everyone. Can you please talk a little bit about minimum wage and any potential impact that changes there might have just on the expense structure? I noticed the merchant organization always continues to be refined. What spaces do you see needing to be filled for dd's or for Ross and are there any new categories that you are looking into for merchants in either area? Thank you. 
John G. Call: On the minimum wage, we did experience some of that pressure this year and we have it dialed in to our estimates for next year, so it does have some impact to us and we think we have it appropriately calibrated. 
Michael A. Balmuth: Dana, I believe your second question related to areas within merchandising that we would be looking for new merchants. 
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Yes, exactly. 
Michael A. Balmuth: It is really not something I would talk about in a forum like this, for internal reasons and external reasons. 
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: In terms of categories, what do you think -- you had mentioned the home. What are you seeing in footwear and juniors? And is the landscape changing at all? 
Michael A. Balmuth: I do not see dramatic changes in the landscape. There are certainly trend changes in juniors going on but no dramatic change in the landscape that we are seeing. 
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Rob Schwartz with JL Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Rob Schwartz - JL Advisors: Congratulations on a strong finish to the year. I have two questions. First, regarding dd’s margins over time. As it starts to mature, do you think margins should approach those of Ross?  Secondly, over the long-term, do you think your past peak margins of 9.5% are achievable again? 
John G. Call: Relative to dd’s margin, as we look at how dd’s is doing, what the sales levels are in that box, and we look at the results we expect out of that box over time, they are very similar to the Ross margins that we achieve over time.  Relative to your second question on margin expansion, we believe that there is room for margin expansion for the next couple of years. We are targeting 30 to 50 basis points. We feel pretty good about that. Clearly the biggest impact on margin, or the upside to margin could be top line growth. That is where we are with that. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Richard Jaffe with Stifel. Please go ahead. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks very much guys, and a good end to the quarter, or good end to the year, rather. Just a follow-on with dd's DISCOUNTS, could you compare dd’s to Ross in terms of inventory investment, sales per store, dollars and units per transaction? 
Michael O’Sullivan: It is a little bit difficult to make apples-to-apples comparison between dd’s and Ross, partly because the dd’s we have opened so far are all in California, dd's is a new chain, Ross is 25 years old. I would stay away from making comparisons between the two businesses for all those reasons. It is hard to come up with any meaningful comparison. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Well, just trying to gauge the level of dollar investment a store would require in terms of inventory, and perhaps you have answered the question in your expectations for sales per square foot would be comparable to Ross over time. Is that fair to say? 
Michael O’Sullivan: On sales per square foot, yes, over time. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: I guess the inventory commitment in terms of the cost of a dd’s versus the cost of a new Ross, inventory plus build-out? 
Michael O’Sullivan: For the same volume store, comparable, yes. But that is my point. Because Ross is in 27 states and dd’s is currently in one, it is hard to make that direct comparison because you have to pick a store that looks exactly like dd’s to make the comparison. But if it is the same volume store, then the inventory investment would be similar. 
John G. Call: I would also say on the build-out costs, where we are to date is they look a lot more like Ross stores that we take in our own construction, so there is a little bit higher cash up-front commitment that will, the return on that cash takes a little bit longer if you look over the life of that lease, which is typically 10 years. It looks very similar to Ross on the construction. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: That is very helpful. Thank you. Just a quick question on the debt. Obviously incurred some debt on the balance sheet and if I understand, eliminated some of the off balance sheet liabilities. Is that complete? There is no off balance sheet liabilities related to the DCs, or for any other reason at this point and the debt has covered all of that? 
John G. Call: We have put on $150 million of long-term notes. We took that down in December. Earlier in the year, we paid off a synthetic lease of $87 million and we also paid off a short-term note for $50 million, so that debt basically replaced a piece of the off balance sheet debt and a piece of the on balance sheet debt. We still have $70 million of off balance sheet liability related to our Southwest DC. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Is there any intention to do a similar transaction to eliminate that? 
John G. Call: No, that is long-term. I think that is ten-year money. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: It is as we see it now. Okay. Thanks very much. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  There appears to be no further questions. I will turn the floor back over to you for any further or final remarks. 
Michael A. Balmuth: Thank you all for attending and have a very good day. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-11-14 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Balmuth - President, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Norman Ferber - Chairman of the Board Gary Cribb - Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer Michael O'Sullivan - Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer John Call - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary Katie Loughnot - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers  Brian Tunick - JP Morgan Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker Rob Wilson - Tiburon Research
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Ross Stores third quarter 2006 earnings release conference call. The call will begin with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer.
Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer; Michael O'Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer; John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Katie Loughnot, Vice President of Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with a review of our third quarter and year-to-date performance followed by our outlook and sales and earnings assumptions for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2006. Afterwards we'll be happy respond to any questions you may have. Before we begin I want to note that our comments on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on management's current forecasts of aspects of the Company's future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results or current expectations. These risk factors are detailed in today's press release and our fiscal 2005 Form 10-K and fiscal 2006 Form 8-Ks and 10-Qs on file with the SEC. Today we reported 2006 third quarter earnings per share of $0.31, up 24% from $0.25 in the third quarter of 2005. Net earnings for the third quarter of 2006 were $43.9 million compared to $36.3 million in the prior year. Our third quarter 2006 results include pre-tax stock option related expenses of $3.2 million or about $0.01 per share recognized pursuant to FAS 123(R) share based payment. Before the non-cash costs, earnings per share for the period grew 32% over the prior year. Sales for the third quarter increased 10% to $1.362 billion with comparable store sales up 4% on top of a strong 9% increase in the prior year. For the first nine months of the year, earnings per share grew 20% to $1.04 from $0.87 in the prior year. Net earnings for the nine-month period were $148.5 million compared to $128.7 million in the prior year. Our year-to-date results include pretax stock option related expenses of $10 million or about $0.04 per share. Before these non-cash option related costs, year-to-date earnings per share increased 24% over the same period in 2005. Sales for the first nine months of 2006 rose 12% to $3.962 billion. Same store sales rose a solid 5% on top of a 6% gain in the prior year period. Third quarter earnings results were better than planned benefiting from healthy sales trends and immeasurable improvement in operating margin. Regionally, the strongest sales performance during the quarter was in the Southwest and Texas, with same store sales gains in the high single digits. California, which experienced unseasonably warm weather in both August and September, generated a same store sales increase of 1% for the quarter on top of a 7% gain in the prior year. Home and Shoes remained the top-performing merchandise categories with comparable store sales gains in the high single to low double-digits. Before approximately 25 basis points in stock option related costs, earnings before interest and taxes increased about 65 basis points during the quarter. Improvements over the prior year period in shrink-related expenses and selling, general, and administrative costs were partially offset by higher supply chain and incentive plan costs along with slight increases in markdown and occupancy expenses. Higher supply chain costs during the quarter were driven by increases in freight and distribution expenses. We are encouraged by underlying productivity trends in the distribution centers that continue to show improvement over the prior year. However, timing of distribution costs related to packaway inventory levels drove a slight increase in total distribution expense as a percent of sales. Packaway units have higher distribution and handling costs related to movement in and out of our warehouse facilities. That said, we remain on track to achieve a targeted decline in total distribution costs in the range of 30 to 40 basis points for the full 2006 fiscal year compared to 2005. The slight increase in markdowns during the quarter was planned and resulted from higher clearance levels that we carried over from the second quarter. With inventories under control throughout the third quarter and sales ahead of plan, the markdown trend improved as the quarter progressed. Third quarter earnings per share also benefited by about $0.02 from better than planned shrink results from our recent annual physical inventory of our merchandise which is expected to result in about 10 basis points of operating margin improvement for the year. We are also pleased to report that sales and profit trend at dd's DISCOUNTS were better than expected. Our new concept, which we launched about two years ago, has delivered strong topline growth and better than planned profitability year-to-date in 2006. On a four-wall pre-tax basis, these stores are contributing to earnings. However, with only 26 locations today, their buying and distribution costs are still creating some earnings drag. We believe the results to-date at dd's validate that we have identified a customer segment that we were not reaching with our core Ross concept. As a result, we remain excited about its prospects and continue to believe that this business will be a viable growth vehicle over the longer term. For 2006, our store expansion plans remain on track with a net addition of 58 Ross and 6 dd's DISCOUNTS locations year-to-date. We plan to open one additional Ross store in November and close up to four older locations in January 2007 to end the current fiscal year with the total of about 795 stores in 27 states. As previously announced, we entered into an agreement in October to acquire 46 Albertsons real estate sites in California, Florida, Texas, Arizona, Colorado and Oklahoma. We plan to incorporate these leased properties into our 2007 expansion program for Ross and dd's DISCOUNTS, and are now projecting total unit growth of 11 to 12% for the year ending February 2nd, 2008. We are excited about this unique real estate opportunity, which gives us the ability to acquire a substantial number of store sites in several of our established top-performing markets. As we ended the third quarter, total consolidated inventories on an average store basis were down about 8% from the prior year. This decline was driven mainly by the recent supply chain efficiencies we have realized that are enabling us to operate our business with lower inventories. Packaway is estimated to be about 31% of total inventories at the end of October compared to 32% at the same time last year. Our balance sheet and cash flows as we ended the third quarter remain solid and healthy. Earlier in 2006 we paid $87 million to acquire our Fort Mill, South Carolina distribution center from the lessor. We also repaid a $50 million term loan that was used to finance equipment and systems at our Paris, California distribution center. Subsequently in October 2006, we entered into an agreement to issue $150 million of unsecured senior notes with funding expected in December 2006. We ended the third quarter with $127 million in cash and short term investments. We also continue to return capital to stockholders through our stock repurchase and dividend programs. During the first nine months of 2006, we repurchased 5.0 million shares of common stock for an aggregate of $147.7 million as part of the two-year $400 million program authorized by our Board of Directors in the fourth quarter of 2005. We ended the third quarter with 139.9 million shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Approximately $252.3 million remain available under the current stock repurchase authorization, which we expect to complete by the end of fiscal 2007. Earlier this month in our October sales release, we issued guidance for the fourth quarter, reiterating our prior forecast for same store sales gains of 1 to 3% for the quarter on top of a strong 6% increase in the prior year. We also indicated that we plan comparable store sales for each month in the quarter to be up 1 to 3% as well. Sales in November have started out slower than expected with comparable store sales month-to-date down 1% from the prior year. As you may recall, we also experienced a slow start to the third quarter in August and went on to realize solid sales and earnings results for the period. Hopefully, what we are seeing our business the last couple of weeks is a similar short-term trend of our customers shopping later and closer to needs. In addition, we are only at the very beginning of what is our biggest volume quarter. As a result, we are cautiously optimistic that sales trends will strengthen and that we will be able to achieve our projected fourth quarter same-store sales range of up 1% to 3%. Thus, we are not changing our earnings per share guidance of $0.59 to $0.65. If the fourth quarter performs in line with this forecast, then earnings per share for fiscal 2006 would be in the range of $1.63 to $1.69 for forecasted growth of 20% to 24% over the $1.36 we reported in 2005. To sum up, we are encouraged by the progress we are making in a number of areas. Sales trends for the first nine months outperform plan. Markdowns and shrink are both improving. Distribution center costs for the year are declining and operating margin is recovering. Longer-term for 2007 and beyond, we continue to plan for a combination of unit growth along with gradual ongoing improvement in store sales productivity and operating profitability throughout our business to drive 15% to 20% annual earnings per share growth over the next several years. At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Jeff Klinefelter of Piper Jaffray.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Yes. I have a question regarding your systems in terms of looking back over the last several quarters and really couple of years in implementing the new systems and looking at, you know, some of the -- I know it has been challenging. But in terms of highlights of productivity gains, could you point to anything this year trends going into the holiday season that might impact you positively next year in terms of new approaches to allocation improvements in your markdown management? How would you set the stage for '07 from the perspective?
Michael O’Sullivan: Just elaborate on that question a little bit. I just want to understand a little bit where you're getting at.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: To elaborate on the question?
Michael O’Sullivan: Yes.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: In terms of let's say improvements in the allocation and distribution process, improvements in markdown management, what would you point to for fiscal '07 in terms of an opportunity to, you know, expand or recover some of your margins purely from an inventory management systems perspective given what you've learned through the first three quarters of this year?
Michael O’Sullivan: Sure. Okay. That's good. I guess I'd respond with a couple of things. First of all, you know, as you know, the systems -- the new systems investments that we made two or three years ago sort of gave us more data than we've had historically. And we are now in a position to sort of provide that data in terms of better, more accurate reports to the merchants and to our merchandise control group. And I think that sort of has two real benefits to the business. One is the merchants are able to get a better read on what's selling and what's not. And I think, you know, it's hard for us to quantify. But as we look at our sales trend, we've been ahead year-to-date 5% on a comp. At least a portion of that sales trend could be attributed to the fact that these merchants have good data to base their buying decisions on. So that's one piece of it. The second is that from a merchandise control point of view, we have I think a good sense of sort of our inventory needs and what levels of inventory we need to support sales. And that allowed us to some degree to turn faster. So one of the things you've heard over the last couple of earnings calls is that we've been able to reduce our inventories. And again, I would say that at least part of that has been attributed to the fact that we just have more visibility now into what our inventory levels are in store, better visibility than we used to have in the past. So I would expect both of those trends to continue into '07 that buyers will continue to have good information to base their buying decisions on. And secondly, we have good data to base our inventory levels on in the stores.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Great. And then, Michael, could you just comment a little bit on the current state of product flows, brand availability, et cetera, with respect specifically to the department stores? We've gone through a clearance mode, gone through consolidation. Those department stores seem to be performing well. We've heard inventory levels remain pretty efficient and lean out there in the supply chain. Any perspective that you can provide on that?
Michael Balmuth: Yes. Actually market availability in most product categories is absolutely fine, and we are pleased in the situation that we sit in being a buyers market in that regard. So the consolidation has not inhibited in any way our ability to access good bargains for our customers.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Has it resulted in any improvements in availability or interest in even providing other opportunities for private-label products or other kind of potentially even down the line owned brands?
Michael Balmuth: I would say in some markets, there's been an improvement. In other markets, it's been static. But overall, it's probably a slight plus right now.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michelle Clark of Morgan Stanley.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Yes, good morning. In terms of the sales weakness month to date, are there any callouts in terms of specific merchandise categories or geographic regions?
Michael Balmuth: Really, I would say the performance has been broad-based. And I'd really want to couch this and keep that we all keep this in perspective. It's really a short period of time, and it's really a very small percentage of the important Novembers-December business. So we went through a similar situation in early August where our customers seemed to be shopping a little later. So you know, we are cautiously optimistic that will be fine. But that said, what we are seeing right now is broad-based…
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: And can you…
Michael Balmuth: …in both geographics and…
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you. And can you detail some of the initiatives that you are undertaking to drive customers into the store over the next month?
Michael Balmuth: Well, we really don't normally get into that from a competitive reason, but all our marketing has been television-based and will continue to be. And beyond that, I'd rather not elaborate on specific initiatives on a call like this.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then just one last question. Can you detail the basis point impact of DC savings, merchandise margins, et cetera, on both gross margin and SG&A?
John Call: Sure, Michelle, let me take you through that. So for the quarter, shrink was better by about 170 basis points versus 195 that we lost last year third quarter. That was offset by about 20 basis points of deleverage and merchandise margin due to carryover markdowns. The supply chain costs and total costs of about 70 basis points split pretty evenly between freight and DCs. Additionally, we had incentive plan costs and option expensing that cost us 30 basis points and occupancy delevered by about a tenth. So if you sum that up, gross margin was better by 40. From a G&A perspective, we did have 15 basis points of leverage in G&A offset by 15 basis points of option expensing. So 40 basis points of improvement on the quarter, add back in the 25 basis points of stock option expensing. So apples-to-apples, it was 65 basis points better in the third quarter.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Kimberly Greenberger, Citigroup.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Great. Thank you. Good afternoon. I was wondering, Michael, if you could talk about the acquisition of the Albertsons stores, those 46? If you've given any preliminary thoughts to the number of stores that you'll likely turn into Ross Stores versus dd's? And then I know that you mentioned on a four-wall basis that your dd's stores are profitable. At what number of stores do you believe the dd's chain will be big enough to absorb the buying and distribution costs such that it will be neutral to earnings and then presumably begin to be profitable?…
Michael Balmuth: Okay. I will take the first part of that. And essentially, we're working through how we'll utilize all the real estate and we'll be in a position to discuss that on our call reporting January sales at the very beginning of February as we walk you through all our objectives for '07. 
Michael O’Sullivan: So on the second part of that question, Kimberly, when we will breakeven at dd's, you know, we are putting plans together; as Michael indicated, more information to come on that. That's what I would say. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Okay. And then, if you could just give us any color, I think you, Michael, you indicated that dd's profitability is running better than you expected. Is that driven by sales that are running higher than where you thought they would run or merchandise margins? Can you just give us, sort of, ballpark color on what's driving that upside? 
Michael Balmuth: On a very broad basis, sales are running better than we expected. The expense lines are well under control. And we're very pleased with the progress we've made in gross margins. So it's coming from a lot of different areas. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Great. Thank you. Good luck for holiday. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you. 
Michael O’Sullivan: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jeff Black of Lehman Brothers. 
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: Yes. Thank you very much. I guess, Michael, have we seen, you know, a commensurate improvement in stores in the Southeast and in the mid-Atlantic region in the quarter? And also, additionally, on the inventory side, are we now where we want to be in terms of sales or inventory per store? Thank you very much.
Michael Balmuth: I'd say on the Southeast our performance has moved commensurate with the quarter with the chain. Okay, certainly, we still know we have a lot of work to do there. And I'm sorry, your second part of the question was --? 
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: Second part of the question was inventory per store. I know we said we could work with lower levels of inventory, but is that where we want it? And how is the inventory mix looking as a move into the holiday period? Thanks.
Michael Balmuth: We think our inventory -- we're comfortable in how we got in line, coming from Q2 into Q3. Assuming that we are on the sales trend that we are projecting, we're very comfortable with our inventory levels. We think we have gotten ourselves in line now. 
Jeff Black - Lehman Brothers: Great. Thanks and good luck. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brian Tunick of JP Morgan.
Brian Tunick - JP Morgan: Hi. Thanks. Mike, I guess first question on maybe you know how the month has started. Can you maybe give us an idea of how last year's month trended by week? Do comps get easier or tougher for the last two weeks for you guys? 
Michael Balmuth: I would say that the comps actually last November -- it's kind of a mixed bag, kind of even throughout the month. So obviously, the last week of the month you have a little compression. So I would say pretty evenhanded. 
Brian Tunick - JP Morgan: Are there any specific regions -- I'm sorry if you already answered this -- that you were seeing the weakness? 
Michael Balmuth: It is pretty broad-based. 
Brian Tunick - JP Morgan: Yes. That's what I thought you said. And then, in terms, you know, I think last quarter you guys sort of felt like you've turned the corner as far as the systems initiatives.  I was just wondering maybe you could talk to us about some highlights, some of the things you have already seen from the benefits of and maybe some things you still hope to get as we look into '07 and people's hard to imagine that your operating margins can get back to the 8% plus area, maybe just some color there? 
Michael O’Sullivan: Sure. This is Michael O'Sullivan, Brian. Let me try and answer that. When you think about systems investments, they really fall into two buckets. There were sort of the information systems and then, there was the distribution network related systems.  Let me just talk about the information systems. And then, Gary might want to just comment on the highlight of the distribution side. On the information systems, we are very happy with what the system is allowing us to do right now, in terms of providing information to the buyers as I spoke about a moment ago and to our merchandise control group.  And we think that to some degree that information is helping us drive that business and manage our inventories reasonably tidily. But I think the other thing to sort of point out is that we're looking at additional things like micro merchandising, which again we commented on in the past, which is only made possible by the systems that we have.  We have a good platform with the appropriate level of data to support what we are calling micro merchandising, which is really just a label for more detailed planning and trending. So I think we've seen some upside already as, I say, in terms of helping us drive our comp and manage our inventories. But we're hoping for more, in terms of some of the additional things we can do with the information systems. 
Gary Cribb: So when you look at DC systems, I think that the DC systems are the enabler for the improvement that we've experienced in our distribution centers. For the year, we are on track to reducing DC expenses by about 40 basis points and we believe that as we move forward, over time that we will be able to continue to improve upon the performance that we've seen. And clearly, are systems are enabling us to do that. 
Brian Tunick - JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks. Good luck. 
Gary Cribb: Thanks
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Margaret Mager of Goldman Sachs. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: Hi. I wanted to ask about the slow start to November and would you -- you would -- it sounds based on your comments of shopping later you would attribute that mostly to traffic related issues -- traffic issue, if you will.  And I was just wondering, if you're doing any advertising this year versus last year or if there was any change on that front that might make that softness specific to Ross? Thanks. 
Michael Balmuth: As I said earlier in the call, our specific advertising changes that we have out for the rest of the month really we wouldn't be elaborating in a call like this. But our primary advertising medium is television and it will continue to be throughout the month and throughout the holiday season. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: Yes. I actually mean historical looking back over the past two weeks versus looking forward. Was there something that --? 
Michael Balmuth: No. No major change. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: No major change.
Michael Balmuth: No major change in these two weeks.
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: So you think it's really just people waiting to shop? 
Michael Balmuth: It's speculative. That's what we experienced in Q3 and it makes us believe that it is very possible that that's what's going on now. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: It's pretty different than what you saw in October, too. So that is true? Or was there a weakening trend through October? 
Michael O’Sullivan: It's true, but I think, Margaret, the key thing is it really is only two weeks. So we could sit here and extrapolate off that but as Michael said it would be speculative. So we're taking it for what it is right now, which is two weeks. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: I agree. But it does also seem to be specific to you as well. So thanks for the answer. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Hi. Can you talk a little bit about the shrink results and where you are in relation to your goal and timing of when you expect to get there? Given the weaker sales that you discussed, is there -- how do you see it transforming go forward versus merchandise margin versus shrink results? Is there IMU opportunity anywhere? Thank you. 
Gary Cribb: Hi, Dana, I'll take the shrink part of that question. As I mentioned, we were covered 175 basis points of the 195 that we lost last year. That leaves us with 25 basis points to recover to get back to more normalized levels.  As we look at the next quarter and the first half of '07, what I anticipate would bring our shrink accrual rate down by about 10 basis points or so, kind of anchor it in history maybe slightly better and continue the programs that we have been executing believe that the trend is going in the right direction. So actually pretty bullish about where shrink may end up as we come through '07.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Okay. And then on the merchandise margin, is there opportunity there. Is it from any particular categories? 
Michael Balmuth: As we go forward, certainly we carried considerably more inventory than we needed in the first half of the spring. So I would look at the opportunity really more at the markdown line.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Got it. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Richard Jaffe of Stifel Nicolaus.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks very much guys. Just a question about dd's DISCOUNTS. If it’s working on a four-wall basis, is the challenge just getting to scale to be able to leverage the corporate expenses, the distribution? And if that is the case, will the Albertsons situation accelerate the turn to profitability for the whole division, dd's DISCOUNTS or is there more to it than that? And then if you could just follow on with your outlook for unit growth regionally for both the Ross and dd's DISCOUNTS? 
Michael Balmuth: Okay. It is a scale issue and as we said we will elaborate on the store breakout that would apply to Ross and dd's when we speak in February. That said, we opened up six stores with dd's this year. We will open up something north of that next year. And there was another part to that question? I am sorry.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Just there's been some challenges in terms of unit growth and you guys have sort of waited for your systems to catch up before you're going to detail out your plans for unit growth either in adjacent markets or filling in existing markets. I'm wondering what your thought process is on that today?
Michael Balmuth: I think we would elaborate more on that in February too. But essentially -- I'm sorry, I need you to elaborate on your question before I go further.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. You started with 15% to 20% EPS growth for the next several years. I'm assuming a component of that will be -- a significant component will be square foot growth and trying to understand how you see that developing over the next year, whether it will be driven by Ross Stores, Ross and dd's, whether it will be a national expansion in adjacent markets as you've done in the past? Or filling in existing markets as you pulled back to -- and trying to understand how that thought process has changed as your results have improved and your systems have become more effective for you? 
John Call: Sure, Richard. As we look at '07, we look to grow our units -- translated onto footage growth because we don't believe the box size will change measurably. So we look at the store count growing 11% to 12% with the Albertsons deal would look in '08 although we haven’t – don’t have any specific plans in '08 around count. We think that would come back down around 8 or 9 and take that going forward. Relative to where the stores are going to go for the footprint of '07. We haven’t come out with that but would say in our existing markets. And we’ll have to apply out the Albertsons and the other stores and again, more information to come on that.
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. But the challenges you felt in moving in existing markets, the real estate challenge you felt a year ago should be viewed as put to bed or effectively addressed? 
Michael O’Sullivan: There are two pieces of it, Richard, that are important to understand. One is the Albertsons deal I think is very important to be clear. The Albertsons deal involves locations that are in our existing markets, strong markets for us and that's why we felt very good about that deal. And that’s why next year you should expect a acceleration in our unit growth, which is kind of the way John just described it. Thereafter, we do have as we spoke about in the past, we do have work to do on our new markets and some of that work is around better assortments. Some of the micro merchandising initiatives I described, and frankly those efforts are going to take a couple of years to reach a point we're going to be happy with. So I wouldn't say the Albertsons deal signals that we are getting more aggressive in new markets because that isn't what the deal was really about. Our attitude in new markets will be driven by sort of our plans around improving assortments in those markets, which as I say are in [decade] I think is in other dds.
Michael Balmuth: Right. And the bottom line of it, we haven't changed our position. 
Richard Jaffe - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah. That's very clear. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Marni Shapiro of [Retail Track].
Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker: Hi, guys. Could you talk a little bit about some of the categories, juniors, men's, and kids in particular had started going into the fall season a little bit softer. Can you talk about the trends going into the holiday season in those areas? 
Gary Cribb: Yeah. I would say men's has strengthened a little. Kid's has strengthened a little and junior's is still a little sluggish. 
Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker: And are you buying into whether at dd's or at Ross Stores into the kid's space in different regions, in different areas, whether it would be toys or furniture, things like that? 
Michael Balmuth: I am sorry -- I need you to elaborate on the question. 
Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker: As you go into the holiday season you've know talked a lot about giftables. So in the kid's area is there something that you are doing differently there or in the junior's area, is there something that you're doing differently there? 
Michael Balmuth: Well, we’ve been over the last couple of years we’ve converted more of our investment certainly in some of the areas you just outlined into more giftables, and we have expanded that again this year.
Marni Shapiro - Retail Tracker: Okay. Great. Good luck, you guys.
Michael Balmuth: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Rob Wilson of Tiburon Research.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon: Yes. Thank you. John, could you go back to Q3 of last year when you guys had the shrink charge? I believe 130 basis points last year was shrink and 65 basis points was related to an accounts payable adjustment. And I just want to reconcile that with your comments today on 195 basis points. 
John Call: You are correct. Last year's 195 basis points was the sum of those two components. And so this year we got back all the 25 basis points that was related to shrink.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon: You're lumping those two together? 
John Call: That is correct.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon: Okay. And also did I get that right? You were down 120 basis points in merchandise margin in Q3 this year? 
John Call: No. Down 20.
Rob Wilson - Tiburon: 20, okay. I am sorry. 
John Call: 20. And that was due to markdown carryovers from the second quarter. I think as has been iterated on the call we're actually pretty pleased with where inventory balances are today, assuming we do the sales levels we need to do in the fourth quarter. 
Rob Wilson - Tiburon: All right. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There appear to be no further questions at this time. 
Michael Balmuth: Okay. I just want to thank you all for attending and have a good day. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-08-16 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Balmuth - VC, President, CEO Norman Ferber - Chairman  Gary Cribb – EVP, COO  Michael O’Sullivan – EVP, CAO John Call - SVP, CFO Katie Loughnot – VP, IR
Analysts: Jeff Black – Lehman Brothers Ken Guyer – Piper Jaffray Brian Tunick – J.P. Morgan Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup Marni Shapiro – Retail Tracker Mark Montag – TLC Ben Strom – DE Research David Mann – Johnson Rice Margaret Mager – Goldman Sachs Rob Wilson – Tiburon Research Group Kim Dao – Pioneer Michael Hidalgo – Tiero Capital Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group Frank Alonso – T. Rowe Price
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Ross Stores second quarter 2006 earnings release conference call. The call will begin with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board, Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Michael O’Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer, John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Katie Loughnot, Vice President of Investor Relations. We’ll begin our call today with a review of our second quarter and year-to-date performance, followed by our outlook and guidance for the third quarter and back half of 2006. We will also discuss our longer-range plans and objectives. Afterwards, we’ll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. Before we begin, I want to note that our comments on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on management’s current forecast of aspects of the company’s future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results or current expectations. These risk factors are detailed in today’s press release and our fiscal 2005 Form 10 K and fiscal 2006 Form 8 Ks and NQs on file with the SEC.  Today, we reported 2006 second quarter earnings per share of $0.32, compared to $0.29 in the second quarter of 2005.  Net earnings for the second quarter of 2006 were $45.4 million compared to $42.3 million in the prior year. Our second quarter 2006 results are inclusive of a $3.3 million, or an equivalent of about $0.01 per share, in stock option related expenses recognized pursuant to FAS 123(R), share-based payment. Before these costs, earnings per share for the period grew 14%.  Sales for the second quarter increased 12%, to $1.308 billion, with comparable store sales up 4% on top of a 7% increase in the prior year.  For the first six months of the year, earnings per share totalled $0.73 compared to $0.62 in the prior year. Net earnings for the six-month period were $104.6 million compared to $92.3 million in the prior year.  Results for the first six months of 2006 are also inclusive of a $6.8 million, or an equivalent of about $0.03 per share, in stock option related expenses recognized pursuant to FAS 123(R), share-based payment. Again, before these option-related costs, year-to-date earnings per share increased 23% compared to the first half of 2005.  Sales for the first six months of 2006 rose 13%, to $2.600 billion, benefiting from a solid, 5% increase in same-store sales on top of a 5% gain in the prior year period. Year-to-date, our expansion plans remain on track with the addition of 30 net new Ross and six dd’s DISCOUNTS locations. We currently operate a total of 770 stores in 27 states. Second quarter sales and earnings were at the high end of our initial forecast for the period, benefiting from broad-based geographic and merchandise trends. The strongest region during the period continues to be the Southwest, which posted low double-digit percentage gains in same-store sales, followed by the Northwest, with high single-digit percentage gains. In California, our largest state, comparable store sales rose 3% while Florida trailed the chain. The best performing merchandise departments were shoes and home. We also realized better than expected sales gains at dd’s DISCOUNTS. Before the effect of about 25 basis points in stock option related expenses, operating margin was relatively flat to the prior year.  As a percent of sales versus last year, an improvement in second quarter distribution costs was offset by higher shrink accruals, freight, store and occupancy expenses.  Merchandise gross margin was up slightly from the prior year, but below plan due to a combination of sharper pricing and a lower than expected improvement in mark-up. Although down from last year, we believe that in-store inventory was higher than necessary during most of the second quarter. Better productivity and efficiencies in our distribution and transportation areas have resulted in faster than expected delivery of product to our stores. This excess inventory that was previously in our supply chain ended up in stores, reducing overall churn and pressuring markdown.  At the end of July, total consolidated inventories were down approximately 2% from last year, and the growth in new stores was offset by the lower in store inventory levels.  Pack away was about 38% of total inventories at the end of July, compared to 37% at the same time last year. We ended the second quarter with average in-store inventory levels down about 5% from the prior year, which was higher than planned, mainly due to a sales shortfall in July when same-store sales rose 1% versus our guidance of 4% to 5%.  As noted in today’s press release, comparable store sales for the first two weeks of August continued to trend below plan and up 2% from last year. In addition, we are entering the fall season with residual inventory and clearance levels that are expected to pressure gross margin during the third quarter. As a result, we are adopting a more conservative outlook for the second half of the year. For the third quarter of 2006, we now forecast same store sales to increase 1% to 3% versus our prior projection of up 3% to 4%. We reported a strong 9% increase in same-store sales in the third quarter of 2005.  Earnings per share for the third quarter of 2006 now are projected to be in the range of $0.24 to $0.27 compared to our prior guidance of $0.27 to $0.29. Financial assumptions for our third quarter projection are as follows: Total sales are expected to grow about 6% to 8% compared to the prior year period; We are forecasting a net addition of about 29 new Ross locations during the period;  Same-store sales are forecast to increase 1% to 3% during each month of the third quarter; this compares to comparable store sales gains of 13%, 9% and 7%, respectively, in August, September and October of 2005. Excluding the impact of about 25 basis points in stock option related expenses, operating margin is expected to be in the approximate range of down 10 basis points to up 30 basis points, compared to 4.8% in the third quarter of 2005.  Inclusive of stock option related expenses, operating margin is forecast to be in the range of 4.4% to 4.8%.  A planned improvement in shrink and expenses related to the accounts payable reconciliation that took place in the third quarter of 2005 and ongoing improvement in distribution costs are forecast to be offset by higher freight, store and occupancy costs as a percent of sales.  For the year, we continue to plan distribution expense to improve about 30 to 40 basis points. As a reminder, we are getting ready to take a chain-wide full physical inventory in September. Our current earnings per share forecast assumes no reduction in shrink results from this inventory; however we are hopeful that our shortage control initiatives will contribute to some level of improvement.  We are forecasting interest expense of about $500,000. Our tax rate is expected to remain unchanged at approximately 39%, and we estimated weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about 142 million.  For the fourth quarter, we now are targeting same-store sales for the 13 weeks ending January 27, 2007 to increase 1% to 3% versus our prior forecast of up 2% to 3%. We reported a strong 6% gain during the fourth quarter of 2005.  For the 14 weeks ending February 3, 2007, we now are projecting earnings per share to be in the range of $0.57 to $0.53 versus our prior guidance of $0.60 to $0.64. Included in our forecast is about $80 million in incremental revenue and approximately $0.06 to $0.07 in additional earnings per share from the 53rd week this year.  Our projected earnings per share ranges for both the third and fourth quarters also are inclusive of expenses equivalent to about $0.01 to $0.02 per share per quarter in stock option related expenses. As a result, for the full 53 week 2006 year we now project that same-store sales will be in line with our original guidance, about 3% to 4%, and earnings per share will be in the range of $1.54 to $1.63, which is inclusive of stock option related expenses to about $0.06 per share.  As we end the first half of the year, both our balance sheet and cash flows remain strong and healthy. After paying off the $87 million synthetic lease for the Southeast distribution center in early May and the $50 million term loan for the Southwest distribution center equipment in April, we ended the second quarter with $67 million in cash and short-term investments. We are currently in the process of arranging long-term financing for these capital investments in our distribution centers. We also continued to return capital to our stockholders through both our stock repurchase and dividend programs. During the first six months of 2006, we repurchased $3.6 million shares of common stock for an aggregate of $99 million as part of the two-year, $400 million program authorized by our Board of Directors in the fourth quarter of 2005. We ended the second quarter with 141.3 million shares of common stock issued and outstanding.  Looking ahead, our focus is threefold.  First, we are working to get our sales back on track by doing a thorough merchandise review of all our areas of our business to identify opportunities to improve sales trends in the second half. Second, we are increasing our focus on managing inventories to ensure that we have the appropriate levels at our stores to drive sales while controlling markdown. Third, we continue to work on the various initiatives we have in place throughout the company to improve operating margin over the next few years. To further reduce distribution center costs, we continue to pursue productivity through engineered standards partnered with an effective incentive program that rewards our associates for meeting or beating pre-established targets for productivity. To improve shrink, we are staying focused on our shortage control initiatives which include a larger number of security personnel and expanded use of the Hart security tags and additional digital cameras. As we said earlier, we are hopeful that these actions will result in an improvement in our overall shortage results when we take inventory in September.  Over the next few years, to strengthen our performance in new or underperforming markets like the Southeast and the Mid Atlantic, we will continue to work on designing, testing and gradually implementing new micro-merchandising tools. We believe this initiative will enable us over time to get closer to our customers by planning, buying and allocating at a more local level.  To sum up, we generated a solid 23% increase before option expense in earnings per share for the first six months which was slightly ahead of our original guidance. In addition, our updated annual earnings per share forecast of $1.54 to $1.63 for 2006 would represent a respectable 13% to 20% growth rate over the $1.36 we reported in 2005. Nevertheless we are disappointed that we were unable to realize stronger profits on the better than planned sales momentum in the first half of the year.  Despite our short-term issues, we are confident over the longer term in the resilience of our proven business model and its capacity to generate solid cash flows and returns. We also remain convinced that over time the strategies and initiatives we reiterated here today will lead to a gradual improvement in our store sales productivity and operating margins, enabling us to deliver 15% to 20% annual earnings per share growth over the next several years.  At this point we’d like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Our first question is coming from Jeff Black with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Jeff Black – Lehman Brothers: Yeah, thank you very much. Good afternoon. I guess, Michael, we’ve had a lot of headwinds on the margin and on sales and I would just love to understand at what point do we step back and say, you know, we really need to lower operating expenses to drive earnings growth on a lower comp. I mean, could you share with us some of the initiatives and tell us, is that an important priority? Because it really was kind of third on your list, if I heard it right. Thanks. 
Michael Balmuth: You know, we’ve been in a several year turn around of our business. We’re making progress on several initiatives. Reducing expenses is part of that. Whether I repeated it first, second or third doesn’t mean it’s less important to us. So we’re going through a thorough review of both expenses and merchandising and we understand that we have to make improvement in this area and we’re working toward it. 
Jeff Black – Lehman Brothers: Are there any specific areas you could call out that, you know, we’re working on and secondly, in your 15% to 20% earnings target, what level of comp, you know, comparable sales, are you assuming there? Thanks.
Michael O’Sullivan: The specific initiatives that we’re working on, transportation is probably one of the key areas that we’re focused on. Not going to go into the details of it, but we believe that, based on what we see and what we’re focused and working on, that we’ll be able to realize significant improvements there. We also continue to focus in on shortage. That’s one of our biggest challenges that we faced a year ago and we’ve implemented many initiatives today in our stores, focused on both internal and external theft and, as Michael stated in his opening comments, that we are hopeful that, when we get our September results, that we’ll see the improvement that we’ve anticipated. 
Jeff Black – Lehman Brothers: Then on the comp guidance? You know, the 15% to 20%, what kind of comp are we assuming you can achieve long-term here? 
Michael Balmuth: When we laid out our plan, we’re assuming about 3% comp. 
Jeff Black – Lehman Brothers: Okay. Great. Thanks. Good luck, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ken Guyer with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 
Ken Guyer – Piper Jaffray: Good morning. I guess I have just a couple questions for you. First of all I was wondering, given recent consolidation within the industry and what seems to be an environment that has seen an increase in both promotional and brand-building marketing in the department store moderate retail channels, I was wondering if there’s anything that you are planning on doing different in terms of reaching out to your customer?
Michael O’Sullivan: you know, we look at our marketing profile continually and as we go through this thorough review in the store, we certainly would be looking, in addition to merchandising, we will be looking at our marketing initiatives by market and being sure that we’ve positioned ourselves the way we want.
Ken Guyer – Piper Jaffray: Okay, what is your marketing spend as a percentage of sales currently and then also what is the breakdown, kind of, of the media mix? You know, within TV, print, advertising, that type of thing.
Michael O’Sullivan: Sure. Overall that runs about a point of sales and the mix is strongly weighted to TV. 
Ken Guyer – Piper Jaffray: Great, and then I guess lastly I was wondering if you could give us an update on kind of the product availability situation now with the consolidation being at least partially completed?
Michael O’Sullivan: Yeah. We’ve had no problems purchasing product. There’s plenty of merchandise around. We’ve basically had our problems controlling our inventories so we have had no issue at all. It seems like a reasonably decent buyers market.
Ken Guyer – Piper Jaffray: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Tunick with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Tunick – J.P. Morgan: Great. Thanks. Two questions. I guess, Michael, trying to understand your comments a couple of weeks ago relative to the sudden slowdown in your business. Is that any category specifically? Can you talk about transactions, maybe, versus ticket?  Then the second question, maybe talk about how your stores are comping relative to maturity, your new stores entering the comp dates versus your older stores? Thanks very much.
Michael Balmuth: So, Brian, let me take the first one, which is the transaction data. Sales for the quarter, the average retails were roughly flat so the comp was driven by an increase in the number of transactions but also in the number of SKUs in the basket that the customer left with.  The second part of your question?
Brian Tunick – J.P. Morgan: How comps look relative to the mature stores versus the new stores entering the comp base, and you really didn’t sort of answer my question. It was last week, or two weeks ago, comments that you saw a sudden slowdown in your business. So we’re just trying to understand what happened in July, you know, to your business do you think?
Michael Balmuth: July business, it slowed down in a very broad-based manner, okay? Both departmentally and geographically. So when that happens at a transitional time in the year you have to take a breath and watch it a little, get through the back-to-school period and understand fully whether it’s a late back-to-school, whatever it is. We are assessing it and tearing it apart right now. 
 Michael O'Sullivan : Then on your other question, the new markets are comping comparable to the chain, if that’s what you were getting at.
Brian Tunick – J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Kimberly Greenberger with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Michael, I know you said you’re assessing the slowdown in your sales. Any sort of initial gut feeling that you have on that?  Secondarily, how long do you expect it to take in order to resolve the inventory overage that you talked about? In light of the earnings shortfall in the second half of the year, how are you thinking about bonuses? Thanks.
Michael Balmuth: Okay. I think it’s too early for me – I have to get through back-to-school before I would have a strong point of view on what transpired in July. Could you tell me the second one again, please? I’m sorry.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Yeah. You indicated that the inventory in stores is running, continues to run above your plan. When do you expect to have that in line? 
Michael Balmuth: Well, I think by the end of August, okay? We were minus 5 coming out of July and we see ourselves moving into where we want to be coming out of August, and then ride it that way through the rest of the season.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Okay, and then thoughts about how you’re thinking about bonuses for the second half and is there an opportunity maybe to reverse prior quarter accruals?
Michael O’Sullivan: If we look at the year, Kimberly, we’re basically within the guidance we started with for the year so I don’t see reversing a bonus accrual. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. Please go ahead.
Marni Shapiro – Retail Tracker: Hey, guys. Can you talk a little bit about the regions where the newer stores were struggling for Ross Stores? If you’ve seen any improvements there and any changes that you’ve made?  If you could also talk specifically about apparel. What is working well, and where do you see the weakness as you come into August even?
Michael O’Sullivan: The newer regions are comping with the trend, with the chain. That was the first part of it, Marni? Could you repeat the first question – question, Marni?
Marni Shapiro – Retail Tracker: The regions where you were seeing some softness last year, the newer regions? You were going back to assess them before you grew them aggressively. How is the business in those areas today?
Michael O’Sullivan: As I was saying, it’s comping with the chain. We still have a lot of work to do to get it ahead, okay, there’s some catch-up there but it’s improving somewhat.
Marni Shapiro – Retail Tracker: Okay.
Michael O’Sullivan: Okay. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mark Montag with TLC. Please go ahead. 
Mark Montag - TLC: Hi. Just a question about dd’s. You had mentioned that sales were up and above plan but I’m wondering, how are you doing in terms of the operational improvements with dd’s? Is it improving to the point where it’s hitting your objectives?
Michael O’Sullivan: We’re seeing some improvement. We’ve been working diligently at it and we’re looking at our expansion program for next year.
Mark Montag - TLC: Okay. So does that mean that you’re on target with where you’re trying to get? Are you behind?
Michael O’Sullivan: Pretty much. Pretty much.
Mark Montag - TLC: Okay. All right. So would that mean that we could perhaps expect a greater expansion rate next year or still slow?
Michael O’Sullivan: We’ll probably wrap that up at the end of the year and talk more about it, but we’re feeling pretty good about the concept.
Mark Montag - TLC: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ben Strom with DE Research. Please go ahead.
Ben Strom – DE Research: Hi. Thank you. Could you just dive in a little bit to the residual inventory, maybe by category, where you’re really having a build-up and where some of the issues are, if possible, like women’s bottoms, denim, etc.?
Michael O’Sullivan: We’ve looked at that. It’s pretty broad-based in terms of the over inventory that we saw, so I wouldn’t call it any one specific category. 
Ben Strom – DE Research: Okay.
Michael O’Sullivan: As Michael said, we’re working to get that back in line and we’re on plan to do that. 
Ben Strom – DE Research: Okay. So nothing stands out.
Michael O’Sullivan: No. 
Ben Strom – DE Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from David Mann with Johnson Rice. Please go ahead. 
David Mann – Johnson Rice: Yes. In terms of your comments on shrink, have you been able to do any cycle counts which have given you any confidence that your shrink accrual may be too high?
Michael O’Sullivan: Relative to cycle counts, we don’t do – we really don’t do any cycle counts per se and we have been testing, if you will, the initiatives that we have in place which leads us to be hopeful that, come September, we’ll improve. We’ll show improvement. Relative to the accrual piece, John – 
John Call: Yes. Go hand-in-hand with what Gary said. So there, you know, we have some indication that we should be hopeful but again, you know, we’ll know when we know in the third quarter. 
David Mann – Johnson Rice: And any improvement in shrink is not in your guidance, right?
John Call: That is correct.
David Mann – Johnson Rice: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Margaret Mager with Goldman Sachs. 
Margaret Mager – Goldman Sachs: Hi, it’s Margaret Mager at Goldman Sachs. Can you talk about specifically the new store productivity? Is this a material drag on the business at this juncture? What is the thought about the appropriate level of square footage expansion, not just near term, but longer term? I have one more follow up to this.
Michael O’Sullivan: I think we’ve said in the past that there are a number of new stores, certainly not all, but a number of new stores in the region of 50 to 60 which have opened in the past few years that are performing at levels lower than we would have expected. We’re doing two sets of things to address that. There are some short-term things that we’re doing and they include looking at what products are selling well in those stores and what products aren’t, and obviously investing more in those products that are, merchandise categories that are. We’re also looking at new stores in terms of stores that we’re opening and how we inventory those stores in terms of assortment.  There are a number of short-term things we’re doing and we believe that those will help. But we also think that there’s some long-term steps that we need to make to make those improvements sustainable and when Michael mentioned merchandising earlier, that’s kind of the project name that we’ve given to those longer term activities. But realistically, those longer terms steps are – they’re going to take a couple of years to come to fruition. So that’s kind of the approach that we’re taking in those new market stores. 
Margaret Mager – Goldman Sachs: So, to my question. Is it a material drag or is it sort of a disappointment across the whole chain, or is the new stores really a standout negative at this point?  Then how does this translate into how you think about expansion longer term?
Michael O’Sullivan: On the expansion piece, I think we said on an earlier call that, until we figure this out, we’re going to sort of continue to expand within our existing markets, where we fundamentally believe we can succeed within all the markets that we’re in today and that’s where we’re focusing over the next couple of years.  As we improve our ability to merchandise new stores and new markets, we’ll start to expand into other new markets, but I think we said that would be 2008 at the earliest. 
Margaret Mager – Goldman Sachs: Okay.
John Call: But, Margaret. Margaret, this is John. So what is going on with our new stores, what it causes us to do is our average store volumes remained relatively flat, maybe up a point or so, and so that put pressure on the expense line so when you have costs faster than average store volumes and we’re working to address that issue.
Margaret Mager – Goldman Sachs: Okay. All right. I guess, you know, at some point, as a management team, do you take a step back and say, you know what? It’s been a number of years now of disappointments for a variety of reasons and, you know, you can point to systems, inventory management, failed – a variety of things over a number of years. At some point do you step back and say, something has changed secularly and we have to re-think things in a much bigger way. Like for example, gross margins just cannot go back to 25% so, you know, at what point do you start to change your thinking in a much bigger way than just let’s try these tactical things to try to improve, you know, our current situation?
Michael O’Sullivan: Margaret, the truth is we do that all the time. So we’re always scanning the environment, we’re always looking at our own performance; we’re always looking at peer retailers’ performance, to understand strategically, has anything changed? We do that in a reasonably rigorous way and, you know, from a customer point of view, has anything changed. Having looked at all those things, customer, competitor, supply issues, we don’t believe anything has fundamentally changed in our business. Our model continues to be, we think, a successful model. Perhaps there have been things that have gone wrong in a couple years, absolutely, and we’ve spoken about those.  The steps that we’ve taken are intended to address those. But do we think that strategically something has fundamentally changed? We don’t. 
Margaret Mager – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Well, I appreciate your thoughts. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Rob Wilson with Tiburon Research Group. Please go ahead.
Rob Wilson – Tiburon Research Group: Yes, thank you. Speaking of change, has anything changed on how you’re spending your TV advertising dollars over the last year, or potentially going forward?
Michael O’Sullivan: Over the last year, nothing has changed and, as we said before, we’re looking at how we’re handling our marketing now and so something could change going forward, but we’re not prepared to talk about it.
Rob Wilson – Tiburon Research Group: Has there been a thought of direct mail? 
Michael O’Sullivan: No.
Rob Wilson – Tiburon Research Group: Okay, and finally, I’m kind of new to your story so I look at your inventory levels and I look at the numbers and I say wow, they’re well-controlled the last six or seven quarters. Can you help me understand why you think inventory levels are a problem?
John Call: Yes. We believe that we have residual mark-downs related to a lack of churn which relates to too much inventory in the stores. I think that we think we can tweak that, bring that down and make sure we get the profitability on the sale. That was one of the drags that we were disappointed about during the first half, not being able to convert.
Gary Cribb: Rob, by having a material difference in how fast we’re moving products through our stores we have – we can see statistically that we can live with less, and that’s really what we’ve been talking about and by the fact that we didn’t live with less earlier, we’re putting too much product in front of the customer even though it might appear to you that we are controlling it well, in our minds we had a material year-over-year inventory level difference because of speed.
Rob Wilson – Tiburon Research Group: Okay. That helps. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our next question is coming from Kim Dao with Pioneer. Please go ahead.
Kim Dao - Pioneer: Good morning. This question is for Norman. Norman, I’m wondering if you could please comment on the Board’s view of the company’s performance over the past three years and maybe what you think is an appropriate timeframe for correcting the issues that have developed over that period.
Norman Ferber: I think as the Board looks at the difficulties that we accomplished in 2004, we knew that 2005 and 2006 would be decent years and we knew there’d be some residual issues. I think we’ve seen some residual issues. As everyone is working diligently to correct them and the Board basically has confidence that this company can come back, as it’s come back in the past, and we can show sustainable 15% to 20% earnings per share growth going forward. So I’d say the Board is confident in the model and confident in the management team.
Kim Dao - Pioneer: The Board also doesn’t seem to have retail experience outside of Ross, certainly not of any great depth. Have you considered expanding the size of the Board to add some folks with greater depth of retail experience?
Norman Ferber: Well, we do have people in the Board who’ve had a lot of retail experience such as Stuart Moldaw and Michael Bush, just two, including myself. But we’re always looking at potentially expanding the Board and that’s something that the Board consistently looks at. But at this point, I don’t think that there’s a jugular issue at this point for this company. We’ve got some short-term issues; we’ve got some long-term challenges and opportunities and those are what we’re focused on.
Kim Dao - Pioneer: You know, because it just seems that the core business that Ross is in is a very good business and it seems surprising to underperform for so long?
Norman Ferber: Well, I’d say that a lot of the underperformance is so long has to do with errors that we made in just things in DC expenditures in 2004 that we have been paying for, although we’ve shown some increase on an earnings per share basis, we’re reasonably up for the last couple of years, our operating margin obviously, you know, has shrunk somewhat and primarily the areas that it shrunk in is in margin and distribution center expenses and shrinkage. Those are very heavy areas, and we believe that just in those areas right off the bat there’s tremendous opportunity to get back to very close to where we were.  So I think over time, I think we’ll be fine.
Kim Dao - Pioneer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michael Hidalgo with Tiero Capital. Please go ahead.
Michael Hidalgo – Tiero Capital: Good morning. Would you please discuss California particularly in light of some of the strange and hot weather they’ve had there and just remind us what percentage of your overall business that is?
Michael O’Sullivan: Would you please repeat that question? You didn’t come through clearly there, Michael.
Michael Hidalgo – Tiero Capital: California. Would you please discuss how the business has been performing in light of the hot weather that has been there and remind us how much of your business California accounts for?
Michael O’Sullivan: Yeah, in the second quarter California comped at a 3 comp which compares with the chain at 4% so slightly below chain.  In terms of the size of the – it’s about 30% of the chain between northern and southern California.
Michael Hidalgo – Tiero Capital: Okay, but was there any – did you see any sort of dramatic effect? I mean, I was out there several weeks ago and it was very hot relative to historical – 
Michael O’Sullivan: Like we said, we saw a decline in sales strength in July. We’re not – we’re not meteorologists. We don’t know to what degree to assign that sales trend to the weather or to other issues so our starting point is let’s make sure our assortments are right and then if the weather turns, we’ll be in even better shape. 
Michael Hidalgo – Tiero Capital: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. Please go ahead.
Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: Good morning, everyone. As we think about the changes that you’re undergoing and some merchandising changes and the benefits in the systems, how do you look – in terms of the timing, why does it take so long to implement and reap some of the benefits? Is there a timeline or schedule that we should look for, like Step 1, this is in place, Step 2, that’s in place, so we’re able to gauge, too, to see that it’s on track? Thank you.
Michael O’Sullivan: I think from a merchandising end, if I’m thinking, Dana, that you’re talking about the system changes we’ve gone through, you know, they’re not inhibiting our business at all. So you can take your timeline to the end and say it’s fine. Now micro-merchandising will take us a few years and we’re developing our full timeline on that and when we get further along we’ll share it, but I hope that answers it.
Michael O’Sullivan: Let me elaborate just a little bit, because think if we were back in 2004 and you were asking that question, we would have said to you the No. 1 priority is stabilize the systems and get them to provide the information the business needs. That’s done, so we’re through that.  We’re kind of in a mode now of sort of getting the system to do some extra things that we’ve never gotten it to do before and that’s helping us. Because the next phase, I think, over the next few years, is to get it to support things like micro-merchandising which, again, are more sophisticated, if you like, but we believe will help our business significantly.  So that’s kind of how I characterize the evolution as sort of how we’re thinking about the systems. 
Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Kimberly Greenberger with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Great. Thanks. John, I was hoping you could detail for us the basis point movement in DC, shrink rate, etc., on gross margin? Also do the same in SG&A?
John Call: Sure.
Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: Then Michael, if I could just ask you one follow up. August, how does the 2% month to date comp compare relative to your original expectations and do you have any thoughts there? Thanks. 
John Call: Okay, Kimberly, I’ll walk you though the leverage points. Merchandise margin was up about 20 basis points before shrink and freight. You take those, shrink and freight together, total gross margin was down about 20, offset by improvements in DC is about 40 basis points. We had in the gross margin line around 10 basis points of option expense.  Related to the store – or the expense leverage, as I said before, average store volumes are putting pressure and headwinds on operating comps. They were up. We had another 15 basis points in options expense on that line as well. So that’ll give you some perspective.
Michael Balmuth: Relative to our sales trends, the 2% relates to – it’s approximately 2% to 3% below what our expectations were for the month. We’re only halfway through it so we’ll see how back-to-school performs the rest of the way.
Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: Okay and then, John, just on occupancy. I’m just trying to understand how, with a 4% comp increase, how you could be de-leveraging on the occupancy line?
John Call: A couple of things going on. There’s a slight of accounting wherein now we have to expense the pre-opening pieces of the rent, just putting some pressure on it. We have newer stores coming to model with higher rents. They’re putting some pressure on it as well. It’s been a pretty consistent theme over the past couple of quarters and probably will continue through the rest of year relative to the de-leverage on that line item. 
Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Frank Alonso with T. Rowe Price. Go ahead.
Frank Alonso – T. Rowe Price: Hi, guys. Just real quick can you kind of elaborate a little bit on – you mentioned exploring some longer-term financing for distribution centers from the other assets. You know, why would you do that? Do you want to free up cash to accelerate share repurchase? I’m just kind of curious because it doesn’t seem like you need the capital unless you’d be looking to buy back more stock which, I mean, certainly makes sense as the stock’s kind of languished here for a few years.
John Call: Frank, let me describe what we’re doing and then tell you why we’re doing it. We’re looking – in the process of arranging some long-term financing, looking for about $150 million in senior debt. We have commitments around that. We will finalize a definitive agreement in the third quarter and probably draw that down in the fourth quarter. Our view is taking longer-term financing on bricks and mortar makes sense and the shareholders expect it to make sense from leverage perspective. Obviously, we’re not that leveraged but we think a bit of leverage is probably smart. Relative to our buyback, our philosophy has always been to deliver excess cash we generate back to shareholders in terms of a buyback and I doubt if we will deviate from that.
Frank Alonso – T. Rowe Price: So there’s no chance you would accelerate beyond the pace at which you’re doing despite the return you would get by kind of buying back the beast you know, if you will?
John Call: Yeah, we don’t tend to be market timers. Occassionally when there has been a huge dislocation, we’ll go stepped up but you know we just have to look at that stuff. 
Frank Alonso – T. Rowe Price: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mark Montag with TLC. Please go ahead. 
Mark Montag - TLC: Hi, just a follow up question. You had mentioned earlier that you expect to grow earnings 15% to 20% on a 3% comp and now you had just mentioned about de-leveraging on a 4% comp and that – I thought you said that trend would continue. So I’m trying to reconcile those different statements and how you can, I think you said get a 3% comp with – and grow EPS 15% to 20%?
Michael O’Sullivan: So the statement related to occupancy de-leverage specifically. We have other offsets throughout the P&L that would give those operating margin improvements. Clearly a disappointment was in the merchandise margin line. We should have had greater follow through on the over plan sales and that’s were we are disappointed. Having said that, earnings per share without option expense was up 23% in the first half so within kind of where we thought it would be on the year. As we looked at the year lowering our guidance given us a little bit more room to be more conservative, I still that we’ll be within the original guidance that we first set out in the beginning of the year.
Mark Montag - TLC: Okay, so just to confirm you – to grow 15% to 20%, you do think all you need is a 3% comp? 
Michael O’Sullivan: Yeah, over the longer term. We think that’s the case as the shrink initiatives kick in, the DC initiatives kick in. You know, we need to make improvements there. 
Mark Montag - TLC: Okay. All right. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our next question is coming from Kim Dao with Pioneer. Please go ahead.
Kim Dao - Pioneer: Hi, just a follow up. If your top line is growing based on current plans for square footage, growth rate and comps somewhere between 8% and 11%, and your margins are 300 basis points below the peak, why is it acceptable to only grow EPS by around 15%?
Michael Balmuth: The statement was 15 to 20, Kim.
Kim Dao - Pioneer: All right, why is that an acceptable number?
Michael O’Sullivan: We think that that level in growing – we believe that’s a controllable level. We believe that gives us the return that we need and we think to exceed that level would take - we think 3% is probably appropriate, and to – the other way you’d drive that is adding more stores and at this point in time, we don’t think that’s a prudent move.
Kim Dao - Pioneer: It just seems that that implies a pretty gradual level of margin recovery.
Michael O’Sullivan: That’s what we’ve said over a period of time. It’s going to take several years to get it back. 
Kim Dao - Pioneer: And there‘s no sense of urgency that it should get back sooner? 
Michael O’Sullivan: Three’s a huge sense of urgency. I think we plan on 30 to 50 basis points per month per year, and we don’t take that lightly. We feel there’s a very strong sense of urgency around that.
Kim Dao - Pioneer: So if you could do 30 to 50 basis points a year then really your EPS should grow a lot faster.
Michael O’Sullivan: Well, you know, Kim, we can walk through that specifically. Stores grow. Add comp to that, to a 3. Total sales are growing, 9 to 11. Operating margin continues to expand 30 to 50 basis points. You get earnings of between 14% and 18%. You do a buyback, that adds another 2%. That gets you 15% to 20% from an operating standpoint.
Kim Dao - Pioneer: Yeah, I think I would beg to differ on the math but anyway, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. There appears to be no further questions. At this time, I’ll turn the floor back over to you]for further closing remarks. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you all for attending. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-05-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO   Norman A. Ferber, Chairman of the Board, Ross Stores, Inc.   Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer   Michael B. O’Sullivan, Executive Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer   John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   Katie Loughnot, Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Brian Tunick, JP Morgan   Ken Guyer, Piper Jaffray   Jeff Black, Lehman Brothers   Kimberly Greenberger, Citigroup   Paul Lejuez, Credit Suisse-North America   Dana Telsey, Telsey Advisory   Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs & Co.   Patrick McKeever, Avondale Partners   Kim Dao, Pioneer Investments   David Mann, Johnson Rice & Company   Michael Whitfield, Hahn Capital
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Ross Stores’ First Quarter 2006 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a question and answer session. After the speaker’s remarks there will be a question and answer period. If you would like to ask a question during this time, please press “*” then the number “1” on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, please press the “#” key. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer.
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer; Michael O’Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer; John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Katie Loughnot, Vice President of Investor Relations. We’ll begin our call today with a brief review of our first quarter performance followed by our outlook and guidance for second quarter of 2006. We will also discuss our longer range plans and objectives. Afterwards, we’ll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. Before we begin, I want to note that our comments on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations about future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on management’s current forecast of aspects of the company’s future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results or current expectations. These risk factors are detailed in today’s press release and our fiscal 2005 Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Today, we reported 2006 first quarter earnings per share of $0.41, up 21% over $0.34 earned in the first quarter of 2005. Net earnings for the first Quarter of 2006 were $59.2 million compared to $50.1 million in the prior year. Our first quarter 2006 results are after $3.5 million or an equivalent of about $1.5 per share in stock option related expenses in connection with the adoption of FAS 123R share-based payments. Sales for the first quarter increased 15% to $1.292 billion with comparable store sales up 6% over the prior year. Strength across many geographic markets and merchandise categories drove out healthy sales gain during the first quarter. The strongest regions are during the period were the Southwest and Texas, both of which posted double digit gains in same-store sales. The best performing merchandise categories continued to be shoes, juniors, and home, which generated solid double-digit gains and comparable store sales as well. We also realized better than expected sales gains at dd’s DISCOUNTS. First quarter consolidated operating margin before the effect of about 25 basis points in stock option related expenses expanded by about 40 basis points to 7.7%. Our improved profitability was driven mainly by a decline in distribution costs as a percent of sales and leverage on other expenses, partially offset by higher shrinkage accruals and increases in both freights and intensive compensation costs as a percent of revenue. As noted in today’s press release, we adopted FAS 123R new accounting rules related to stock option expensing effective with our first quarter 2006 results. The portion of these new non-cash compensation charges that relates to our associates in the merchandizing and distribution organizations is included in cost of goods sold. The balance of these non-cash charges is included in selling general and administrative expenses. The company’s operating results for the first quarter of fiscal 2006 also reflects comparable classification of the company’s cash bonus payments and restricted stock compensation cost. In prior periods, all of these expenses were included in selling general and administrative expenses. For consistent presentation with the first quarter of 2006, we are reclassifying a portion of the bonus and restricted stock expenses for prior periods including the first quarter of 2005. The reclassification for prior periods has no impact on previously reported total cost and expenses, net earnings or earnings per share. We are making corresponding adjustments to reflect these line item classifications to our previously reported quarterly operating statements for 2004 and 2005, and they are now available on the press release page of our website located at www.rossstores.com. As we ended the first quarter, total consolidated inventories were up about 2% driven mainly by the growth in new stores, partially offset by the lower in-store level. Pack away was about 36% of total inventories at the end of April compared to 34% at the same time last year. Average in-store inventories at quarter end was down about 8% on top of a 9% increase in the prior year, when we boosted inventory levels in preparation for our data center move. Our in-store inventory number includes inventory once it is allocated at the distribution centers until it sells through. With the recent improvement in distribution center productivity, we have realized a larger than expected reduction in intransit time to stores, which we believe led to higher than planned in-store inventory levels. This situation combined with the later Easter holidays led to more aggressive markdowns of first quarter receipts in April. Moving forward, we believe that these supply chain efficiencies are sustainable and that we can operate our business on slightly lower levels of in-store inventory. As a result, over the balance of the year we are planning in-store inventory levels to be down about 4% to 6%versus comparable levels in 2005. We believe the trend of lower inventory levels in our business will contribute to a faster and fresher flow of volumes throughout our stores. Earlier this month, we reiterated our guidance for same-store sales to increase 3% to 4% in the second quarter of 2006 and for earnings per share to be in the range of $0.30 to $0.32 after projective stock option related expenses equivalent to about $0.01 to $0.02 per share. The financial assumptions that support these projections are as follows: Sales are expected to grow about 10% to 11% for the second quarter of 2006 compared to the prior year period. We are forecasting a net addition of about 25 new stores during the second quarter including 19 Ross locations and 6 dd’s stores. Same-store sales are forecasted to increase 3% to 4% for the quarter. In the month of May we are slightly ahead of our forecast for a 3% to 4% gain in comparable store sales. For the balance of the quarter, we are forecasting same-store sales to be up 3% to 4% June followed by a 4% to 5% increase in July. Including the impact without 25-basis points in stock option related expenses, operating margin is expected to be flat to down 40 basis points compared to 5.9% in the second quarter of 2005. Modest improvement in merchandize gross margin and distribution and buying costs are forecast to be offset by a higher shrink accrual and increases in freight, occupancy, and store expense. As a remainder we had expected continued pressure on operating margin and earnings during the first half of 2006 from the higher year-over-year shrink accrual and higher freight cost until the anniversary to charge for shortage that we took in the third quarter of 2005. We still plan to take our next full physical inventory in September 2006 and are hopeful that our shortlist control initiatives will allow us to show some improvement in our shrink results when we announce third quarter 2006 earnings. We are forecasting interest to neutral to earnings in the second quarter. Our tax rate is expected to remain unchanged at about 39%, and we estimate weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about 144 million. For the second half of 2006, we continue to plan same-store sales gains of 3% to 4% in the third quarter and 2% to 3% in the fourth quarter. Third quarter 2006 earnings per share after stock option related expenses, equivalent to about $0.01 to $0.02 per share are projected to be in the range of about $0.27 to $0.29 compared to $0.25 in EPS for the third quarter of 2005. Expected operating margin improvement from the lower shortage and related accounts payable expense versus the prior year is projected to be partially offset mainly by higher freight, occupancy, and store expense. For the fourth quarter, which has 14 weeks this year, earnings per share are projected to be in the range of $0.60 to $0.64 inclusive of stock option related expenses, equivalent to about $0.01 to $0.02 per share. This 14-week forecast compares to reported earnings per share of $0.49 for the 13-week fourth quarter of 2005. We estimate that the 53rd week in 2006 will add about $80 million in revenue and approximately $0.06 to $0.07 in earnings per share, which is included in our guidance. As a result, for the full 53-week 2006 year, we now project that earnings per share will increase 16% to 22% to a forecasted range of $1.58 to $1.66 inclusive of stock option related expenses, equivalent to about $0.06 per share related to the adoption of FAS 123R. We are pleased to report that both our balance sheet and cash flows remain strong and healthy. We ended the period with $145 million in cash and no debt after repaying the $50 million term loan for the Southwest distribution center equipment. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we also utilized available cash in early May to pay down our obligation of $87 million on the Southeast distribution center lease. We are currently exploring long-term financing alternatives for these capital investments. We continue to return capital to stockholders through both our stock repurchase and dividend programs. During the first three months of 2006, we repurchased 1.7 million shares of common stock for an aggregate of $48.9 million under the two-year $400 million program authorized by our Board of Directors in the fourth quarter of 2005. We ended the first quarter with 143 million shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Looking ahead, as always our major focus is on executing our off-price strategy of continuing to secure the best branded bargains to satisfy our customers’ expectations. In addition, over the next 18-24 months we will continue to work on developing new micro-merchandizing initiatives to address customer wants and needs at a more local level without compromising our ability to offer our customers a wide assortment of branded bargains. Our primary objective is to strengthen the performance in new regions like the Southeast as well as in below-average markets such as the Mid-Atlantic. This initiative should also be of benefit when we begin to grow again into new geographies in the future. We are pleased with the progress we have made over the last few quarters as evidenced by our recent trend of solid gains and comparable store sales. In addition, as expected, we are beginning to see gradual improvement in operating profitability. For the balance of 2006, we will remain very focused on delivering fresh and exciting main brand bargains every day while also continuing our new micro-merchandising effort, which we anticipate will allow us over time to get closer to our customers at a more local level. We also continue to work on improving distribution productivity and expense trends and on staying diligent in our efforts to get shortage results back to more normal levels. These actions are projected to contribute to a gradual improvement over time in store sales productivity and operating profitability, enhancing our prospects for achieving our targets of 15% to 20% annual earnings per share growth over the next several years. At this point, we’d like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to remind everyone, if you would like to ask a question please press “*” then the number “1” on your telephone keypad. We’ll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Our first question is coming from Brian Tunick of JP Morgan.
Brian Tunick, JP Morgan: Hi, thanks. Michael, a few question for you. First one, since the comp store sales trends have been pretty strong, we are wondering how the new store productivity differs versus mature stores, how much of the de-leveraging of occupancy are we seeing? Where are the new stores preferred versus the mature stores? And the second question is does your second half guidance already assume the higher shrink reserves? Thanks very much.
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, Brian, the first question was new stores and productivity versus comp?
Brian Tunick, JP Morgan: Yeah, just trying to understand, since your same-store sales had been strong, but you have occupancy de-leveraging, we’re assuming it’s the new store productivity that has been dragging it down. Can you just talk about some of the gaps between maybe the new stores?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, relative to occupancy there are a couple of things going on. First is that the average store volumes aren’t keeping pace with the comps due to the newer stores and newer regions coming in over the last couple of years.
Brian Tunick, JP Morgan: How significant is that gap?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We’ve said before that those new stores are kind of 70’ish and in that range, that’s what we reported before and that’s pretty consistent. But we also had a change in accounting that put some pressure on occupancy. While we now expand the pre-opening lease top based on new accounting guidance. We also this year are coming up against some lease renewals for some of the older stores that are putting some pressure on occupancy.
Brian Tunick, JP Morgan: Okay. And the second question, does the second half guidance you’re issuing include the higher shrink reserves?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes it does.
Brian Tunick, JP Morgan: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ken Guyer of Piper Jaffray.
Ken Guyer, Piper Jaffray: Hi, just a couple of questions for you. First of all, I believe last year in the second quarter Florida was a very strong region in terms of sales. I was wondering how this region will be impacted this year given the profitability issues you’ve previously addressed in those newer markets? And then regarding those issues, is it primarily a mix issue related to the region?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Actually, as you talk about the Southeast, Florida is not included in that. Florida historically has done very well and we believe it will continue to do well. So, it’s not improving the Southeast markets that we talked about.
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: And relative to question regarding mix, we believe it’s an assortment issue that has many components to it and mix is certainly part of it.
Ken Guyer, Piper Jaffray: Okay. Then also, with recent consolidation at Federated-May, have you been impacted at all by the clearance activity related to the store closures, and then do you expect going forward there will be any increased availability of product for you?
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: It’s hard to imagine that. We know exactly where the stores were that went out of business obviously, but we had a reasonable comp performance with the quarter. So, we think we were impacted in the first part of the sales, and it became less and less as they went on. Your second part of the question was?
Ken Guyer, Piper Jaffray: Just going forward, do you expect, is there is going to be anymore availability of product due to these closures?
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: It’s hard to say but product availability has been pretty good and the dynamics in the industry are changing based on the consolidation. I do think the consolidation ultimately is a plus for off price for availability.
Ken Guyer, Piper Jaffray: All right. And then lastly, if you could give us any update on the initiatives you’ve used to correct the shrink issue.
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: Sure, there are number of in-store initiatives that we focused on. We focused on increased electronic surveillance. We’re tagging more than we’ve historically tagged in the past, and our worst stores were utilizing express security personnel in those stores to address both internal and external theft, and we’re hopeful that we’re going to see much improved results when we take our physical inventory in September.
Ken Guyer, Piper Jaffray: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jeff Black of Lehman Brothers.
Jeff Black, Lehman Brothers: Hi, thanks and good morning. I have a couple of questions. First, can we get some color on how much of weight on the gross margins in the first quarter. And as we move into the second quarter, we were trying to determine why there would not be a little more upside in the gross margin; I mean we gave up a 130 basis points on the markdown side last year, how much of that do you think we get back? And if the answer is that you took some extra markdown in the back half of the quarter in the first quarter, we’re just trying to get a sense of comps accelerated over the quarter. It looks like inventories were taken down pretty far and that you managed inventory well. So, I just want to get a sense why there wouldn’t be a little more upside in the gross margins? Thanks.
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jeff, on trade for the first quarter, it was about 20 basis points, and we don’t see that trend changing throughout the year with the gas prices. The second quarter was regarding inventory levels at the end of first quarter?
Jeff Black, Lehman Brothers: Yeah, regarding inventory levels and why we wouldn’t see…you know you gave up a 130 basis points on the markdown side in the second quarter last year, how much of that do you think you really get back given that inventory levels are in a lot better shape as we see it heading into the second quarter this year?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So let me turn around a bit. We ended the first quarter, although they appeared low at down 8, we were actually against up 9 last year relative to our data center move. We actually believe our inventory levels at the end of the quarter were a little higher than where we would like them to be, which is going to put some pressure on markdown in the second quarter. So, with somewhat higher inventory levels, as we go forward, we’re going to take those at around 4% to 6%, you should be seeing that, which will allow us to look at trying to pressure merchandising the stores, which will go out to take the business. So, although inventories may appear lower, our view is that they are still a little bit too high.
Jeff Black, Lehman Brothers: Could give us any color on what categories or where we’ve seen these imbalances and why you’re getting them? I mean, you made some comments in the April sales release about the economy being or consumer…
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: Our inventory levels were higher than we wanted in the first quarter. Essentially, we made errors in planning our inventory. It was too high and as we went back and looked at this, we really planned our business up against two years of distorted inventories because of the implementation of core merchandising where we had to upload our inventory at a portion of the first quarter in 2004 and our data center move in our 2005 we had to upload inventories yet again. So, we’re really in many ways planning inventories versus 2003, which is not a good thing for a retailer to be doing in 2006. So, we think that also contributed to what we would say our inventory planning mistake. But, we do believe we’ve now go it under control for the rest of the year and with our DC efficiencies, we think the fact that we can run lower inventories is a very good thing for an off-site company to be doing, and we’re very pleased that we are building efficiencies that puts us in a position to do that.
Jeff Black, Lehman Brothers: Okay fair enough, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Kimberly Greenberger of Citigroup.
Kimberly Greenberger, Citigroup: Thank you, good morning. I’m wondering if you could talk about the 195 basis points that we lost last year in the third quarter on shrinkage and the accounts table adjustments, and approximately what percentage of that cost are you assuming you get back in the third quarter based on your guidance, and does you guidance assume a favorable shrink result? And then secondarily, if you could just give us a bit more clarity on the different components and how much they were moving in basis points in the gross margins in line of the SG&A, that would be helpful. Thanks.
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: For your first part of your question, Kimberly, so the third quarter does not assume any improvement in shrink. The guidance assumes the same accrual rates that we’re using in the first half. Having said that, in the third quarter, we do get the bigger piece of that back. I think it’s important to remember also that last year…and without the inventory accounts table issues earnings would have been up 33% against a pretty tough quarter from that perspective. And the second part of your question?
Kimberly Greenberger, Citigroup: The second part was just if you could give us some granularity on the basis point movement of DC cost in terms of computation, just some additional detail on the gross margin in the SG&A line within the first quarter.
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, DC costs were actually favorable up by about 100 basis points offset by shrink and freight; shrink was about 40 and freight was about 20. So, pretty good DC performance, and again, we have headwind on shrink and freight. In terms of G&A option expense, it was about 15 basis points and incentive plans accruing to about 15 basis points as well.
Kimberly Greenberger, Citigroup: And the occupancy piece within the gross margin line?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, the occupancy piece, because of the 6% cost we broke even, where in other costs we’re planning lower comp and we’re now trying to get that leveraged. If we do better in sales, obviously we will.
Kimberly Greenberger, Citigroup: And lastly on the 6% comp increase in the quarter, if you could just tell us how that breaks down from an average seller’s sale versus the number of transactions? That would be great, thanks.
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. So the 6% comp is driven half by number of the transactions and the other half by the size of the basket. Actually, the average resale is about flat and we are getting slightly more units in the basket than last year.
Kimberly Greenberger, Citigroup: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Paul Lejuez of Credit Suisse.
Paul Lejuez, Credit Suisse-North America: Hey guys, Paul Lejuez. Just last month you made a couple of cautionary comments, I’m just wondering what is it that you’re seeing perhaps out in the field, what are your buyers telling you that makes you a bit more cautious. Gasoline, is that weighing on any particular region of the country? I’m just trying to dig in a little bit more on those cautionary comments.
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: These cautionary comments were really not based on anything our buyers were seeing. Buyers would usually tend to be optimistic, so it has nothing to do with the merchandise that’s available, which is very plentiful. It has to do with that in prior years when there have been gas hikes of a significant nature, we’ve seen a slow down of consumer spending, and that was simply really what our caution was, and still is.
Paul Lejuez, Credit Suisse-North America: Any particular regions that you’re already seeing that, because it didn’t seem that you really ran into that last year when gas was hiked?
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: Yeah, when we looked at it we’ve looked it over longer horizons and one period. And it’s hard to tell even last year if we might have been impacted, we might have done even better. But in other the years we’ve certainly had definitive correlations. Right now, we don’t see it in a particular region, but as you move into the year and get into the winter months, it becomes harder and harder.
Paul Lejuez, Credit Suisse-North America: Okay, thanks, good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Dana Telsey of TAC.
Dana Telsey, Telsey Advisory: Hi good morning everyone. Can you talk a little bit about some of those go-forward systems initiatives that you had in terms of more micro-merchandising and some of the next evolutions? When do you think some of this starts to get hold, what’s the cost and what do you see the benefit being? Thank you.
Michael B. O’Sullivan, Executive Vice President, CAO: This is Michael O’Sullivan, I’ll answer that. Right now, we’re looking at a number of different things that we can do in terms of process changes and systems enhancements. We’re still pretty much at the evaluation stage. There are a number of different things that we could do. We’re trying to figure out which would be the most effective for the business, and frankly we haven’t yet made that determination. In terms of timeframe, I would guess that it will be 2008 before we see any meaningful impact from any of the changes we’re going to make.
Dana Telsey, Telsey Advisory: And will that help your new store productivity in some of those other regions?
Michael B. O’Sullivan, Executive Vice President, CAO: Yes, that’s one of the primary goals, is to improve our assortment in new markets and…
Dana Telsey, Telsey Advisory: And John, how much will that cost and how much is in CapEx this year and next year?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: For the CapEx, again we’re still in the form of state of trying to plan exactly what the system requirements will be and exactly what we’re going to do, so we haven’t actually put a bow around on what the costs will be at this point.
Dana Telsey, Telsey Advisory: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Margaret Mager of Goldman Sachs.
Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. You know, one of the things just observing your company over the past couple of years is that there’s just been a very long series of ongoing disappointments, and I’m sure that you’re disappointed too that things are just not coming together the way the market would hope or investors would hope. When do you think all the noise is behind you and you can really say that you’re on the right footing and heading in a very firm direction forward? Is this the second half of 2006, is it 2007 timeframe, when does all the noise stop in the Ross story?
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: This is Michael Balmuth. We’re actually pleased with how we’re doing. We have said this is going to be a transition. We have said that we are going to make progress on certain issues and we’ve been marching along, making progress in topline. We’re now making progress in distribution. We’re seeing progress in our new markets. This is not a big bang from where we were to an instant success. We see that we are moving in the right direction and that’s what we’ve been articulating that we were going to do, and we are very pleased with where we sit. Given where our performance has been, the fact that this year we’re going to show a 16% to 22% EPS growth and one of key initiatives we are making progress on each and every one of them, we are actually feeling fairly good about the direction the Company is going in at this time.
Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, I thought I heard you say that you were working your inventory decisions based on 2003 data and this wasn’t a great thing for a retailer to be doing. So, I can’t imagine that you would consider that and not a disappointment or a frustration. Now, that’s the essence of the question, when will you really get to a place where you’re kind in the clear as far as decision making with appropriate historical numbers that you can feel really good that you’re making the right decisions.
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: We are that spot now and also we’re not the first in retail to have a slight inventory problem in the quarter. It’s like any kind of systems issue. We just basically gave it to you the way we saw it.
Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. It’s been kind of a series of challenges managing the inventory as far as I can see. With regard to your comments again on the macroenvironment, how do you reconcile that with the fact that you’re running above plan in May. Is your caution regarding the consumer and gas prices just something to be aware of or is it really something that’s happening right now.
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: Well, we’re not economists. We do have historical records that show it does impact retial performance. It has impacted our performance in the past. We are doing better than we’ve expected. We’re happy about that. We attribute that to probably better execution, a good availability of products in the markets. But there is something looming out over us and all resellers, and we’re just calling it out as a caution.
Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Once again the floor is open for questions. If you wold like to ask a question, please press “*” and then the number “1” on your telephone keypad. Our next question is coming from Patrick McKeever of Avondale Partners.
Patrick McKeever, Avondale Partners: Thanks. I have a question on the efficiencies of the distribution side. I was just wondering if you could share a little bit on that one and talk about where the efficiencies are coming; is it primarily in labor, is it pretty evenly spread across your distribution centers, and can you see more improvement there over the next several quarters?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: This is Gary, Patrick. I think as most people are aware, we finished our implantation of the standards in engineering project in the first quarter of this year. And as we anticipated and as we planned, we have seen and we’ll continue to see gradual improvement in productivity. To answer the question about where we’re seeing it, we are seeing it across our network and it’s in line, actually slightly exceeding expectations based on our plan, and we believe that we’ll continue to see similar improvements as we move forward.
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I’ll also add that the first quarter number, the number I gave of 100 basis points was up against a softer number than last year. As we head through the back half of the year, we expect to see gradual improvements but not to the extent we did in the first quarter. We’ve also bringing on balance sheet and beginning to appreciate our Southeast DC which will also somewhat benefit; as Gary said, gradual improvement is what we expect.
Patrick McKeever, Avondale Partners: So, now it’s reached the implementation phase and all of the engineered standards project itself was wrapped in the first quarter and now it’s just a matter of implementing all the standards?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: Yes, that’s correct. So, the standards are implemented now ands it’s really a matter of them continuing to gain traction and as people perform and executive consistently, they improve with time, and we’ll see over time gradual improvements accordingly.
Patrick McKeever, Avondale Partners: And you mentioned that the deliveries were making their way to the store more quickly than you had anticipated; maybe you share a little color on that one?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: I think one of the added benefits of getting better is we get the goods through our DCs quicker and in turn get them into the stores in a faster period of time. I think that if anything we’re watching that, we’re anticipating that we are going to get that quicker and we exceeded our expectations slightly. Relative to quantifying that amount, I’ll give that to John.
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Part of the issue, and in the first quarter we were just quicker to the store, which if you piece out that piece from where the products came from the DCs to the store quicker, meaning goods in the stores, gives us the opportunity to get inventories down the back half of the year.
Patrick McKeever, Avondale Partners: All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Kim Dao of Pioneer Investments.
Kim Dao, Pioneer Investments: Good morning. First of all thank you for releasing your press release a little earlier this morning. I think that helped out some of us a bit. I might have missed it earlier in the call, I’m just wondering if you could clarify again when you expect to get the inventories kind of to your targeted level?
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: We think we’re in reasonable position now and it will be gradually moving down through the next quarter. So I’d say in another 30 days we’ll be back at where we want and we should be able to maintain that through the remainder of the year.
Kim Dao, Pioneer Investments: Okay, great, that really shouldn’t be an issue going forward at all. Your sales are great for the quarter, I’m just wondering if you could comment a little bit on the impact of weather on the west coast, because presumably that actually had a negative impact.
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: Well we say it was a negative. California certainly trailed the company. It was cold and wet and it is certainly not a positive to our key market.
Kim Dao, Pioneer Investments: Okay, great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We have a followup question coming from Kimberly Greenberger of Citigroup.
Kimberly Greenberger, Citigroup: Thanks. This question is for Michael O’Sullivan. What functionality have you started utilizing in your new system and what functionality you think you’ll have an opportunity to utilize in the future?
Michael B. O’Sullivan, Executive Vice President, CAO: The functionality we have in our system right now is basically providing all the information that different parts of the business need, actually providing that in quite a flexible form, and what I mean by that is being able to slice and dice the data in numerous different ways. So, it’s that kind of what we found. In terms of where we’d like to go, the platform that we have, the systems platform actually captures a lot more information than our older systems used to. So we have the potential to do a lot more, to take that information and use it to generate more sophisticated plans or more sophisticated forecasts. We’re looking at how we can utilize that, what process changes will be required, what systems enhancements might be required, that kind of the direction that we’re heading.
Kimberly Greenberger, Citigroup: Are you using it to look at markdown optimization or brand size, color or level of equipment spending?
Michael B. O’Sullivan, Executive Vice President, CAO: Both of those areas I think that we’re looking at in terms of potential for the future, so that’s part of the sort of consideration set of things that we would look at.
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: Yeah, we have not turned those on yet.
Kimberly Greenberger, Citigroup: Okay, great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from David Mann of Johnson Rice.
David Mann, Johnson Rice & Company: Yes, thank you. I just want to clarify a couple of things. On the shrink issue, I think you said you’re hopeful and expect to yield much better results after September. Have you taken any cycle counts thus far to support that?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: This Gary, David. We have recently, literally recently, just completed some individual…really those inventories were designed to ensure that the initiatives that we had in place are appropriate and are having the desired impact and from a results perspective, it’s really too early to tell. As far as the impact on the total company, it would be inconsequential to the total company. We’re really using them just to ensure we’re doing to the right things. We’ll know the results for sure when we complete our full physical in September.
David Mann, Johnson Rice & Company: And then, John, on an earlier question about in-store productivity, I think you talked about 70% of I guess an average store volume. Can you reconcile with the time you made on the last call about the Southeastern stores being at 75% to 80%, are you talking about the same things?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That comment was related to new stores and new markets, and I didn’t say 70. I said in the 70.
David Mann, Johnson Rice & Company: Okay. So, it’s not a change in the performance?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No.
David Mann, Johnson Rice & Company: And then one last question on the gas price caution issue that you have out there that you have some concern about, is that an issue that is somewhat applicable for all markets equally or do you think that you have seen it historically more impacting California?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It’s probably a hard thing for me to say market by market. Our model is resilient in the sense that a certain amount of customers trade down when these things happen, but sometimes there’s a bump in the road and we don’t know exactly where that bump is, will we get resistance when we hit the bump. We’re able to re-price our product by buying opportunistically so we can get ourselves in line to what the customer is expecting reactive to other retailers who are promoting. Probably you have to say the market tends to rely more on driving, or in the winter months our colder markets would be hit harder.
David Mann, Johnson Rice & Company: Okay, but not necessarily an obvious bigger material bump in California?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No.
David Mann, Johnson Rice & Company: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mike Whitfield of Hahn Capital.
Michael Whitfield, Hahn Capital: Thanks good morning. I wanted to ask about the gross margins and you’ve mentioned some of the items that you’ve been working on, and if we were to get through a number of these items shrink, getting the merchandised systems up and running where we want them, can the gross margins approach what it did earlier this decade, 2002-2003 fiscal years?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Relative to the issues that we had, there are a couple of things going on in gross margins, not in merchandised margin. I think from a merchandised margin perspective, obviously sales and accelerating the sales, help to mark an outline and that’s one aspect of the margin. The other part in the embedded margin of the DC comp, which you’re talking about, we anticipate gradual improvement. And the shrink issue is what we’re working on. So, to your question, can we get back to historical levels in operating margins, we think over a period of time and we don’t put a timeframe around that, we’re making gradual improvement. As Michael said, we’re very pleased with where we are. We’re hitting the initiatives we need to hit, we’re seeing incremental improvement in operating margins, based on the earnings guidance that we have out there, indicate improvement in operating margins, so we’re please with where we are.
Michael Whitfield, Hahn Capital: Could you repeat what you said earlier about the impact of last year’s accruals for shrink and what was the impact there?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The impact in the third quarter was a catch up when we actually took our physicals. It was 195 basis points to that quarter. From that point in time, we had been at 35 to 40 basis points, more in shrink. As we get to the third quarter, we’ll look to see how much traction the initiatives got and what our shrink will be, and at that point in time we’ll put to report what that performance has been. As Gary indicated, we’re making progress in shrink and initiatives look like they’re taking both from execution sales point. We’ll know when we take fiscal.
Michael Whitfield, Hahn Capital: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. As a final reminder, if you do have a question, please press “*” followed by “1” on your telephone keypad at this time. There appear to be no questions at this time.
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: Okay, thank you all and have a very good day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s Ross Stores Conference Call. You may disconnect you lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-03-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO   Norman A. Ferber, Chairman of the Board, Ross Stores, Inc.   Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer   Michael B. O’Sullivan, Executive Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer   John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   Katie Loughnot, Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Jeff Black, Lehman Brothers   Jeffrey Klinefelter, Piper Jaffray   Kimberly Greenberger, Citigroup   Paul Lejuez, Credit Suisse-North America   Richard Jaffe, Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.   Michelle Clark, Morgan Stanley   Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs & Co.   Marni Shapiro, Merrill Lynch   Patrick McKeever, Sun Trust Robinson Humphrey   Ben Storm, Variant Research Corporation   David Mann, Johnson Rice & Company   Dana Telsey, Telsey Advisory
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Ross Stores’ 4th Quarter and Fiscal 2005 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. The call will begin with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, please press “*” and then the no “1” on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question, press “#.” If you should experience difficulties during today’s call, please press “*” and then “0” and operator will assist you. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer.
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer; Michael O’Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer; John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Katie Loughnot, Vice President of Investor Relations. We’ll begin our call today with a brief review of our 4th Quarter and Fiscal 2005 results followed by a discussion of our longer range plans and objectives. Afterwards, we’ll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. Before we begin, I want to note that our comments on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding expectations of our future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on management’s current forecast of aspects of the company’s future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results or current expectations. These risk factors are detailed without limitation in today’s press release and the company’s SEC filings including the 2004 Form 10-K, the 2005 Form 10-Qs, and the 2005 and 2006 Form 8-Ks. Today, we report that our earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended January 28, 2006, rose 40% to $0.49 compared to $0.35 for the 13 weeks ended January 29, 2005. Net earnings for the 4th Quarter ended January 28, 2006, increased 37% to $71 million compared to $51.8 million for the 13 weeks ended January 29, 2005. For the Fiscal 2005 year ended, January 28, 2006, net earnings totalled $199.6 million compared to net earnings of $169.9 million for the prior year. Earnings per share rose 14% to a $1.36 compared to $1.19 for Fiscal 2004 before the non-cash free tax charge of approximately $15.8 million or $0.06 cents per share for the latest due to write-down of our former headquarters and distribution center in Newark, California. Sales for the 4th Quarter ended January 28, 2006, increased 16% to $1.4 billion with comparable store sales up 6% over the prior year. For the Fiscal 2005 year, sales increased 17% to $4.9 billion with comparable store sales up 6% over the prior year. Geographic trends were consistent during the year as the Southwest was the strongest region for both the 4th Quarter and Fiscal 2005. In our most important state, California, comparable store sales increased 4% for both the 4th Quarter and the year. Juniors and shoes were the top performing merchandise departments for both the 4th Quarter and the year. Chain store sales to these businesses were consistent up in the mid teens to low 20% range throughout the year. We are pleased with the solid earnings growth we’ve realized in the 4th Quarter 2005, which was driven by a combination of strong sales gains and 115 basis points expansion in operating margin. Growth profit margins for the Quarter rose about 185 basis points, partially offset by an approximate 70 basis points increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses mainly related to higher incentive plan costs. For the full Fiscal 2005 year, earnings benefitted from a solid rebound in sales, partially offset by a combination of higher than expected markdowns related to transitional systems and distribution issues earlier in the year, higher expenses related to inventory shortage in the second half of 2005, and higher incentive plan and information technology costs compared to Fiscal 2004. As we entered the 4th Quarter and Fiscal 2005, average in-store inventories were relatively flat vs the prior year on a comparable store basis. Total consolidated inventories increased 10%, driven mainly by the growth in new stores, partially offset by lower levels of pack-away inventory. Pack-away was about 41% of total inventories at the end of January 2006 compared to 43% at the same time last year. Sales to date at dd’s DISCOUNTS have been encouraging. Our new concept, which we launched in the back half of 2004, offers a wide array of fashions and accessories for the family and the home all at every-day discounts of 20-70% of moderate department store and national discount store prices. During 2006, we plan to open another six locations for a total of about 26 dd’s DISCOUNT stores throughout California. Our focus this year will be on working to improve the economics of this lower price point business model. Looking ahead, despite the challenges we have faced and risks over the past few years, both our balance sheet and cash flow remain solid and healthy as we enter 2006. Operating cash flows from 2005 continue to provide the resources to fund capital investment in new store growth and infrastructure. During Fiscal 2005, $176 million in capital expenditures supported the addition of 75 net new Ross locations, 10 dd’s DISCOUNT stores, the purchase of a new warehouse facility in Marino Valley, California, and other various information technology and infrastructure investments. We currently operate in 734 locations in 26 states. We also continue to enhance stockholder value through our share repurchase and dividend programs. During 2005, we completed the two-year $350 million stock repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors in 2004, buying back a total of 6.4 million shares of common stock in 2005 for an aggregate purchase of $175 million. We entered the most recent year with a total of 144.1 million shares of common stock outstanding. In addition, in November 2005, our Board of Directors authorized a new $400 million two-year stock repurchase program for 2006 and 2007 and approved a 20% increase in our quarterly cash dividend. Looking ahead, although the external retail and economic climate remains challenging, our recent progress and improved sales momentum and merchandise growth margin trends keep us optimistic about our prospects for improved sales productivity and profitability in 2006 and beyond. Earlier this month, we reported that same-store sales in February grew 6% over the prior year, which was slightly ahead of our expectations. Businesses continue to perform slightly ahead of plan in March with same-store sales up 5% month-to-date. As a result, we remain on track to meet or slightly exceed our forecast for comparable store gains of 1-2% in March. Remember that our sales plans reflect the holiday calendar with Easter moving from the last Sunday in March last year to the third Sunday in April this year. As a result, we also continue to project same-store sales gains of 7-8% in April. We expect continued pressure on operating margin and earnings during the first half of 2006 from higher shrink in free cost compared to the prior year until we anniversary the charge for shortage that we took in the 3rd Quarter of 2005. As a result, we are planning earnings per share growth before stock option expenses to be in the low double digits or high-teen range compared to the comparable prior year periods in 2005 for both the 1st and 2nd Quarters. For the 13 weeks ending April 29, 2006, we continue to project earnings per share in the range of $0.37-0.39 inclusive of projected non-cash charges for stock option expense equivalent to about $0.01-0.02 per share for the period. Excluding the new stock option expenses, projected 1st Quarter earnings per share are $0.38-0.40 or 12-18% growth over the 34% in earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended April 30, 2005. Same-store sales for the 2nd Quarter are forecast to increase 3-4% and earnings per share for the 13 weeks ending July 29, 2006, are projected to be in the range of $0.30-0.32, which includes the impact of about $0.01-0.02 per share of stock option expense. Before stock expense, earnings per share in the 2nd Quarter are forecast to increase 10-17% to $0.32-0.34 compared to $0.29 in the prior year. For the second half of 2006, we are planning same-store sale gains of 3-4% in the 3rd Quarter and 2-3% in the 4th Quarter. We look for some continued improvement in our earnings per share growth rate in the 3rd Quarter, but are planning significantly larger percentage increases in EPS during the 4th Quarter. The 53rd week alone is forecast to add about $0.06-0.07 earnings per share on top of the normal earnings growth one would expect during that period. As a result, we are reiterating our forecasted sales and earnings per share growth for the year. For the 52 weeks ending January 27, 2007, we continue to project same-store sales gain of 3-4% on top of a 6% increase in Fiscal 2005. For the full 2006 Fiscal year or the 53 weeks ending February 3, 2007, we project that earnings per share will be in the range of $1.54 to $1.64 inclusive of projected non-cash charges for stock option expense equivalent to about $0.06 per share for the period. Excluding stock option expense, our projected earnings per share range for the 53-week Fiscal year in 2006 remains unchanged at $1.60 to $1.70. Now, I’d like to review some of our longer range plans. As noted in our last conference call in November, we have been focussing on addressing two key objectives: Strengthening our performance in the newer markets we have entered over the past few years, especially the Southeast, and increasing operating margins and overall returns. Our first major new market expansion in over a decade began in 2001 when we entered the Southeast region. By the end of 2005, we operated 106 locations in numerous local markets throughout Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Tennessee. We know that we need to do a better job of addressing customer preferences at a more local level to strengthen the current regional planning processes in place today. As a result, during 2006 and 2007, we will be developing new tools and system enhancements to help us better understand different customer wants and needs at a more local level. We believe these changes will strengthen our ability over time to plan, buy, and allocate merchandise more effectively not only in the Southeast but also in other markets like the Mid-Atlantic where sales productivity and store contribution are below average. As we concentrate on rolling out these new micro-merchandising initiatives over the next couple of years, we expect to focus store growth only in the regions we already serve. We believe this more targeted expansion program will enhance our ability to realize gradually improving store sales productivity and profitability across all regions enabling us to balance growth with gradual improvement in operating margins and overall returns. As a result, we continue to plan total net unit growth of about 8% in Fiscal 2006 consisting of approximately 55 Ross and 6 dd’s stores all in existing regions. In conclusion, we are pleased with the progress we made during 2005 in executing our core strategy of delivering name-brand bargains to customers as evidenced by our recent trend of solid gains in comparable store sales. In addition, although we faced some transitional short-term issues that impacted profitability, we were still able to deliver respectable earnings growth in 2005, a testament to the strength and resilience of our business model. During 2006, we plan to remain focussed on what we believe are the key initiatives that will contribute to ongoing improvement over the next few years in both sales and profitability: Developing tools and processes to improve our ability over time to plan, buy, and allocate merchandise at a more local level with the goal of improving the quality of the main brand bargains we offer in all markets, working to realize ongoing improvement in distribution productivity and expense trends, and staying diligent in our efforts to get a shortage result back to more normal levels. We believe these initiatives will result in a gradual improvement in store sales, productivity, and operating margins, enhancing our ability to realize our targets of 15-20% earnings per share growth over the next several years. At this point, we’d like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to remind everyone. If you would like to ask a question, press “*” and then “1” on your telephone keypad. We’ll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question is coming from Jeff Black of Lehman Brothers.
Jeff Black, Lehman Brothers: Thank you very much. Congratulations on a good Quarter. I guess, Michael, I had a question about the real estate strategy, specifically as it relates to your analysis of new markets, and to what extent do we think there could be real estate issues involved in terms of the sites you’ve collected? Where are the ideal locations for Ross? Have we moved somewhat out of that ideal location and demographic in the Southeast or do you think that’s just not part of the issue in this whole merchandising?
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: We’ve looked at this very closely, and we’re very confident that the issues are not real estate; they’re not anything else for merchandise. We’ve discussed this, spent a lot of time on it, and we have an action plan to resolve it over the next several years.
Jeff Black, Lehman Brothers: Okay great, that’s it from me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Jeffrey Klinefelter of Piper Jaffray.
Jeffrey Klinefelter, Piper Jaffray: Yes, just a couple of quick questions, one on the sort of the changing landscape here with respect to department stores and other major change in terms of consolidation. When you talk at all about what sort of opportunity this presents, short-term this year as those stores consolidate but also more kind of medium-term in terms of the types of brands that you’ll have access to and potentially even be able to partner up with a little bit more directly than you would have historically, and I want to follow up on the store shrink.
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Obviously, the landscape is changing. As we look at this year, on a short-term basis, it’s a bit of a negative as Federated closes some locations when one’s going out of business sales and they exploited that in January and continue it in the 1st Quarter. So, it is a negative. The positive is that there has been inventory as May company resources, which many of those also are Federated resources, have additional product. Additionally, it creates a situation where I think our sector becomes more important to the marketplace. So, there aren’t specific vendors that I would discuss, but I’d say across the board, it enhances the relationships that our sector would have in the marketplace.
Jeffrey Klinefelter, Piper Jaffray: Okay great. And this is a quick followup, store shrink, you recognize as an issue obviously after that last physical inventory and I know you’re planning to do another one in May, any initiatives or anything you can talk about that you have been pursuing or implementing to improve that in between these two physical inventories, to give us a sense for how much it’s improved?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jeff, this is John. Relative to when we’ll place the next physical, it will be the 3rd Quarter and not the 2nd Quarter. So, we will take a full store inventory again in the 3rd Quarter this year.
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: Jeffrey, this is Gary. Relative to the measures we’ve taken, as there are numerous measures, first of all we believe that some of the shrink was related to our systems issue and distribution issues that we’ve had in the past, and we believe that that’s all behind us today. Relative to the in-store shrink, we have implemented a number of measures focussed on both internal and external shortage and are implementing these initiatives focussed on an end-store level, so it’s a store-by-store basis.
Jeffrey Klinefelter, Piper Jaffray: Is there any way that you’ve been able to measure to date — I know it’s early — but have you been able to measure any improvement?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: We believe that we’re focused in the right areas and are seeing a result accordingly, but we really won’t be able to tell until we take the full store inventory.
Jeffrey Klinefelter, Piper Jaffray: Okay, so there will be no count until sometime in the 3rd Quarter, right?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: That’s right.
Jeffrey Klinefelter, Piper Jaffray: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Kimberly Greenberger of Citigroup.
Kimberly Greenberger, Citigroup: Great, thank you, good morning. John, I was hoping you could help us understand a little bit more about the growth margin improvement in the Quarter, the 185 basis points. If you could talk about the contribution from improved merchandise margins as opposed to occupancy leverage and distribution center expenses; that would be helpful? And then if you could talk about your current distribution center capacity, you’ve got the 3 DCs plus the warehouse now, how do you feel you’re positioned? Do you in fact have some excess capacity and when do you think you might be in a position to utilize the full resources of distribution you have at this point? And lastly, if you could just talk about engineered standards, if they’ve been finalized or are they being rolled out, just a status update on that and that would be helpful? Thanks.
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Kimberly, I’ll take the first part of that question. As you mentioned, growth margin for the Quarter was up 185 basis points, which benefited from 100 basis points improvement in merchandise growth margin inclusive of about 70 basis points of higher shrink in trade. Distribution costs improved by about 30 basis points and we have about 55 basis points of leverage in occupancy…
Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: Kimberly, Gary here. Relative to the DC’s, we really have 4 DC’s and we mentioned the warehouse that we have in Marino Valley, but we believe we have enough capacity to take us really beyond 2007, and any future plans will really depend on what growth looks like after 2006.
Kimberly Greenberger, Citigroup: And an update on the engineered standards?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: Engineered standards are going exactly as we planned. We completed the rollout in January. We’re seeing the gradual improvement that we had planned all along, anticipate it over the next couple of years, we’ll continue to see that same type of improvement.
Kimberly Greenberger, Citigroup: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Paul Lejuez of Credit-Suisse.
Paul Lejuez, Credit-Suisse-North America: Hey guys Paul here. Could you just remind us for ’05 the gross margin went flattish the last year, but putting together the pieces of the puzzle how we got there in merchandise margins, the DC and the leverage? And then, can you also talk about if there are any specific challenges that you’re currently seeing in the DC’s? We know that you’ve had some trouble leveraging those costs; are there any particular issues that you’re having currently?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Paul, I’ll take the first piece on the elements of gross margin. Gross margin for the year was down about 15 basis points. Components to that, gross margin was up 60 basis points due to some of the issues; we talked about transitional issues, markdown issues, and shrink issues.
Paul Lejuez, Credit-Suisse-North America: Merchandise margins…
John G. Call, Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, earlier in the ’05 year. Occupancy, however, levered withdrawing costs of about 45 basis points, which gave the 15 basis points.
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: On the question on DCs, we’re really not facing any dramatic issues. I think, as I said earlier, we’re on track with achieving results that we’ve anticipated with engineered standards. Now, anytime you’re dealing with individuals, it’s about really making sure that they have a good understanding of the project and a good understanding of what’s expected, and we’ll continue to address those challenges as we move forward.
Paul Lejuez, Credit-Suisse-North America: Have you seen big turnover in the DCs?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: Our turnover is right in line with what we’ve seen historically and what we plan on. It’s right in line with expectations.
Paul Lejuez, Credit-Suisse-North America: Okay, thanks, good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Richard Jaffe of Stifel Nicolaus.
Richard Jaffe, Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Thanks very much. A question on dd’s DISCOUNT, and I’ve guess you’ve mentioned of improving the economics. Keeping it on the price points in your differentiation of Ross to dd’s and what do you think will be the key opportunities to improve the economics there?
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: The biggest issue is probably about 12-15% differential on average price between the two companies, and it creates the obvious problems in moving more units, selling more units, processing more units throughout the whole network. So, there are cost issues there that we’re working through and trying to come up with actually better ways to run the business than we have. The second part of the question was?
Richard Jaffe, Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: I guess, Ross’ price point is about 12 and dd’s is about 10, is that a good ballpark?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, actually Richard, Ross’ average selling price point is more around 10 and dd’s will be on top of that.
Richard Jaffe, Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: About 15% below that?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Richard Jaffe, Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: I guess, looking at the real estate for dd’s, clustering an opportunity to keep the stores in the same market for shipping, for trade benefits, for management benefits, is that part of the plan?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: We plan to keep it in the same markets because we think there are opportunities in those markets, that’s our strategy corporately, we want to stay in existing markets. We see no reason to expand beyond existing markets there, and I want to qualify that average price point, differentials is between 10 and 15.
Richard Jaffe, Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: 10 and 15%?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, right.
Richard Jaffe, Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Michelle Clark of Morgan Stanley.
Michelle Clark, Morgan Stanley: Hi guys, good morning. Given the slowdown in inventory shortage that we’re seeing in the wholesale channel, has that been a positive impact for pricing for you?
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: Could you repeat that please?
Michelle Clark, Morgan Stanley: Yeah, so if you take a look at inventory shortage was in the wholesale channel, those have been slowing, we’re just wondering if that has any positive impact from the pricing that you’re receiving?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Usually it would.
Michelle Clark, Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Margaret Mager of Goldman Sachs.
Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs & Co: Hi. I have a couple actually. First of all, on the same-store sales for March, I think you said it was running up 1-2%, is that right so far?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: No what we said is March is up 5%.
Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs & Co: Okay. Now, what is the impact of Easter on March?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: Well, essentially while we’re going to push a lot of sales into April and we have broadcasted 4th of March to be up 1-2% and April to be up 7-8%. So, it’s fairly significant.
Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs & Co: Okay, so it looks like a 3-point sling?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, a couple of points.
Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs & Co: Alright. Can I just ask about the remainder on the shrink issue, was that pilferage in your store from employees, customers, or was there a booked physical inventory reconciliation issue?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: I think we had a little of both. We believe that a portion of the shrink was related to our systems and distribution channels that we experienced in the past. We understand that, we believe that’s completely behind us now, and then we also quantify how much of it really was in-store-related shrink, both internal and external, and clearly are targeting both of those issues.
Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs & Co: Could you talk about what kind of percentage shrink was running at?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, we haven’t talked about exactly where shrink was running. Historically, it has been below that retail average of 2. We know shrink for the year, for ’05, was about 35 basis points.
Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs & Co: On the system changes that you want to make to address localization of merchandising in your Southeast stores, can you give any more color on that, especially in light of a lot of the challenges you’ve had with your systems feasibly merchandizing more broadly across Ross? What would make you guys feel comfortable that you’ll won’t have further issues as you change something in your system related to that localization? Can you talk about how you’re going to do this in any more detail, and also help us understand why it won’t result in another glitch?
Michael B. O’Sullivan, Executive Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer: This is Michael O’Sullivan, Margaret. I’m going to answer that in two ways. The first is, the objective of what we want to do is make sure that the merchandise assortment in each store is more tailored to that particular store’s needs and trends; that’s the objective. We are frankly looking through the different ways of doing that and obviously looking at a balance of making that as effective as possible without sort of incurring incremental risk, and part of the way we’re going to manage that risk is to be both cautious about how we pilot any changes that we make.
Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs & Co: That’s something different in the approach than what was done in the previous two years as you rolled out your new system, you’ve changed your approach?
Michael B. O’Sullivan, Executive Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer: I think it’s fair to say we’re going to be more cautious and we’re going to pilot more than perhaps we had in the past.
Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs & Co: Okay. Then lastly, if you could please, the EBIT margin outlook, is it possible at some point to get back to the 9.5% level and what are the one or two things that would have to happen to achieve that and what kind of time frame do you think is realistic to approach that kind of level of EBIT margin?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Margaret, over the next several years we have been balanced on the timeframe standpoint that the Ross Stores’ model can deliver that sort of getting back to more historical norms as we continue to focus on our three principle areas of business, new store productivity in some of our newer markets. We got to get that back to pace. We’ll continue to focus on the DCs front from activity standpoint, and we’ll continue to focus on the shrink initiative, and that’s what the enterprise is focused on. We think much of our success around those three dimensions gives more reason, in our view, why more historical levels could be achieved.
Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs & Co: So, in your view, there’s nothing that’s changed from the competitive landscape or anything external to Ross that would imply that the company’s level of profitability is more appropriate at a slightly lower level than achieved in the past?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, we’re not seeing anything from a competitive market. We looked in our markets where we have historically been there performing well, we think it’s going to be gradual and we think it’s going to be over a period of time.
Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs & Co: Okay, roughly the timeframe?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: We haven’t thought of a timeframe.
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: We’re focused on fixing our issues in the company and staying on the course that John outlined, and that is more important to us than establishing a short-term benchmark. We’re extremely focused on a short list of priorities that’s right for this company.
Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs & Co: Okay, thank you all.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Marni Shapiro of Merrill Lynch.
Marni Shapiro, Merrill Lynch: Hey guys, congratulations on a great quarter. Could you talk a little bit…I’m looking at merchandise trends, a little bit of what’s happening at Ross, if issues continue to remain, do you believe that’s coming into margins with shrinks even, and then the difference between trends that you’re seeing at DD’s versus Ross Stores? And then, finally, one last thing, as you are looking into these new markets, you talked about concerns for merchandise regionally versus urban-suburban more specifically, have you started kind of filling out the layers there, any input you can give us?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: Okay. The early spring is really consistent with where we were last year, juniors and shoes continue to lead the pack. The home business will come out of the box very strong. The home getting much stronger is really the biggest difference from where we were trend wise coming into the year. I don’t think that trends are very different in dd’s as it relates to juniors and shoes. Okay, they both are very, very strong; the young businesses now in DD’s are a little bit stronger than they are at Ross.
Marni Shapiro, Merrill Lynch: Meaning this is for children?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Children, I’d say young men, it’s stronger there too. And the third part of your question was?
Marni Shapiro, Merrill Lynch: But as you’re in these new regions, you’ve said that you were merchandising your stores by region versus urban, suburban, and a lot of things like that…have you think you’ve figured out already…
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: For some reason you’re breaking up as you were asking that last part of the question twice.
Marni Shapiro, Merrill Lynch: I’m sorry about that. I was curious if you’ve sort of figured anything out in those medium urban stores versus suburban stores, some of the differences that you’re timing, any inputs we could have?
Michael B. O’Sullivan, Executive Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer: This is Michael O’Sullivan Marni. The plan that we share at this point — it’s not all about assortment first — is just a portion of our assortment that we think we need to customize depending on where the store is, and it’s not just urban versus sort of rural, it is a whole mix of other things in terms of other demographics. So, these are all the number of things that we’re looking at and the ____has just sort of prioritized those.
Marni Shapiro, Merrill Lynch: Okay, great, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Patrick McKeever of Sun Trust Robinson Humphrey.
Patrick McKeever, Sun Trust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks very much. Just a question on the 53rd week adding between $0.06 and $0.07 per share to EPS in Fiscal 2006, why is that so significant, it seems significant to me anyway relative to what we’re expecting elsewhere?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, if you look at what we think that last week of sales will do, I don’t think it’s out of the ordinary going out at 53rd week. Five years ago it was kind of similar dimensions.
Patrick McKeever, Sun Trust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, fair enough. Back to the Southeast, in terms of adjusting the merchandise assortment, why, Michael, you said you thought that would take maybe two to three years before you kind of got it right, why would it take so long? Is that just in an effort to be very conservative and pilot various changes and so forth?
Michael B. O’Sullivan, Executive Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer: This is Michael O’Sullivan. In an open price business, there are different constraints in terms of supply and matching up that supply with the trends that we see in the stores is not a trivial thing to do. So, there is some complexity around it and we’re working through those complexities. I think we’ll be 24 months before we’re at a position where we’re actually seeing benefits from that.
Patrick McKeever, Sun Trust Robinson Humphrey: And how fast are you turning inventories at the store level?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We’re turning at historical levels, we turned those inventories around six times.
Patrick McKeever, Sun Trust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, and then just one last question on the buying side of things with your key competitor out talking about refocusing on core off-price disciplines and buying closer to need and so forth, have you seen any change in the buying landscape as it relates to the competition to buy the better merchandize that’s out there?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: Not really. You know, we’ve always met up with TJX and our suppliers, we still meet with them, and nothing that we see materially different.
Patrick McKeever, Sun Trust Robinson Humphrey: That’s great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have a few more participants in the queue, but as a reminder, if you would like to ask a question, press “*” and then the “1” on your telephone keypad. Your next question is from Ben Strom of Variant Research.
Ben Strom, Variant Research Corporation: Hi, thank you. Just in addition to the planning at the local level here, and I guess you just said about 24 months to see the benefits from that, are there any other initiatives you have for improving the new stores like local marketing events or increasing local advertising, etc.?
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: No, we’ve gone through this before and we’ve looked at troubled regions, our conclusion has always been its merchandise, and we feel our marketing levels are appropriate and really are not the key driver as we see it in our price. We’re comfortable with our marketing levels, we’re not comfortable with what we’re putting in these stores, and the customers are comfortable with that, and it’s the apparent option today that we look at. In our price, our opinion is that if you put the right merchandise in the store you’ll succeed. It’s not a marketing drive.
Ben Strom, Variant Research Corporation: So there are areas of the…O’Sullivan also certainly said that this portions that when you look at urban versus suburban, can you elaborate on that at all, where the starting point is then, is it on the women’s side or men’s?
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: It really runs across the board and it’s not as simple as urban as suburban. If you think about, we have a region and I’ll use the Southeast. You’ll find the South-East and you think of Mississippi and you think of any urban section or a downtown area in the Atlanta market, there are different wants and needs of those customers, and we’re sorting them out differently enough right now. They need to be much more localized. Both customers are very good customers and they want different types of clothing, and our current processes and systems don’t make that an easy thing for us to do, and it’s very important if anything we take on in regards to localized merchandizing that we’re not disrupting our whole business flow. So, just buying differently for one region really is taking on changes of processes in the company, and that takes time and that’s what we want to do with a lot of care and not try and rambler something in and have a blow up.
Ben Strom, Variant Research Corporation: Great, just lastly on the real estate, can you elaborate on where the new stores, the 55 Ross Stores, is there any region you’re predominantly planning 55 stores?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The same that was reflected last year on a percentage term basis.
Ben Strom, Variant Research Corporation: And ’07, did you say anything about ’07, the growth rates there?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, we haven’t talked about that.
Ben Strom, Variant Research Corporation: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from David Mann of Johnson Rice.
David Mann, Johnson Rice & Company: Hi, thank you. In terms of the growth potential you have in existing markets, can you give us a sense of what that is relative to the number of stores you have now?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: We think we have significant potential to grow in the markets where we are today, which is why that’s where we’re focused today over the next couple of years with our real estate strategy.
David Mann, Johnson Rice & Company: And the growth you’re talking about, like in the 55 stores, will some of those go into the markets where you’re seeing some underperforming stores?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: Yes, we’ll continue to in-fill those markets. We think that of achieving skills is important for us to achieve our goals.
David Mann, Johnson Rice & Company: In terms of that, can you just comment generally about the traffic trend in those relatively underperforming markets versus the other markets? Is there an issue of name recognition or need for more advertising?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: No, in the information we’ve looked at, we don’t see that we have a name recognition problem in total. What we do have is an assortment issue. So, our opinion and our information is not that we have trouble getting people into our store or they don’t know who we are.
David Mann, Johnson Rice & Company: Okay. Back in the late 90’s when you had issues in the Mid-Atlantic, you sort of talked about the relative sales productivity issues versus that underperforming market in the rest of the chain, can you just give us an idea in the Southeast how much underperforming it is relative to let’s say the $300 per square foot the chain was feeling?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, let’s say an average store got 100% of square feet, is somewhere in the mid 70’s around that. When we had the issue in the Mid-Atlantic I think it was kind of a similar level.
David Mann, Johnson Rice & Company: I’m sorry, I didn’t catch that John.
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In the Mid-Atlantic that you were referring to back in the late 90’s, I believe, I think that started in the kind of 80’s, is my recollection.
David Mann, Johnson Rice & Company: 80% of the average sales productivity?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah.
David Mann, Johnson Rice & Company: Okay, so they’re running probably less than 250 a foot?
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
David Mann, Johnson Rice & Company: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. You next question is from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory.
Dana Telsey, Telsey Advisory: Good afternoon everyone. Can you talk a little bit about category regionalization? Given that you mentioned that stores need to have more specificity in some the regions, what are you doing on the buyer’s front for that, given that you’ve always added some new buyers each year? How is that going to look this year and in what categories? And lastly on the CapEx front, anything changing with the new stores that you’re opening, how much of cost to open the size or the look of the stores that you’re finding given some the consumer studies that you’re doing? Thank you.
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: Okay, on the first part of the question, we’re not planning any extraordinary growth of buyers this year. We don’t do that. We’re still working through a lot of our issues here. A lot of what we’re working on will be more in allocation and planning, and certainly there will be some new buyers along the way, but nothing extraordinary this year at all.
John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Can you repeat the second part of the question?
Dana Telsey, Telsey Advisory: On the CapEx in terms of the new stores, anything changing in the size, the look, the cost to open the new stores that you’ve found from some of the studies that you’ve been doing.
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: I would say that there really aren’t any changes. We anticipate that we’ll use the similar model prototype that you’ve seen over the last few years.
Dana Telsey, Telsey Advisory: And in terms of CapEx, what about any remodels of existing stores this year coming up?
Gary L. Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer: As we go through our CapEx, we will continue to refresh stores for rest room refurbs and dressing room refurbs, no remodels per se, but touchups along the way, similar to what we’ve done over the past several years. We didn’t quite keep a trend _____. And I would add that we’re not really remodeling stores per se. We are in a constant state of refreshing, whether it’s replacement of older outdated fixtures or we have a new demand, or increased flexibility. You’ll see us across the chain this year and next year continuing to refresh our stores.
Dana Telsey, Telsey Advisory: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s question and answer session. I would like to hand the floor back over to Michael Balmuth.
Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and CEO: Thank you all and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect your line and have a wonderful day.
