===== 2025 Q3  (2025-02-27 07:00:00) =====
Crystal Beiting: Good morning. This is Crystal Beiting, Vice President, Investor Relations and Financial Planning and Analysis for The J. M. Smucker Company. Thank you for listening to our prepared remarks on our Fiscal 2025 Third Quarter Earnings. After this brief introduction, Mark Smucker, Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, will give an overview of the quarter’s results and an update on strategic initiatives. Tucker Marshall, Chief Financial Officer, will then provide a detailed analysis of the financial results and our updated fiscal 2025 outlook. Later this morning, we will hold a separate, live question-and-answer webcast. During today’s discussion, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Additionally, please note we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures management uses to evaluate performance internally. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements and details on our non-GAAP financial measures in this morning’s press release. Today’s press release, a supplementary slide deck summarizing the quarterly results, management’s prepared remarks, and the Q&A webcast can all be accessed on our Investor Relations website at jmsmucker.com. We invite all interested parties to join us at 8:30 am Eastern Standard Time today for a live question-and-answer session with management to further discuss our third quarter results and outlook for the full 2025 fiscal year. Please contact me if you have any additional questions after today’s question-and-answer session. I will now turn the discussion over to Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Crystal, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, we continued to build on our strong start to the fiscal year. Net sales for the quarter would have been above our expectations, however, we experienced certain supply chain disruptions that negatively impacted our results, which I am pleased to say have been resolved. Despite these factors, and through disciplined cost management and execution, we delivered adjusted earnings per share that exceeded our expectations. This momentum enabled us to increase our full-year adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow guidance. Our strategy is working, and we are delivering positive results in a dynamic operating and consumer environment. We continue to prioritize resources towards our key platforms with the largest growth opportunities. Starting with the Uncrustables brand, which grew net sales by 15% at the total Company level in the quarter. Growth was driven by our national advertising campaign, distribution gains, and new merchandising investments to drive trial and awareness. These actions continue to increase household penetration and fuel our ambition to have Uncrustables sandwiches everywhere. The number 1 SKU in the total freezer aisle is now an Uncrustables sandwich, with two SKUs in the top 10. And, the Uncrustables brand is leading the entire freezer in new buyers for households with kids, Millennials, and Gen Z. We are now expanding into C-store and continue to secure commitments as we anticipate further growth in this channel. We have also accelerated our innovation efforts. The new Uncrustables Peanut Butter and Raspberry Spread sandwich has exceeded our expectations and is proving to be highly incremental. With this incredible momentum fueling the Uncrustables brand, we continue to anticipate full-year net sales for the brand to be over $900 million this fiscal year. Second, the Café Bustelo brand continued its momentum as one of the fastest-growing brands in the at-home coffee category. The brand gained dollar and volume share in every segment it competes in, including the mainstream, one cup, and instant categories in the latest 13-week period. In the quarter, the Café Bustelo brand grew net sales by 15%, continuing its momentum of double-digit net sales growth. We remain focused on expanding the Café Bustelo brand nationally and broadening its consumer audience, through marketing and innovation. We are launching new roast profiles of the Café Bustelo brand in both pre-pack and K-Cup formats in the summer and have already received strong retailer acceptances. We are also providing consumers with convenient offerings in cold coffee to drive incremental occasions. We recently launched Café Bustelo multi-serve, which is off to a strong start. Further, we are launching the Café Bustelo brand into a single-serve ready-to-drink format next fiscal year at select retailers. Next, the Milk-Bone and Meow Mix brands. In the quarter, the Milk-Bone brand experienced supply chain disruptions. We're back to full production and anticipate returning to full distribution in the fourth quarter. We remain highly confident in the Milk-Bone brand, which led the category in innovation for the fourth straight calendar year. Our innovation continues to perform, with Milk-Bone Peanut Buttery Bites, which outpaced all competitor innovation launched in 2024, and is now available nationally. The launch continues to exceed our expectations and contributed to the strong double-digit net sales growth for our Milk-Bone soft and chewy dog snacks in the quarter. Turning to the Meow Mix brand, which contributed positive volume/mix in the quarter. The Meow Mix brand is the leader in household penetration and volume share in the dry cat food category. We are continuing to fuel growth through modernized packaging, elevated mainstream options, and margin accretive innovation. Our most recent innovation, Meow Mix Gravy Bursts, highlights our ability to bring strong innovation to the dry cat food category, a category that has lacked innovation in recent years. Finally, for the Hostess brand, results continue to be impacted by two primary factors. First, consumers continue to be selective in their spending, largely driven by inflationary pressures and diminished discretionary income, causing the sweet baked goods category to recover slower than we anticipated. These trends are causing a reduction in all channels, inclusive of convenience. Second, we are not performing with excellence from a distribution, merchandising, and competitive standpoint. This has caused us to underperform in the channels where the consumer is shopping. We are committed to addressing these challenges and are taking the necessary actions to stabilize and return the brand to growth. This morning, we announced that Judd Freitag will assume leadership of the Pet and Sweet Baked Snacks businesses. In Judd’s 16 years with the Company, he has held leadership positions in Finance, Strategy, Brand Marketing, and most recently as the General Manager and Vice President of Marketing for Pet. As part of this transition, Dan O’Leary will leave the Company in early March. Judd was instrumental in the turnaround of the Pet Foods segment and will play a critical role in advancing our Sweet Baked Snacks strategy focused on the following: Delivering the base portfolio, expanding distribution, driving innovation, continuing our portfolio evolution, and, establishing revenue synergies. We continue to make progress on these pillars. Our modernized packaging is just now beginning to show up on shelf, and we’re launching a bold new marketing campaign that will begin in the coming weeks. We are focusing on distribution that includes both closing gaps in core items in existing channels and entering new channels. Our latest innovation is beginning to enter the market, and our pipeline is strong. Calendar year 2024 was the fourth straight year of innovation share leadership for the Hostess brand and we expect continuing this trend. We recently launched new Donettes Fritter Rings, which is supported by consumers shifting toward breakfast occasions. We are also taking our iconic cupcakes, which are the number 1 brand in the cupcake sub-category, and creating a mini version with Hostess Cupcake Minis, which will begin shipping in our fourth quarter. Consumers want mini form offerings, and this innovation offers smaller portions for consumers still looking for a sweet treat. And, Hostess Suzy Q’s will return to the market this September. Suzy Q’s are one of the most requested products from our consumers, and we are excited for its return. The recently announced agreement to divest certain value brands and associated manufacturing facility demonstrates our commitment to evolving our portfolio and ensures our manufacturing network is optimized to mitigate costs and reduce complexity. We are also beginning to establish revenue synergies, a key strategic benefit of the acquisition, by expanding Uncrustables sandwiches into C-store. We are using our new capabilities in the channel and also executing cross-promotional events between the Hostess brand and legacy Smucker brands. We have executed multiple revenue-driving promotions across our portfolio, and results continue to be positive. Through the execution of our focused strategy and prioritization of these key growth platforms, we have delivered a strong fiscal year to date. Now turning to the dynamics in each of our segments. In Coffee, net sales increased 2% versus the prior year. Our portfolio is performing well as we navigate record-high green coffee costs and continue to demonstrate the ability to recover increased commodity costs through responsible pricing. Due to higher green coffee costs and the pass-through nature of the coffee category, we took our first price increase in June across parts of our portfolio. In October, we successfully took a second price increase across our portfolio, which is now being reflected in our results. Price elasticity of demand trends continue to be in line or slightly favorable to our expectations. Overall, at-home coffee remains a strong and resilient category that provides value to consumers in all economic environments, and our portfolio provides an affordable price per serving as an alternative to other beverage experiences such as the coffee shop, among others. Our belief is that the commodity will normalize over time as it has historically. As always, we will manage our coffee business through a strategy that demonstrates a balance between recovering inflationary input costs, while providing consumers with attractive options ranging from value to premium. In Frozen Handheld and Spreads, net sales grew 2%, primarily driven by double-digit growth for Uncrustables sandwiches, partially offset by decreases for Smucker’s fruit spreads and Jif peanut butter. In support of our category-leading spreads business, we just launched a national marketing campaign that focuses on the original peanut butter and jelly sandwich that consumers know and love. Peanut butter and jelly remains a simple and comforting food that is easy, affordable, and provides delicious, balanced nutrition for our consumers. The Jif “Save the Celery” campaign is also back this year and has been extended through the high snacking period of the March college basketball tournaments, and we continue to see opportunities to expand beyond sandwiches and into new usage occasions. In Pet Foods, we experienced certain supply chain disruptions that negatively impacted our results in both Milk-Bone dog snacks and Meow Mix wet cat food. Reported net sales decreased 9% versus the prior year, primarily due to a reduction in contract manufacturing sales related to the divested pet food brands. When excluding these contract manufacturing sales, and had the supply chain disruptions not occurred, net sales would have increased low-single-digits in the quarter. We anticipate returning to full distribution in the fourth quarter for both brands. Overall, the dog snacks category continues to be impacted by a slowdown in discretionary spending largely driven by inflationary pressures. We remain confident in our portfolio as we continue to focus on driving growth for the Milk-Bone brand, with its strong leadership position in the category. In cat food, we continue to see tailwinds as the cat population is projected to grow and anticipate further share growth for the Meow Mix brand. Dog snacks and cat food remain attractive categories, and e-commerce trends continue to be positive for our portfolio. In Sweet Baked Snacks, comparable net sales decreased 8%, primarily driven by decreases for snack cakes and private label products, partially offset by an increase for donuts. Hostess Donettes have continued to outperform the broader portfolio, and we have seen both increased dollar sales and volume growth over the last 52-week period. Consumers view breakfast products as less discretionary than the broader sweet baked goods category, and we will continue to drive innovation in breakfast occasions. Finally, in International and Away From Home, comparable net sales grew 5%. Growth was driven by the Away From Home business, as it continues to deliver strong results by leveraging our leading national brands and key growth platforms in Away From Home channels. Though our momentum continued into the third quarter for our legacy business, we are revising and narrowing our full-year net sales expectations primarily due to the impact of approximately $30 million of supply chain disruptions in our third quarter; Continued softness in the Sweet Baked Snacks segment; And, an anticipated unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange. We now expect reported net sales of approximately 7.25%, reflecting a full year of net sales from the Hostess Brands acquisition and base business growth. On the bottom-line, third quarter adjusted earnings per share exceeded our expectations, driven by adjusted gross margin improvement and disciplined cost management. Based on the strong earnings year to date, we are raising the mid-point of our adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $10.00. This increase reflects our expectations for improved gross margin expansion and the realization of synergies earlier than anticipated. We also increased our free cash flow guidance to $925 million for the full year, reflecting a $50 million increase versus previous expectations. In closing, I would like to highlight a few key points. Our legacy business, which accounts for approximately 85% of our total Company net sales, is delivering strong growth. We have confidence in the Hostess brand, and our strategic rationale for the acquisition remains strong. While the near-term performance has not met our expectations, we have outlined a comprehensive strategy to return the brand to growth and have made initial progress on key actions in support of it. And, our strategy is working, and we remain confident in our ability to deliver long-term sustainable growth and generate over $1 billion in free cash flow annually. As we look ahead, we are well-positioned to adapt to consumer preferences, execute with excellence, and sustain the momentum for our business. All of which are powered by our unique culture and dedicated employees, whom I would like to thank for their outstanding contributions. I’ll now turn it over to Tucker to go over our quarterly financial results and our fiscal year 2025 outlook in more detail.
Tucker Marshall: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I will begin by providing detail on the non-cash impairment charges reflected in our third quarter GAAP results. We recognized a $794 million impairment charge related to the goodwill of the Sweet Baked Snacks reporting unit, and a $208 million impairment charge related to the Hostess brand indefinite-lived trademark. These impairment charges are driven by the recent underperformance of the Sweet Baked Snacks segment. This reflects the slower than anticipated recovery of the sweet baked goods category and our execution from a distribution, merchandising, and competitive standpoint. Going forward, we are focused on our five pillars to stabilize and return the Hostess brand to growth. We are confident that these actions will support long-term net sales and segment profit growth for the business. Now, I’ll provide an overview of our third quarter results, then I’ll provide additional details on our financial outlook for fiscal year 2025. In the quarter, net sales decreased 2%. Comparable net sales decreased 1%, which excludes non-comparable prior year sales related to the divested businesses, incremental current year sales for the Hostess Brands acquisition, and foreign currency exchange. Net sales was flat versus the prior year, when also excluding contract manufacturing sales related to the divested pet food brands. The decrease in comparable net sales reflects a 5 percentage point decrease from volume mix, primarily driven by decreases for coffee, dog snacks, and lower contract manufacturing sales related to the divested pet food brands, partially offset by an increase for Uncrustables sandwiches. Net sales include a 1% headwind from lower contract manufacturing sales related to the divested pet food brands. Comparable net sales also reflects a 3 percentage point increase from net price realization, driven by higher net pricing for coffee. This reflects price increases implemented through our coffee portfolio in June and October of this fiscal year in response to higher green coffee costs, and the pass-through nature of the coffee category. Net sales were below our expectations, largely driven by $30 million of supply chain disruptions in our third quarter, primarily impacting U.S. Retail Pet Foods. Adjusted gross profit decreased $9 million, or 1%, compared to the prior year. The decrease primarily reflects higher costs, unfavorable volume mix, and the impact of divestitures, partially offset by higher net price realization and a favorable impact from the Hostess Brands acquisition. Adjusted operating income increased $6 million, or 1%, reflecting a decrease in SD&A and favorable property taxes, partially offset by the decreased adjusted gross profit. The decrease in SD&A was driven by lower pre-production expenses primarily related to the recently opened Uncrustables sandwiches manufacturing facility. Below operating income, net interest expense decreased $4 million, primarily due to a decrease in interest expense related to the Term Loan that was prepaid in full during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024. The adjusted effective income tax rate was 23.7%, compared to 26.1% in the prior year. The prior year adjusted effective income tax rate included an unfavorable impact of higher state income taxes related to the acquisition of Hostess Brands. Factoring in all these considerations, along with weighted-average shares outstanding of 106.7 million, third quarter adjusted earnings per share was $2.61, an increase of 5% versus the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share exceeded our expectations in the quarter driven by better-than-anticipated adjusted gross margin and timing of SD&A expenses, primarily marketing spend and operating support. Turning to our segment results, in the U.S. Retail Coffee segment, net sales increased 2% versus the prior year. Net price realization increased net sales by 9 percentage points, reflecting higher net pricing for the Folgers and Café Bustelo brands. Volume/mix decreased net sales by 7 percentage points, reflecting declines for the Folgers and Dunkin brands, partially offset by an increase for the Café Bustelo brand. Net sales growth was led by the Café Bustelo and Folgers brands, which grew 15% and 3%, respectively, partially offset by a 6% decline for the Dunkin brand. U.S. Retail Coffee segment profit was flat, primarily reflecting higher net price realization and favorable property taxes, mostly offset by higher commodity costs and unfavorable volume/mix. In U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads, net sales increased 2%. Volume/mix increased net sales by 2 percentage points, primarily driven by an increase for Uncrustables sandwiches, partially offset by decreases for fruit spreads and peanut butter. Net price realization was neutral to net sales, reflecting higher trade spend for peanut butter, mostly offset by higher net pricing for toppings and syrups. U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads segment profit decreased by 5%, primarily driven by higher costs, partially offset by lower pre-production expenses primarily related to the new Uncrustables sandwiches manufacturing facility. In U.S. Retail Pet Foods, reported net sales decreased 9% versus the prior year. Volume/mix decreased net sales by 9 percentage points, primarily driven by a decrease for dog snacks and a $19 million decrease in contract manufacturing sales related to the divested pet food brands, partially offset by an increase for cat food. Net price realization was neutral to net sales. Higher trade spend for cat food was mostly offset by lower trade spend for dog snacks. U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment profit increased 7%, primarily driven by lower costs, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix. In the Sweet Baked Snacks segment, net sales decreased 7% versus the prior year. Excluding non-comparable net sales in the current year related to the Hostess Brands acquisition and in the prior year related to the divested Voortman business, net sales decreased 8%. Volume/mix decreased net sales by 5 percentage points, reflecting decreases for snack cakes and private label products, partially offset by an increase for donuts. Net price realization decreased net sales by 2 percentage points, reflecting lower net pricing across the portfolio. Sweet Baked Snacks segment profit decreased 19%, driven by lower net price realization, the impact of the non-comparable segment profit in the prior year related to the divested Voortman business, higher marketing spend, and unfavorable volume/mix, partially offset by the impact of the non-comparable segment profit in the current year related to the Hostess Brands acquisition and lower costs. Lastly, in International and Away From Home, net sales was flat. Excluding non-comparable net sales in the prior year related to the divested Canadian condiment business and unfavorable foreign currency exchange, net sales increased 5%. Net price realization contributed 6 percentage points to net sales, reflecting higher net pricing for coffee and Uncrustables sandwiches. Volume/mix decreased net sales by 1 percentage point, driven by a decrease for coffee, partially offset by increases for peanut butter, cat food, and baking. Net sales for the Away From Home business increased 9% on a comparable basis driven by coffee and Uncrustables sandwiches. Net sales for the International business decreased 2% on a comparable basis, primarily reflecting unfavorable volume/mix in coffee, partially offset by higher net price realization, in response to higher green coffee costs. International and Away From Home segment profit increased 22%, primarily reflecting higher net price realization, partially offset by higher costs and unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Third quarter cash provided by operating activities was $239 million, compared to $407 million in the prior year. This change reflects higher working capital requirements in 2025, timing of income tax payments, and lapping the $43 million proceeds received from settlement of the interest rate contracts assumed as part of the Hostess Brands acquisition in the prior year, partially offset by higher net income loss adjusted for non-cash items in the current year. Free cash flow was $151 million, compared to $250 million in the prior year, driven by the decrease in cash provided by operating activities, partially offset by a decrease in capital expenditures. We finished the quarter with a cash and cash equivalent balance of $47 million and a total net debt balance of $7.8 billion. Based on a trailing twelve-month adjusted EBITDA of approximately $2.2 billion, our leverage ratio stands at 3.6 times. We plan to prioritize debt reduction by paying down over $800 million this fiscal year when considering use of divestiture proceeds, and $500 million of debt annually in each of the next two years. With this anticipated debt reduction, along with the achievement of cost synergies, and overall business growth, we anticipate a leverage ratio at, or below, 3 times net debt to EBITDA by the end of our fiscal year 2027. This level of debt provides the financial flexibility for a balanced approach to capital deployment. I would like to provide an update on our outlook for fiscal year 2025. We expect full-year net sales to increase approximately 7.25% compared to the prior year, reflecting a full-year of sales from the Hostess Brands acquisition, a 1% unfavorable impact from reduced contract manufacturing sales related to the divested pet food brands, and a 1% headwind from lapping sales of the divested Canadian condiment and Sahale Snacks businesses. On a comparable basis, net sales are now anticipated to increase approximately 0.75%, including approximately $35 million of contract manufacturing sales related to the divested pet food brands versus $136 million in the prior year, or a 1% unfavorable impact. This guidance range reflects higher net price realization, primarily driven by the pricing actions recently implemented across our coffee portfolio in response to higher green coffee costs. Comparable net sales growth also reflects volume/mix growth for the Uncrustables®, Meow Mix®, Café Bustelo®, and Milk-Bone® brands, and the Away From Home business for the full fiscal year. The net sales guidance reflects the following changes from our previous assumptions: Third quarter results, reduced expectations for our Sweet Baked Snacks business in the fourth quarter of approximately $20 million versus our previous expectations. We now anticipate full-year net sales for the Sweet Baked Snacks segment to be approximately $1.2 billion, and, a higher unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange. The full-year net sales guidance does not reflect any impact related to the Company's previously announced agreement to divest the Sweet Baked Snacks value brands, which is expected to impact the current fiscal year by approximately $10 million. We now anticipate full-year adjusted gross profit margin to be approximately 38%, primarily driven by better than expected margin in our U.S. Retail Coffee segment than previously expected. SD&A expenses are now anticipated to increase by approximately 8% versus the prior year, primarily reflecting a full-year of operating expenses from the Hostess acquisition. Total marketing expense is estimated to be slightly below 5.5% of net sales. We anticipate net interest expense of approximately $390 million and an adjusted effective income tax rate of 24.1%, along with a full-year weighted-average share count of 106.7 million. Taking all these factors into consideration, full-year adjusted earnings per share is anticipated to be in the range of $9.85 to $10.15, which reflects a $0.10 increase at the mid-point of the range relative to our previous guidance. The full-year adjusted earnings per share guidance does not reflect any impact related to the Company's previously announced agreement to divest the Sweet Baked Snacks value brands, which is expected to be immaterial to fiscal 2025 earnings per share. We project free cash flow of approximately $925 million, with capital expenditures of $400 million for the year. Other key assumptions affecting cash flow include, depreciation expense of approximately $300 million, amortization expense of approximately $220 million, share-based compensation expense of $35 million, and other non-cash charges of $150 million. In closing, we are pleased with our third quarter results, which demonstrate the strength of our brands and the continued momentum of the business. We are taking the right actions to support execution and disciplined cost management. I am confident in our strategy and believe we are in a strong position to deliver long-term growth and increase shareholder value. And, I would like to express my appreciation for our employees. They have demonstrated their commitment to executing with excellence, and their passion for our Company positions us for continued success. Thank you.
Q - :

===== 2025 Q2  (2024-11-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the J.M. Smucker Company's fiscal 2025 second quarter earnings question and answer session. This conference call is being recorded, and all participants are in listen-only mode. Please limit yourselves to two questions and re-queue if you have additional questions. I will now turn the call over to Crystal Biting, Vice President, Investor Relations and Financial Planning and Analysis. Thank you. You may begin.
Crystal Biting: Good morning, and thank you for joining our fiscal 2025 second quarter earnings question and answer session. I hope everyone had a chance to review our results as detailed in this morning's press release and management's prepared remarks, which are available on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. We will also post an audio replay of this call at the conclusion of this morning's Q&A session. During today's call, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we use non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements and details on our non-GAAP measures in this morning's press release. Participating on this call are Mark Smucker, Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tucker Marshall, Chief Financial Officer. We will now open the call for questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The question and answer session will begin at this time. If you are using a speakerphone, please pick up the handset before pressing any numbers. Should you have additional questions, you may re-queue. Our first question is coming from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much for the question. Good morning. Mark, can you now expect flat year-over-year sales in your fiscal third quarter, even though the top-line momentum has been solid thus far this year and certainly well above that? And the timing of the SG&A spend moving to the third quarter, I would think, would only help the top line. Is there something discrete you see impacting third-quarter sales? Maybe it's just Hostess moving into the base, or what's driving sort of that expected deceleration?
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, good morning. This is Tucker. Thanks for the acknowledgment on delivering a strong second quarter, and we do see the momentum continuing through the back half of our fiscal year. Specifically, to your question around flat year-over-year top line for our third quarter, really what we are assessing is the second round of pricing within our coffee portfolio. We are anticipating flat coffee sales. We are also seeing the pet portfolio lapping a very strong comp in the prior year, along with assessing the discretionary nature of the overall pet treating and also reduced co-manufacturing sales. Further, we have called down sweet baked snacks that we acknowledged in our prepared remarks, and then we are seeing that being offset by growth in our frozen handheld and spreads portfolio, which is really the focus of the outlook for Q3.
Andrew Lazar: Great. No, that's really helpful. Thank you for that. And then best we can tell, your new Hostess sales guidance for the full year implies, I think, a low single-digit year-over-year decline in the second half. I guess first, do I have that right? And if so, obviously, it's more realistic but still implies a sequential improvement from the, call it, mid to high single-digit declines we've seen for the brand more recently. I guess, what's expected to drive that sequential improvement in the second half? And what's your visibility to that sort of outcome, again, if I have the calculation right for the back half?
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, you are correct. The sales guidance for FY25 implies a low single-digit year-over-year decline in our second half. We are seeing some sequential improvement as we move through the fiscal year. That's really due to two reasons. One is the outlined remarks around what we are doing to improve execution across the portfolio, which came through Mark's section. And then secondly, it's just lapping some easier year-over-year comparables.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you so much. Appreciate it. See you in December.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning, and thank you. I'm just wondering, to continue the conversation on Hostess, can you update us a little bit on what you're thinking in terms of synergies both this year and next, in light of maybe a longer path to kind of get back to that four percent top-line growth longer term?
Tucker Marshall: And this is Tucker. I'm going to frame in the cost synergies and then have Mark talk a bit about how we're thinking about the revenue synergy component. But on the cost synergy front, we're still committed to $100 million of achievement by the end of our fiscal year 2026. We're seeing that balanced about half in this fiscal year and half in next fiscal year. And we should be able to achieve that $100 million outlook even after completing the Wortman divestiture.
Mark Smucker: Ken, it's Mark. Just to play back a little bit of my prepared remarks, we still feel really excited about Hostess. We love the brand. We think there's a lot of opportunity for it and just wanted to acknowledge the prepared remarks that there were just two things that were driving the underperformance. One was just the continued cautiousness of the consumer in terms of inflation and lower discretionary income, and then a bit of execution on our part, which was not related to the integration because the integration went well. It's behind us, and it's complete. What we really have started to pivot to do is making sure that we're doing four key things. It's executed better against base fundamentals, which is getting more display because it is an impulse category, expanding distribution at shelf, and notably in the away-from-home channel. We are going to be launching a big fantastic new marketing and advertising campaign in the new year, which we believe will be very relevant to consumers and really speak to the emotional connection to the brand. And then that would include a packaging refresh and some innovation. We will be looking at launching, like, one-dollar packs. So we will bring in different value equations to the consumer. And then lastly, we've had some early tests on co-promoting Hostess with some of our legacy brands, think coffee, and early reads on those co-promotions are very strong. So accelerating those efforts is another thing that we'll be doing. So over the coming quarters, we would expect to see improvement in the Hostess results and just remain confident in that brand because overall snacking trends continue to remain positive across multiple categories.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you for that. And then just quickly, a pivot to the broader company. How would you like us to think about the balance between price versus volume mix for the rest of the year, with the understanding there's a lot of puts and takes in there? Just a general sense would be helpful.
Tucker Marshall: Yeah. As we think about the full year, Kenneth, I think it's easier to kind of break it down this way. If you think about our outlook at the midpoint of our guidance range, it's nine percent. When you isolate the impacts of acquisition, divestiture, foreign exchange, comparable growth is probably around one and a half. When you think of the pet co-manufacturing, that gives you about another point. So base business is about two and a half to three. And within that, you're probably equally split between volume mix and price on a full-year basis.
Ken Goldman: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Robert Moskow from TD Cowen. Your line is now live.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. I had a couple of questions about Hostess. One is, Mark, you mentioned that execution weakened. Can you give us a little more detail about what aspect of that weakened and what caused it and how you can fix it? And then secondly, a broader question, I appreciate the plans to market Hostess more aggressively in the first quarter of 2025. But are there any concerns internally about whether it might get drowned out? There's a lot of messaging from the new administration on making America healthy again. I'm just wondering, is this the right time to be aggressively marketing indulgent snacks, and how do you think the consumer will receive it?
Mark Smucker: Sure, Rob. It's Mark. First of all, just on the category in general, remember that when I talked about less discretionary income and inflation, that has affected all channels. So that is traditional channels, it's convenience. You know, we've seen the entire convenience channel be down a bit, and so that has clearly impacted. And then, you know, I guess what I would highlight is we would have liked to have seen our execution drive a bit more display. And so when I mentioned that, we are going to really be ramping up our efforts across channels to make sure that our display is in place, is relevant, that we're supporting that with innovation. And again, we do think there's some opportunity with these co-promoted events that will take place in the future and continually off and on throughout the next several quarters. As it relates to anything in the political domain, we believe very strongly that snacking continues. The trends are supportive. Consumers continue to eat a couple of snacks a day. That continues to be the case. And indulgent snacking, whether it's Hostess or snacking more like Uncrustables that contain protein, those will continue, and consumers are going to continue to look for a way to reward themselves at different times throughout the day. So continuing to connect the dots between the brands and the consumers and what they're seeking, whether that be portion size or, you know, less indulgent, more indulgent, we have an obligation to continue to grow the brand, and that's what we're going to continue to focus on.
Robert Moskow: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Tucker, maybe just to start, if we look at the EPS guidance, going back to kind of the start of the year, you know, your midpoint has now moved, I think, from $10 to $9.80, now back to $9.90. And I just want to understand the volatility in what you've seen, you know, from a cut and then a raise. Maybe you can just unpack that a bit more for us because it was a bit odd to me. I don't know if the visibility is maybe lower than it would have been historically, but just any help in unpacking kind of why the shift has been as much as it has. Thanks.
Tucker Marshall: Yeah. So you are correct. We came into the year with a midpoint of guidance of $10. And we revised down to $9.80 coming out of the first quarter at the midpoint. Really, that change was largely driven by a reduction in our top-line outlook and also driven by ongoing green coffee inflation and the need to take a second round of pricing. You know, as we took up our outlook for this quarter up ten cents, so now at the midpoint of our guidance range, $9.90, really what we're doing is we're locking in the component of the gross margin beat in our second quarter. And so that, in our mind, is a good story and acknowledging our ability to bring up our outlook at the bottom line for the full year.
Peter Galbo: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe while we're on the subject of coffee, you know, March coffee prices seem to kind of make new highs every day, at least in the commodity markets. You know, you've taken two rounds of pricing at this point. Just how you're thinking about, you know, potential, the need to take additional pricing and maybe the elasticity impact that that could have as well.
Mark Smucker: Sure, Peter. Mark here. So coffee, as we all know, it's a pass-through category. We've been very pleased with our performance in the quarter despite the fact that we continue to see significant inflation. I would highlight that Arabica hit $3 yesterday, and we haven't seen $3 Arabica for probably over ten years. And so it is unusual. Would highlight that the market for coffee today is very speculative because we haven't hit harvest season yet. And so a lot of the volatility we're seeing is really related to financial speculation. As we get into the harvest, we will have more intel in terms of what that looks like. We would hope that we would get a bit of relief assuming we have a good crop. There are some indicators that we might, but it's still a bit early to start to anticipate what could be. But at the end of the day, we have to be responsible. We want to make sure that we are able to pass along cost changes both up and down, and we do intend to do that. And we will continue to pull the levers available to us, whether that's trade or, obviously, cost reduction to try to make sure that we don't take price up too much and are very careful to what the consumers can bear. But we will be responsible, and we will continue to manage the coffee business the way we always have.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Chris Carey from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
Chris Carey: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Wanted to follow up on your piece on the questioning around coffee, but maybe moving it even a little bit forward. Mark and Tucker, you've made some comments about fiscal 2026 EPS being above algorithm. And as we assess Hostess trends, clearly an expectation for it to get better, again, easier comps specifically across the Dinex MRI stores. But you also have this coffee inflation dynamic as well that it sounds like you would want to price against that going into next fiscal year. How does this all come together in the context of earnings aspirations that you have beyond this fiscal year?
Tucker Marshall: Chris, good morning. It's probably early to talk about the outlook for fiscal year 2026, but I can certainly appreciate the question. I think what I'd like to frame in is sort of the components that we're considering against that outlook for 2026. First of all, what is base business momentum? And you've sort of alluded to some of that in your questions. Two is the removal and mitigation of stranded overhead associated with the pet food divestiture. Three is the realization of synergies from the Hostess acquisition. Also, as we think about ongoing advancements from our cost and product activity programs associated with our transformation office, then thinking about the benefits from debt paydown, particularly a reduced interest expense. And that's really the framework that we're considering for next year. You know, we'll continue to have a better assessment as we complete this fiscal year and we continue to plan for next year. But it's too early to call the outlook for next year.
Chris Carey: Okay. Fair. One follow-up. We've received more questions around coffee consumption in recent weeks, some theorizing that weather may be some driver of some sequential softness in volumes for the entire category. What is your assessment of sequential developments in the coffee category and also for your business? And how do you see the impact of elasticity, perhaps weather, and any other considerations that we should be thinking about going forward from here? Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Chris, that's a tough one to answer, to be totally honest. What we continue to see is that our business is an at-home business. For the most part, we do have a nice away-from-home piece of the business, but the majority of our coffee business is at home. The data continues to support that seventy percent of cups consumed are still consumed at home. And, you know, we do see positive, usually a bit more consumption around the holidays. Obviously, that can be related to family gatherings as well. But in general, we still feel very positive around our coffee business in total. The consumer, as they do shift to different forms, whether that's liquid, in the past, it's been one cup. We have demonstrated our ability to shift our portfolio to where the growth is, and that's where we're going to continue to focus.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Tom Palmer from Citi. Your line is now live.
Tom Palmer: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Wanted to maybe just start off on sweet baked snacks. You noted some of the planned changes here as we roll into the new year, packaging, displays, marketing. Where are we in kind of the selling cycle to customers? How have these changes been received? Do you have visibility at this point into improved distribution or merchandising from rolling these changes out?
Mark Smucker: Yeah. We have already actively engaged with several of our key customers, and those discussions have been positive. You know, I think at the end of the day, being a leader in this category, where we could demonstrate winning, they win too. And so it really needs to be a win-win the way we work with our customers, regardless of which channel that is. Bringing to bear insights, data, and ultimately thinking holistically about the categories allows us to bring partnership to our customers that they like and they need, and then everyone wins. So the goal is to grow not only the Hostess business but to grow the category as well.
Tom Palmer: Thanks for that. And then I appreciate maybe you don't want to comment in full on 2026, but you did bring up some of the puts and takes. And I wanted to ask on the stranded cost in the pet segment. As we think about some of the TSA unwind here, I think it's occurring quite soon. And the ability to address stranded costs, are there benefits this year or headwinds this year to consider? And then just to confirm, the number for next year is still sixty cents year over year?
Tucker Marshall: Yeah, Tom. So we have completed the transition services agreement with Post Holdings. That was completed in our second quarter. We have called out in this fiscal year a net $0.60 impact of stranded overhead. That is confirmed as an impact to this fiscal year. As we move forward into next fiscal year, we have acknowledged that we are working to mitigate or otherwise remove those stranded overhead. So it should not be a drag to earnings as we think about our growth year over year.
Tom Palmer: But it should be a tailwind, right?
Tucker Marshall: Correct.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Your line is now live.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone. So can I just ask a sort of broad question on the GLP-1 weight loss drugs? More specifically, how are you tackling the question of gathering information about what the consumer needs there? You've obviously got some parts of the portfolio that play well into that segment, things like just peanut butter. Obviously, the pet food and the coffee are pretty benign. And then we have Hostess, which could be pressured. It seems as though there might be as many as mid-single-digit percentages of US adults on these drugs now, and it's obviously likely to increase. There were articles out this morning about the potential for Medicare and Medicaid to cover them. How are you tackling the question of getting information about what innovation, what you need to do, to tackle that trend? And how urgently, what resources are you putting against that relative to other developments in the market?
Mark Smucker: Alexia, it's Mark. So first of all, thank you for acknowledging the breadth of our portfolio because, obviously, being in pet coffee, spreads, and other forms of snacking bodes very well because we play in a lot of different categories that win in different ways. So appreciate the acknowledgment. And then, as I've said in prior quarters, we look very closely at all of the trends and really are focused on what the consumer is saying and wanting. Specifically, we continue to do ongoing research on the impact of GLP-1 trends and what that might mean for our business. The facts are that at this point, we have seen no material impact on any of our business as a result of that trend. Acknowledging that snacking would be a logical place where we might see an impact. To date, we have not seen anything meaningful. That said, we're going to continue to monitor it. As we always do, and we're going to continue to look for innovation that is relevant for consumers that might be looking to change their diet. I mean, keep in mind, we've been in business for 127 years. We've been through every different type of diet trend across the consumer landscape and have effectively provided products that meet the needs, whether that's portion size, we can look at reducing sugar. There's a whole variety of innovations that we will bring to bear. And so really thinking of it as an opportunity is what we have to continue to do all the while monitoring what the impact may be.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. And just a real quick follow-up. On Wortmann, the divestment, you've said that you expected a ten cents hit to earnings this year. Is that based on the expectation that it will close at the end of the third quarter or somewhere in the middle of the third quarter? I'm just trying to get a sense of how much the impact could be going out into next year.
Tucker Marshall: Yeah. Alexia, so on a full-year basis, the Wortmann impact is twenty-five cents. We announced that in the press release around the transaction. The impact to this fiscal year, because we're closing a little bit more than halfway through the year, so it'll be probably the middle of our third quarter, is ten cents. But we anticipate using $300 million in proceeds from the transaction to pay down debt, which would partially offset that ten cents, leaving about a nickel, therefore, kind of immaterial to our overall guidance range or outlook for the year.
Alexia Howard: Perfect. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Matt Smith from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Matt Smith: Hi, good morning, Mark. Thank you for the question. One of the drivers for the increased comparable sales is the momentum in Uncrustables. Growth has been stronger than anticipated. You mentioned new products in your remarks and the increasing capacity. But as we look forward, can you talk about the drivers of growth in the second half and beyond? Are you seeing stronger distribution opportunities, or is this more velocity-driven as you increase your investment? Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Matt, I can't believe we've made it this long into the call without an Uncrustables question, so thank you. Well, Uncrustables is doing fantastic. As you saw, we did the ribbon cutting. I was in Alabama earlier in the month with the governor, opening the third site, which is up and running, continuing to expand production there over the next several months. But the fact that we're now in demand-generating mode allows us to advertise, allows us to clearly meet the demand that the consumer is giving us and launch new products. So the Raspberry Uncrustable, the team button Raspberry, is far exceeding our expectation. It's a fantastic product. We also launched a limited peanut butter-only SKU, which will go national next year. And I'm really pleased with the performance of the brand, and actually, overall, it's exceeding our expectations. So we do expect to hit $900 million this year, which is ahead of our expectations. I think it's safe to say we're going to meet or exceed the $1 billion in 2026 like we said. And so we have not put any markers out there for beyond a billion, but we do believe we're gonna get beyond a billion with the support of great production, great teams in all three plants, and frankly, the ability to continue to bring out new products and new variety. So really bullish on the Uncrustables business.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Rob Dickerson from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. I just had a couple of questions. On the profitability side, Mark, maybe Tucker, you know, I know historically, there have been times when you've been willing to provide a little bit of incremental color on a per-segment basis, just kind of around maybe where op margin could kind of fall for the full year. So kind of first, I'm just asking specifically on coffee. Right? The coffee, all things considered, has done pretty well. The first half of the year. You know, I'm assuming just given the pass-through nature that comes down in the back of the year. So, you know, I guess the first question is just kind of how do you, as of today, like, kind of view that op margin for the year, plan out?
Tucker Marshall: Yeah, Rob. So I would start big picture and just acknowledge at the total company level, we delivered strong gross margin in the second quarter better than our expectations. We're able to lock in that over-delivery into our EPS guidance range and also align to a thirty-seven and a half to thirty-eight percent gross profit margin outlook for the full year. And, really, the portfolio is coming in line with margin expectations at the segment level. In some instances, you know, some businesses are a little bit better. Some businesses are around sort of their expectation. But where you are seeing that margin change is in the coffee portfolio, which we acknowledge coming into this fiscal year, and we also acknowledge coming out of our first quarter. And that's really driven by two rounds of pricing actions to recover ongoing green coffee inflation. And so coffee margins in the first two quarters were very good. Candidly, they were in the, you know, twenty-eight percent level for both Q1 and Q2. But as we get into the third and fourth quarters, you will see that come down substantially to kind of the mid-twenties and low twenties as a result of that ongoing green coffee inflation as we get into the higher-costed component of our cost structure.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just to touch on a comment you just made, which is gonna be a question. Anyway, Yeah. It seems like there are, you know, clearly, there are moving pieces around the segments in terms of how profitability is coming in. Right? I think you said, you know, originally, you know, Pet might have been kind of twenty-five percent or so op margin in Q2 might come in a little bit better. Right? So so far in the first half, that's coming in at twenty-eight percent margin, and that's without the release of all the stranded overhead. So I'm just curious, if we're thinking about that total portfolio, let's say, in the back half, like coffee margin comes down a little bit, totally understood as to why. Seems like kind of frozen handhelds and spreads is kind of maybe running around that twenty-three, twenty-four percent range. Pets doing a lot better. Right? And then sweet baked snacks, I'm hearing a little pull forward and some activation. Maybe, you know, there's a little bit more investment coming in the back half. So is it fair to say just kind of all in that, you know, yeah. Coffee margins coming down some. You know, probably higher than we originally thought. Frozen's kind of been linish. And maybe sweet baked snacks comes, you know, a little lower kind of in Q4. So net-net, it all kind of plays okay, but really, Pet is driving some of the offset and funding of some of the other parts of the business. There's a lot in there, but that's all I have. Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Rob, you are right. There is a lot in there. But I do want to acknowledge, I understand your framework. I think we have a scheduled follow-up call. So why don't we go through the puts and calls of your model then? But I certainly understand the framework. Thanks.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
Steve Powers: Hey, thanks. Just a quick follow-up to some extent on the pet business. Tucker, you'd called out and you talked about the three key puts and takes. It's just some, I guess, you know, caution or conservatism, acknowledgment of the discretionary nature of pet treating. Just I would love an update on what you're seeing in that category. It appears to us, I guess, at least sequentially, that kind of the sensitivity to demand has held pretty stable. You know, we were looking for things to potentially get worse quarter over quarter. And that doesn't seem to have happened thus far this year. So just curious what you're seeing, and are you expecting relative sequential stability, or do your comments portend another step down in demand as we go into the back half?
Mark Smucker: Hey, Steve. It's Mark. I'll take that one. Milk-Bone continues to perform. And it's essentially for two reasons. One is we play across the whole value spectrum. So Milk-Bone has products that compete in value to premium, in all of the different treating occasions, whether that's dental or long-lasting chews or just basic biscuits, core biscuits. So I'd say the breadth of that brand continues to perform. Then secondly, our innovation is working. Regardless of where we've innovated, it seems to have brought new news, driving sales, notably the innovation that's been really winning for us at this time, the peanut buttery bites, which actually contain Jif. And those have been performing exceptionally well. So Milk-Bone, although growth has been a little bit subdued because of the discretionary nature of the category, continues to perform. And even in our soft and chewy segment with Pup-Peroni, where we are down, we now are bringing to bear new plans in terms of refreshing the brand, leveraging the fact that that brand has an extremely high consumer loyalty. And so thinking about how we're going to go to market, really emphasize the product quality of that product. So we're gonna support the whole breadth of our snacking portfolio, not just Milk-Bone.
Steve Powers: Okay. Fair. So playing that back, it sounds like any slowdown in your pet business in the third quarter is more about just the underlying comp being more difficult than anything getting more difficult in the actual category demand backdrop. Is that fair?
Mark Smucker: Yeah. We're not co-manufacturing for Host anymore, and so the comps will not look great, but we would keep you guys focused on the existing business and the comps apples to apples versus the prior year. So we'll make sure we clarify that with you. And yes, Steve, we're not calling down any incremental softness to the Milk-Bone brand. We're just acknowledging that it's growing at a slower rate as a result of the overall discretionary nature of the category. And that's kind of embedded in there. So my comments of Q3 were more around the comparable, two is just where the treating aspect of the category stands, and then three is just the mechanical math of co-manufacturing sales.
Steve Powers: Okay. We're aligned. Understood on all of that. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Max Gumport from BNP Paribas. Your line is now live.
Max Gumport: Hi. Thanks for the question. Going back to coffee, I think earlier on this call, you mentioned an expectation for flat net sales growth in the second half. You just did a three percent sales growth for coffee in the second quarter, and I realize you're embedding elasticity assumptions in the second half. But to me, that sounds pretty drastic if I heard it right, that you'd go from a plus three to something that's more like flat in the second half. As you bring on pricing for what's historically been a pretty inelastic category. So I just wanted to clarify on your expectations for the coffee top line in the second half.
Tucker Marshall: Yeah. Max, my comments related to coffee being flat were in our third quarter. We will see a level of growth in our fourth quarter. And as you know, we've taken two rounds of pricing, and the second round of pricing was essentially in mid-October. So we'll begin to see the effects of the second round against price elasticity of demand in our early winter. And so that's what we also continue to monitor and assess. The good news is that our portfolio continues to perform with the strength of our leadership in the category.
Max Gumport: Okay. Got it. That helps. And then on pet food, the prepared remarks had comments about a price cut for Meow Mix and then higher trade spend in cat food and dog snacks. So putting the consumer caution aside, can you just talk about what you're seeing in the competitive environment that's informing those types of decisions?
Tucker Marshall: Yeah. Max, the Meow Mix brand continues to be a bright spot and a highlight of the overall pet portfolio within the company. And we were able to restore some of the promotional activity against the brand, particularly as we became full supply and back in stock against the brand. And we continue to drive innovation across the portfolio as well.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question and answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
Mark Smucker: Kevin, thank you. Well, first, I'd just like to thank everyone for taking the time today in a holiday week to join our call. We had another great quarter, and that would not have been possible without our outstanding employees. So as always, I'd like to thank them for their continued hard work and dedication to our company. We're really looking forward to hosting our investor day on Tuesday, December tenth, in New York City. And so for any additional requests, please reach out to Crystal Biting. And just hope everyone has a very happy Thanksgiving and a great holiday week and hopefully gets some rest over the weekend. So thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-08-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2025 First Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. This conference call is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please limit yourselves to two questions and re-queue, if you have additional questions. I'll now turn the conference call over to Crystal Beiting, Vice President, Investor Relations and Financial Planning and Analysis. Thank you. You may begin.
Crystal Beiting: Good morning and thank you for joining our fiscal 2025 first quarter earnings question-and-answer session. I hope everyone had a chance to review our results as detailed in this morning's press release and management's prepared remarks which are available on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. We will also post an audio replay of this call at the conclusion of this morning's Q&A session. During today's call, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we use non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements and details on our non-GAAP financial measures in this morning's press release. Participating on this call are Mark Smucker, Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tucker Marshall, Chief Financial Officer. We will now open up the call for questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Maybe to start off, you're moderating your full-year 2025 comparable sales growth by about 1 point. And a key call-out, I think you mentioned is the impact of inflation on discretionary spending, specifically on the sweet baked goods and dog snacks categories. And it seems as though there was a sort of a meaningful shift really just in the last quarter, or maybe last month or two in terms of how you see the consumer and sort of shopping behavior. So Mark, can you talk a bit more about what shifted sort of so quickly versus your initial expectations? And are you building into your outlook trends you are seeing in the business currently, or just being more proactive on what you think could potentially develop going forward?
Mark Smucker: Andrew, it's Mark. First of all, let me just start by saying we are very pleased with the quarter having grown both volume and sales and of course, our earnings per share. So we did have a solid quarter. And we saw growth in a number of places, notably, Uncrustables continues to grow, obviously, peanut butter. Bustelo has performed exceptionally well. And so we're very pleased with the growth this quarter. But as you point out, in the convenience channel, we did see a bit of an acceleration in consumers shopping less, or less frequently, in the convenience stores. And although we did see some of that earlier, it did seem to accelerate a bit in the quarter. I would highlight that with our Sweet Baked Snacks business, we do over-index in the convenience channel, and we still are growing share there. So our performance in that channel is good. But as consumers have been a bit more cautious and have less discretionary income to spend, that is why we have seen a bit of an impact on both Sweet Baked Snacks and pet snacks.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then Tucker, your previous comparable sales growth outlook was predicated on both positive volume and price. How do you see both these metrics contributing to your expected 1% full-year comparable sales growth outlook at this stage? Thanks so much.
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, good morning. Acknowledging that our outlook at this time is for 9% year-over-year growth at the midpoint. As you isolate the non-comparable aspects of acquisition, divestiture, foreign exchange and you take into account the impact of the pet co-manufacturing sales, we are seeing net sales growth of 2.5%, which is a change from our previous outlook of approximately 3%. Within that 2.5%, we're seeing about 50 basis points of volume/mix growth, and we're seeing about 2 points of pricing. Pricing has increased from our previous expectation, largely due to another round of pricing within our coffee portfolio due to ongoing green coffee cost increases.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi. Good morning and thank you. One of the reasons given for the reduction in the topline outlook is, as you mentioned, the sweet baked goods category. You're still anticipating it looks like a similar contribution to sales from Hostess this year, though, at least just kind of roughly what we're seeing in the guidance in the slides. Am I reading that wrong? Or I just kind of wanted to reconcile the comment you made about the category softness with kind of what you're looking for specifically from Hostess?
Tucker Marshall: Ken, good morning. I'll speak specifically to the guidance change. So as you transition from 10% at the midpoint of growth coming into the fiscal year to now our most current outlook of 9%, that 1% change is approximately $80 million. About half of that or $40 million is coming through Sweet Baked Snacks, of which $25 million is in the first half of the year and the balance being in the back half of the year. Really, we're seeing the softness that Mark just spoke to coming through the overall category, but also through the specific channel of convenience. And then we're derisking a bit of the back half. And so that is reflected now in the guidance. The balance of the $80 million really is $15 million of pet co-manufacturing sales that are coming in less than anticipated. And again, we don't control that volume. And then the balance is really the puts and calls that we're seeing from our coffee portfolio, our pet portfolio as they sort of reset expectations due to green coffee inflation, and price elasticity of demand as our pet portfolio addresses frequency within pet snacks. And then as we think about the great momentum that we're seeing on the Uncrustables handheld partially offsetting that, is really what's embedded in that change from guidance coming into the fiscal year and where we see it now. The great thing is we're delivering growth and we're delivering a level of volume growth in this environment, and that continues to bode well for our overall portfolio.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. Thank you for that. That's very helpful. And then a quick follow-up. To what degree do you still expect Hostess to be accretive to EPS by a few pennies this year?
Tucker Marshall: So Ken, we did step into this fiscal year and acknowledge a few cents of accretion. I think at this point, as a result of the topline revision, we are now in a dilutive state. We're probably in a range of maybe $0.05 to $0.10. The great thing is, despite the topline softness, we are seeing synergies come in as anticipated and candidly coming in better than expected, which is supporting the overall profit profile of not only the business unit, but also the total company.
Kenneth Goldman: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Robert Moskow from TD Cowen. Your line is now live.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks for the questions. I guess two questions. One is in light of the tougher consumer environment, do you think that the 100 basis point cut here is sufficient? Is there a risk of further cuts to come because there's still a pretty big delta between the guidance for the back half of the year and what we're seeing in the tracking data today. And it's not apples-to-apples, but it does imply a pretty significant inflection. And the second thing I wanted to understand in the guidance is, it looked like you're cutting your marketing spend a little bit. I think you're now maybe about 50 basis points below as a percentage of sales. How did you evaluate the risk/rewards of that decision, especially considering – it looks like you'll probably need more investment on Hostess to get the brand going again and get this 4% growth rate? Thanks.
Tucker Marshall: Rob, good morning. As you think about the flow for the year, we achieved the 9% growth really being driven by ongoing momentum in the Uncrustables frozen handheld portfolio, continued success with the peanut butter chocolate innovation or launch, ongoing momentum within Café Bustelo, which continues to perform at and above expectations and seeing continued momentum across Meow-Mix. And then as you think about some of the more discretionary aspects of the portfolio, our overall pet snacks portfolio has slowed a little bit, to Mark's opening comments. I want to acknowledge that Milk-Bone is still going to demonstrate a level of volume/mix growth. And we also want to acknowledge that within Sweet Baked Snacks, we felt that it was appropriate to acknowledge some of the near-term headwinds that we're addressing, not only at the category level but also at the channel level, particularly that we're seeing in the front half of this fiscal year and then to derisk the back half of the fiscal year a bit. And that's really what is embedded in the overall outlook at the topline. We feel very confident in the overall portfolio. There's just some external factors that have affected more of the discretionary aspects of our portfolio.
Mark Smucker: Rob, it's Mark. I might just add that we still feel very good about the portfolio overall. We've taken a lot of time over these past few years to get it right. We love the brands. We feel very good about Hostess and the trajectory there. Keep in mind, too, that we will have the business fully integrated at or before the one-year anniversary of the acquisition. And from a marketing perspective, although the marketing might be down versus our expectations, we do still expect overall marketing spend in total for the company to be up slightly versus prior year, and we're being very committed to spending those dollars where they need to be spent, namely Uncrustables, supporting the launch of Jif peanut butter chocolate, Milk-Bone and then later in the back half of the year, expect to – and continue to increase marketing on Hostess. And then also as we get through integration, making sure that we can continue to drive just improved distribution. Obviously, we have very good distribution in some of the mass channels. So we'll be turning on our capabilities more fully once we get through the integration.
Robert Moskow: Mark, can I ask a follow-up to that? You said marketing will be up slightly for the full-year, but your sales are going to be up like 9% year-over-year. So are there any brands that are getting a reduction in terms of marketing support as a result of this?
Mark Smucker: I think the way I would think about it, Rob, is that with Hostess, because we're working through some new creative work, new advertising, new brand positioning, that will not be fully baked until the back half of the year. And so we will not be able to level up marketing on Hostess to the same degree that we would expect on some of our other brands.
Robert Moskow: Got it. That makes sense. Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Rob, I would acknowledge to, in our prepared remarks, we talked about our percent of marketing to net sales being just below 5.5%, and it was around 5.5% coming into this fiscal year. So yes, we have pulled back on some marketing this fiscal year, but not in a draconian way.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Peter Galbo: Hey guys. Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Tucker Marshall: Good morning.
Peter Galbo: Mark, Tucker, one question we're getting a little bit. In the prepared remarks, there was no mention on fiscal 2026. As you had kind of talked about last quarter about the ability to kind of be above the algorithm, at least from an EPS perspective, for next year. So maybe you can just touch on that a bit. Are you walking away from that? Just – was it omitted for a reason? Or how we should kind of think about the transition through this year and then into next year, if it's still the same as three months ago? Thanks.
Tucker Marshall: Yes, Pete, we are committed to the comments that we made coming into this fiscal year around FY2026. As we see ongoing base business momentum, as we see the benefits coming through our transformation office in terms of cost and productivity savings, as we mitigate or relieve stranded overhead, as we advance the second year of synergies, and we continue to pay down debt, that is going to enure to the benefit of our earnings growth algorithm. So we're not stepping away from that. Really a reflection of what today is both at the top and bottom line are some external factors that are affecting both category and channel. And so we're acknowledging that, but we're still delivering business momentum and delivering healthy profits.
Peter Galbo: Okay. Great. And Tucker, maybe you can just help us a bit more on the gross margin side, the cadence kind of through the back half of the year. Obviously, with that coming down on green coffee, but any additional color there would be helpful?
Tucker Marshall: Yes. So stepping into the fiscal year, our outlook for gross profit margin was 38% for total company on a full-year basis. We've revised that down to 37.5%. The change is solely due to taking additional pricing as a result of green coffee inflation or another round of green coffee inflation that we're seeing within the portfolio. Candidly, we are seeing a very strong margin profile in the balance of the business, either at plan expectations or slightly ahead. So that's very good for the balance of the portfolio. And then from a cadence standpoint, we delivered a really strong first quarter. We'll probably be around that 37.5%, maybe slightly better in the second quarter, and then will be significantly below that 37.5% in third and fourth quarter, kind of on an equal number in each quarter.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks very much guys.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Matt Smith from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Matthew Smith: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask a question regarding how you're thinking about the additional price increase in the coffee category. You talked about weaker consumer behavior. You didn't mention coffee when you talked about that. But do you expect kind of the historical elasticity factor to hold as you take that additional pricing beginning in October?
Mark Smucker: Matt, it's Mark. I would say that as we've modeled the elasticity, we've been more close to right in terms of our modeling than not. And so I think we feel reasonably good about what we've modeled. I would point out a couple of things, just in general, about the coffee business. We've been here before. First and foremost, obviously, it is a commodity. It can be volatile. World demand for coffee is very strong right now, particularly for robusta's. And so that's what's driving the increase in robusta's. And when we take price, and remember, we go up and down on price, we always are prudent. We have multiple levers. We have the ability to actually flex formulas and still deliver the exact same consumer experience. So that's a lever. Obviously, trade is a lever. And in these volatile times, you do see sometimes a little wonkiness in the category. But as we've led in price, we are now seeing competition follow, which is a good thing. And that should drive a bit more stability in the category. And then finally, just still feeling really good about our portfolio, the fact that we offer options from value to premium, the fact that we have demonstrated an ability to shift our coffee business to where growth is. Previously, a decade ago, we were shifting that to single serve and K-Cup, and now shifting our portfolio over time into the cold brew or more pre-brewed liquid options. And I would highlight that our Bustelo multi-serve offerings are performing very well, initial reads and launch, and are exceeding our expectations.
Matthew Smith: Thank you, Mark, and as a follow-up to the commentary around your expectations for the sweet baked goods category, you talked about confidence in the long-term potential, still that 4% growth range. But you acknowledge the category is under pressure today given the weaker consumer environment and channel shift. I thought I heard Tucker allude to some actions you're taking in the near-term around the category and channel shift. Can you just elaborate on what leverage you have to improve the business beyond just consumers adjusting to the higher price point or the consumer environment getting a little stronger?
Mark Smucker: Fair, Matt. First, I would just, maybe from a macro perspective, highlight that snacking has continued to be a very strong category overall in all of its forms and continues – or has continued to outpace total food. And so we continue to see a lot of bright spots in the snacking. Consumers are still snacking twice a day or about 70% of consumers are eating two snacks a day. Obviously, Uncrustables is a great success story and sort of highlights the snacking. It's still here to stay. But as it relates specifically to Sweet Baked Snacks, we do have opportunities in the future to continue to expand distribution into the channels where we have the most strength. We will continue to innovate. We have a solid innovation pipeline. You've heard us talk about advertising. There's significant opportunity there as well. And maybe, just one other thing I might highlight that we get the question from the media a lot is around the GLP-1 drugs. And of course, we look at that very closely and actually have recently updated – gotten some new data and really looked at that across households and we continue to see that there is really no meaningful impact from GLP-1 drugs on this particular category. And so the softness that we've talked about is really driven, more than anything, by just this less discretionary income. And so for all of those reasons, for all of the things that we can control and that we plan on doing, we still love the brand. Even in convenience, I said earlier, we're still growing share, and we have optimism that we were going to continue to turn on our capabilities and continue to drive this thing.
Matthew Smith: Thanks, Mark. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Tom Palmer from Citi. Your line is now live.
Thomas Palmer: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I wanted to ask on Uncrustables. I think the plan has been for around $100 million in sales growth annually and that this was partially dictated by capacity constraints. Could you just give an update on growth expectations for Uncrustables this year? And then in subsequent years, is $100 million a year still the right way to think about it? Or is this perhaps changing a bit?
Tucker Marshall: Tom. Good morning. We continue to see tremendous runway in the Uncrustable sandwich and the overall brand. Had another great quarter, demonstrating double-digit growth and we are committed to the $1 billion ambition by the end of our fiscal year 2026. And so, as a result of that, we continue to bring on capacity through our Alabama facility that will be producing salable sandwiches here shortly. We continue to advance innovation. We spoke in our prepared remarks about the raspberry flavor that's forthcoming here in the next month. And so we're very pleased with the overall Uncrustables platform and direction, and it's on track to do what we've laid out. And furthermore, it continues to perform in this fiscal year being a real positive contributor to our outlook.
Thomas Palmer: Okay. Thank you. And then we've heard from some of your U.S. food peers, plans for stepped-up promotional activity to drive higher volume. To what extent have you considered a similar plan of action, especially maybe for some parts of the portfolio such as Sweet Baked Snacks or dog treats, where underlying demand seems to be a bit softer lately?
Mark Smucker: Sure, Tom, it's Mark. We have, in general, seen promotional activity return to normalized pre-pandemic levels. And so, although you may see spikes in promotions in any given category at any given time, those are, generally speaking, temporal. And so when we think about where we're allocating our dollars, whether that's marketing or in-store media or merchandising or what have you, we try to lean on our capabilities of RGM and our net revenue optimization and make sure that we're focused on putting those dollars where we really believe that they can actually make an impact.
Thomas Palmer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
Steve Powers: Hey, great. Thank you. Going back to the second round of anticipated coffee pricing that you're putting in place in October, I'm wondering if you're able to provide a more perspective in terms of the likely magnitude of that increase and whether it will be focused on any particular channels, brands or formats? For example, both pods and ground or just ground. Just to give us a little more sense of how you're thinking about that increase?
Mark Smucker: Steve, it's Mark. I can't provide specifics around the magnitude, but what I can tell you is that it is across the entire portfolio. So that means roast and ground, it means single serve it's all brands. And so it's very holistic.
Steve Powers: Okay, that helps. Thank you very much. And then pivoting back to the slowdown that we've seen in dog snacks that's impacting Milk-Bone, it seems to have been relatively abrupt and struck as somewhat of a surprise. And I guess as you look back, I'm wondering if you now see any markers that might have pointed to these dynamics ahead of time that you might have been underappreciated or perhaps more importantly, are there factors that you're now tracking that might serve as a barometer of demand looking forward. I guess, I'm trying to get a sense of your visibility and ability to anticipate demand in this category versus kind of having to react to things more in real time.
Mark Smucker: Yes, Steve, what I would share is, first of all, Milk-Bone did grow. So our total dog snacks was down in the quarter, primarily because of our soft and chewy business was a little bit soft, but Milk-Bone actually did see some modest growth to the tune of 2% in volume. So we attribute that to, A, that we continue to support the brand; B, that it plays in most – all segments across the category in forms and occasions as well as offering products that are both premium to value. And on top of that, we launched the soft and chewy Peanut Buttery Bites that contain Jif, or co-branded with Jif, and that product, like all our innovation, currently has been performing very well. And so for all of those factors, Milk-Bone continues to perform. As it relates to the consumer, I think we've been pretty specific that this lower discretionary income primarily impacts the discretionary categories of pet snacks and Sweet Baked Snacks. And so that's where we've really seen most of the focus. And maybe I'll just leave it there.
Steve Powers: Okay. Yes, that's fair. I appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Mark Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Your line is now live.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Tucker Marshall: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Okay. So two quick brand-focused questions. First of all, on Hostess, I think you commented in the prepared remarks that you're expecting volume/mix growth in Hostess this year despite the disappointing topline results so far. What gives you the confidence that you'll be able to turn it around into positive territory this year?
Tucker Marshall: Alexia, we believe that we are in the right category. Sweet Baked Goods category is a great category, and we have the right brand and portfolio within Sweet Baked Snacking, and we're very pleased with that decision. The acquisition is on track from an integration standpoint. It's a strong brand, and we have the right focus and tactics on the portfolio. What we're seeing that's caused our topline revision this fiscal year is largely driven by the overall category and how the category has been down, but we continue to perform in the category, and demonstrating that we also have an over-index to the convenience channel and that channel has also been down in totality as well. But what gives us confidence in the portfolio is, one, is the ongoing opportunities to see stabilization in the C-store channel, ongoing merchandising and distribution opportunities within traditional retail, the ability to expand into the Away From Home channel as well, along with the opportunity to have synergies sort of come across from each business and to support one another. I will also say that we are calling down approximately $40 million, of which $25 million is in the front half. We walked into the fiscal year and we said we would be flat to slightly down in the front half of the year. We're going to be down now as a result because of the $40 million, $25 million, as I said, has come through the first half. The back half, the additional $15 million, is not simply derisking because of some of the uncertainty, particularly until we're able to see some of the stabilization and continue to advance the strategic tactics across the portfolio.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you. And as a follow-up, could we switch to Dunkin'. It looks as though I think volume/mix and pricing was down this time in contrast with some of your other coffee brands which did very well. Is there something going on with competitive dynamics that's specific to Dunkin'? Or is it something else that's going on with the brand?
Mark Smucker: Yes, Alexia, it's Mark. We have continued to see some competitive dynamics in Dunkin'. And I think that's really what's driving it. We still feel really good about the brand, and you know it's a pretty large portion of our coffee business. And so as pricing looks to be normalizing in the category, we would expect to see some stabilization of that over time. And then, of course, we will continue to support the brand.
Alexia Howard: Perfect. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Mark Smucker: Operator, I think we're waiting for a question from Rob Dickerson?
Operator: Apologies, ladies and gentlemen, we are currently experiencing technical difficulties. We move on to our next question, which is coming from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Robert Dickerson: Thank you so much. Tucker, maybe a question for you just on pet. I mean, clearly, the profitability in the quarter was very impressive. Just kind of curious, how you're thinking about sustainability of that margin profile of the business for the rest of the year? And then also, as we think forward to the next fiscal year, right, when it seems like a fair amount of stranded overhead should still come off – like what we're seeing today, is that sustainable even for this year. Does that also imply that pet margin could be even higher next year ex the stranded overhead? That's the first question. Thanks.
Tucker Marshall: Rob. Good morning. Yes, it's nice to see the strength of profitability in our pet portfolio and the strong performance for the quarter. What is supporting that is just the positive volume/mix momentum coming across the portfolio through both pet snacks and cat food. You're seeing a stabilization in the supply chain, particularly within our cat food portfolio. You're seeing the benefits of our cost and productivity savings, the initial steps to begin realizing or removing stranded overhead. And so it is definitely a good first quarter. As we think going forward, in that 25% range, maybe slightly better should kind of continue to be the outlook for the portfolio. Again, we'll be able to sharpen the pencil on that and provide more of an update as we go through this fiscal year and into next. But again, it's a nice restoration of overall profit and margin in that portfolio as we've focused on the areas where we have the right to win in pet snacks and cat food.
Robert Dickerson: All right. Great. And then, I guess, just specifically on the lower EPS, I mean, it's not that much lower, but a little lower. I guess while I respect a little slower sales in Hostess and dog snacks for the drivers you mentioned, would you say like maybe the lion's share of that – of the lower EPS is also just off of the higher green coffee costs? And I'm kind of asking a way also because I'm trying to understand clearly a pass-through category, depending on the environment, right, maybe you can price a little bit more and you could even manage the flat profit dollars versus a lower margin, but now I have a little bit of a lower margin, at least on the growth side for the year, but then a little lower profit dollars, right? So it almost seems like kind of treading really carefully from my perspective on the pricing side just kind of given the consumer environment. Thanks. That's all.
Tucker Marshall: Rob, we didn't hear the initial part of your question. It came in very faint. But what I thought I heard was the change in the midpoint of our adjusted earnings per share guidance range of approximately $0.20 to sort of how did that break down? Was that the question? I just want to make sure we answer...
Robert Dickerson: Yes. I mean that's – yes, that's a simple question. And I'm also just trying to figure out if you're treading a little carefully on the pricing dynamic in coffee, right? So maybe not flat dollar profit in the back half, right, but maybe a little lower margin and a little bit lower profit from coffee. So kind of what's the breakout? And then like what is the thought process on the amount of pricing you would be taking in coffee relative to the consumer environment? That's all.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. So there's a lot to unpack there. Why don't we just sort of start at the highest level. The $0.20 change in the midpoint of our previous guidance range from $10 to $9.80. When you break that down, it's approximately $0.25 reduction from topline or net sales. It's approximately a $0.35 gross margin impact, which is largely coming through your coffee portfolio, if not all. And then that is being offset by $0.40 of SD&A favorability which over-indexes to administrative support and then to a level of marketing. As we think about sort of the coffee dynamic, what we had to do is acknowledge rising costs, recover those costs on a dollar-for-dollar basis on an appropriate pass-through way. And as you know, we passed through both inflation and deflation as we see it on green coffee. And then what we have also acknowledged is a price elasticity of demand associated with taking that additional round of pricing in order to recover these costs.
Robert Dickerson: Okay, that's perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Max Gumport from BNP Paribas. Your line is now live.
Max Gumport: Hey, Thanks for the question. First one is on the dog treats weakness that you called out. So it sounds like what you're seeing is primarily a consumer dynamic with regard to discretionary income pressure. But I'm wondering how retailers are reacting and if you're seeing any reductions in order patterns or inventory getting worked down? Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Max, this is Mark. Could you repeat the second part of your question, please? I got the first part about, which I'll answer about dog snacks. What was the second part?
Max Gumport: Yes. The second part was on dog snacks, but it's wondering if how retailers are reacting to this consumer pressure? Are they reducing inventory of dog treats given the discretionary income pressure? I'm wondering if there's more weakness coming given what you're seeing from a retailer order pattern.
Mark Smucker: Yes. Got it. On that latter part, I don't think we've seen any meaningful inventory reduction on dog snacks. It seems to be business as usual. I think what's driving a little bit of the slowdown is, again, the less discretionary income, which is leading to less frequency of buying, right? So pet parents are still treating their pets, treating their dogs, with less frequency. And so that is truly just driven by the economic environment and the lower discretionary income.
Max Gumport: Got it. Thanks. And then switching to Hostess. I just want to better understand your comments on derisking Hostess for the year. So you mentioned the $40 million cut to your full-year expectation, which is really a 3% cut to your prior topline expectations. Trends so far this fiscal year versus your initial expectation for flat to modestly up in the first half look well more than three points below where you had expected to be. And so I'm just wondering what's giving you the confidence, especially in that back half that you've really derisked it and that you've taken down numbers enough, particularly given the pressure you're seeing is category and channel related and it feels like it's a bit out of your control for this fiscal year? Thanks.
Tucker Marshall: Max, I think you framed in the $40 million, as we've said, a $25 million reduction to the front half of the fiscal year. Coming into the fiscal year, we acknowledge that we would be flat to down in the front half and then in the back half, we would be up. And so we're calling down the back half about $15 million. We'll still have a level of growth in the back half. But then I think on a full-year basis, it's going to feel sort of flattish. What gives us confidence in the portfolio is, one, the category. We're in the right category. Two is, as we can continue to see some level of stabilization or moderation in the C-store channel, excuse me, as we think about getting to an integrated state here in the fall, will enable us to sort of be on one system, one platform. We've always been one team, but will truly be one team. And then acknowledging too, that we can continue to work through merchandising and distribution in the traditional retail channels, both of Walmart grocery, Club as well as the Dollar channel. And then you can also think of the opportunity to continue to advance growth in the Away From Home channel as well. And so we continue to have the right tactics against the portfolio and are very confident not only in the brand but also in our participation in the overall category.
Max Gumport: Okay. Thanks very much. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. We reached end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mark for any further closing comments.
Mark Smucker: Thank you all for your time today and for joining our call. I just want to reiterate how pleased we are with our strong first quarter results and our transformed portfolio continue to be resilient in this dynamic consumer environment. We remain confident in our strategy and our success continues to be powered by our dedicated employees who, as always, I would like to thank for their outstanding contributions. We hope that many of you will be able to join us in Boston at the Barclays Global Consumer Staples Conference next week. A live webcast of our presentation on September 3 at 12:45 can also be accessed from our Investor Relations website. Have a great rest of your day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-06-06 07:00:00) =====
Aaron Broholm: Good morning, this is Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations for The J. M. Smucker Company. Thank you for listening to our prepared remarks on our Fiscal 2024 Fourth Quarter Earnings. After this brief introduction, Mark Smucker, Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide a business and strategy update. Tucker Marshall, Chief Financial Officer, will then provide a detailed analysis of the financial results and our fiscal 2025 outlook. Later this morning, we will hold a separate, live question-and-answer webcast. During today’s discussion, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Additionally, please note we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures management uses to evaluate performance internally. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements and details on our non-GAAP measures in this morning’s press release. Today’s press release, a supplementary slide deck, management’s prepared remarks, and the Q&A webcast can all be accessed on our Investor Relations website at jmsmucker.com. We invite all interested parties to join us at 9:00 am Eastern Time today for a live question-and-answer session with management to further discuss our fourth quarter results and next year’s outlook for fiscal year 2025. I will now turn the discussion over to Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will first summarize our full-year performance and then provide highlights on our fourth quarter results. I will also share why we are confident in continuing to deliver sales and earnings growth in fiscal year 2025, while investing to strengthen our brands and expand our key growth platforms. Tucker will then provide additional detail on our fourth quarter results and next fiscal year’s outlook. Fiscal 2024 was a year of significant progress as we achieved our near-term goals and strengthened our business for the long-term. Our performance reflects topline growth supported by consumer demand for our portfolio of leading brands and bottom line results that exceeded our expectations, including a better than anticipated fourth quarter. Full-year comparable net sales increased 8% with volume/mix growth across all of our U.S. Retail segments and our International and Away From Home businesses. Full-year adjusted earnings per share was $9.94, reflecting a double-digit percentage increase versus the prior year. Our results reaffirm that our strategy is working, as we continue to execute and deliver results in a dynamic consumer environment. Notably, we continued to transform our portfolio to increase focus on the strategy of building brands consumers love and establishing leading positions in the advantaged categories of coffee, snacking, and pet foods. With the acquisition of Hostess Brands, the Company gained leadership in the highly-attractive snacking market. Our entry into this category also amplifies our focus on convenient food and beverage occasions allowing us to meet consumer preferences and needs across all parts of the day. The acquisition also supports the delivery of our long-term financial goals by increasing our scale, profitability, and cash flow. We also refined our strategic priorities to better align the organization: First, deliver the business, which includes a focus on growing volume and net sales, operating with excellence, and continuing to prioritize resources to capitalize on our fastest growth opportunities. Next, integrate and deliver on the acquired Hostess business, including the alignment of systems and processes, achieving cost synergies and growth ambitions, and nurturing a unified culture as we expand our organization. And third, achieve our transformation, cost discipline, and cash generation aspirations. These priorities guide our business and position the Company to deliver long-term sustainable growth and increase shareholder value. We also continued to execute on our key platforms. Of note, we: Continued to invest in Uncrustables sandwiches. In fiscal year 2024, we grew the brand by over $100 million, expanded distribution, including introducing the brand in Canada, launched the brand’s first national marketing campaign, and made progress on our latest manufacturing facility in McCalla, Alabama. In dog snacks and cat food, we grew both dollar and volume share for our category-leading Milk-Bone and Meow Mix brands. We also continued to build on our successful innovation track record and have an exciting pipeline planned for fiscal 2025. In coffee, we extended our portfolio into new formats to continue meeting evolving consumer preferences, with the launch of Dunkin’ and Café Bustelo offerings that provide a customized cold coffee experience at home. The Dunkin’ brand has quickly grown to the number two position in the shelf-stable liquid coffee concentrate category and Café Bustelo Espresso Style Multi-Serve began shipping in May. And, in sweet baked snacks, we expanded our leadership in donuts with the opening of our latest facility in Arkadelphia, Arkansas. This new facility is dedicated to producing Hostess Donettes and supports future growth for the brand. Turning to our fourth quarter results, we delivered comparable net sales growth of 3%, which included volume/mix growth, continuing our positive trend through the fiscal year. Net sales growth was slightly below expectations, driven by competitive dynamics within the coffee category. Our continued focus on superior execution, cost and productivity savings, and several unplanned benefits drove adjusted earnings per share that exceeded our expectations, resulting in a 1% increase versus the prior year. In Coffee, net sales decreased driven by a list price decline, as we continued to pass through the benefit of lower coffee costs to consumers, and a decreased contribution from volume/mix. In the quarter, we saw volume/mix growth for our key coffee growth drivers, the Café Bustelo and Dunkin’ brands, as well as K-Cups. Folgers mainstream roast and ground coffee declined due to increased competitive activity and lapping strong promotions in the prior year as we passed through the benefit of lower coffee costs. The coffee category continues to experience commodity volatility and overall meaningful inflation. In response to recent higher green coffee costs that we will begin to incur during the first quarter, we are taking a list price increase across parts of our portfolio in early June. As always, we will continue to manage our coffee business through a strategy that demonstrates a balance between recovering inflationary input costs, while providing consumers with attractive options ranging from value to premium. We expect the coffee category to remain resilient, despite recent inflationary pressures and volume declines, given consumers’ love of daily coffee rituals and continued strength in at-home consumption. 70% of all coffee drinking occasions continue to be at home. This trend largely benefits us as the number one at-home manufacturer in the U.S. retail coffee market, with three of the top seven brands in the category. Turning to our Frozen Handheld and Spreads business, comparable net sales grew 1%. U.S Retail net sales for Uncrustables sandwiches grew double-digits, primarily driven by volume/mix growth. Total Company net sales for Uncrustables increased 17% this quarter, including the Away From Home and International businesses. For the full fiscal year, the brand grew to approximately $800 million. Operations for our third Uncrustables facility are anticipated to begin later this calendar year. This expanded capacity will enable continued growth across all channels and growing the brand to approximately $1 billion in annual net sales by the end of fiscal year 2026. In peanut butter, net sales for the Jif brand were in-line with the prior year. In the overall category we are lapping industry supply disruptions and experiencing increased competitive activity from private label. We expect these dynamics to normalize over time. We will continue to drive growth for the brand as we invest in marketing and innovation, including our recent launch of a Jif Peanut Butter & Chocolate Flavored Spread. Smucker’s fruit spreads net sales declined due to lapping elevated shipments in the prior year following the resolution of supply chain constraints on the brand. Volume for consumer takeaway was positive, and we gained more share than any competitor in the quarter. In Pet Foods, comparable net sales increased double digits versus the prior year, including strong growth for our Meow Mix and Milk-Bone brands. For Meow Mix, supply has significantly improved, and net sales grew double-digits in the quarter. Milk-Bone continued to drive growth, driven by elevated innovation and continued investment in brand-building. Our refocused pet portfolio is performing well from both a sales and margin growth perspective and continues to highlight the benefits of focusing on brands and categories where we have a leading market share position. Turning to the Sweet Baked Snacks segment, we are overall pleased with the progress of the integration and our performance in the market, even though net sales and profit were slightly below our expectations. The Hostess brand gained volume share in the quarter, and long-term snacking trends continue to be favorable, providing tailwinds for our business. We have exciting and significant opportunities to grow the brand including a strong innovation pipeline, joint merchandising with our legacy brands, and expanded distribution leveraging our strength in retail and away from home channels. These opportunities continue to give us confidence in the business and its future contributions to our growth objectives, including anticipated net sales growth in fiscal year 2025. The integration is on-track and, with the majority of our cost synergy analysis and organization design completed, we were able to begin recognizing synergies in the quarter, which is earlier than originally anticipated. We continue to anticipate cost synergies of approximately $100 million to be achieved by the end of fiscal year 2026. In International and Away From Home, strong comparable net sales growth was primarily due to a double-digit increase in the Away From Home business, driven by Uncrustables sandwiches, portion control, and coffee. Our Away From Home business demonstrated dollar share growth across the majority of our categories in the quarter, including record high dollar share for fruit spreads and peanut butter portion control products. We will continue to leverage our key retail platforms to drive future growth in the Away From Home channels. Looking ahead, fiscal year 2025 will be a year of investment behind our brands and capabilities, these investments are essential to support sustainable long-term growth for the Company. For fiscal year 2025 we expect another year of solid comparable net sales growth in line with our long-term algorithm, with year-over-year growth of 2% at the mid-point of our guidance range, inclusive of a 1% headwind from reduced contract manufacturing sales related to the divested pet food brands. Reported net sales will be up approximately 10% at the mid-point of our guidance range. This growth will be supported by a full-year of sales from the Hostess acquisition and the continued momentum of our brands, including favorable volume/mix growth for the total company. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be $10.00 at the mid-point of our guidance range. This reflects net sales growth, a full-year of income from the Hostess acquisition, realization of synergies, and benefits from our transformation efforts. These benefits will be partially offset by elevated investments for the Uncrustables brand, incremental marketing spend, and higher interest expense and shares outstanding related to the Hostess acquisition. Looking beyond this fiscal year, we anticipate adjusted earnings per share growth in fiscal year 2026 above our long-term algorithm, supported by base business momentum, cost and productivity savings, relief from stranded overhead, full realization of acquisition synergies, and continued debt paydown. Our ability to deliver continued growth and increase shareholder value is grounded in our focus on the execution of our strategic priorities and continued performance across our key platforms. We remain confident in our strategy, and we are well positioned in attractive categories with leading brands and offerings ranging from value to premium. In closing, I would like to extend my gratitude to all our employees for their unwavering focus, dedication, and outstanding contributions. Together we will continue to deliver on our commitment to achieve long-term sustainable growth, while making a meaningful and positive impact on society. With that, I’ll turn it over to Tucker for additional insight on our financials and fiscal 2025 outlook.
Tucker Marshall: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I’ll begin by giving an overview of our fourth quarter results, then I’ll provide additional details on our financial outlook for fiscal year 2025. In the quarter, net sales declined 1%. Comparable net sales increased 3%, excluding the prior year sales related to the divested businesses, current year sales for the Hostess acquisition, and foreign currency exchange. The increase in comparable net sales reflects a 2 percentage point increase from higher net price realization, primarily for Frozen Handheld and Spreads, Pet Foods, and International and Away From Home, partially offset by lower net price realization for Coffee. Favorable volume/mix increased net sales by 1%, primarily driven by Uncrustables sandwiches, contract manufacturing sales related to the divested pet food brands, Café Bustelo coffee, and Meow Mix cat food. This increase was partially offset by Folgers coffee, Jif peanut butter, and Smucker's fruit spreads. Adjusted gross profit increased to $117 million, or 15%, compared to the prior year. The increase primarily reflects a favorable impact from the acquisition of Hostess Brands, lower costs, higher net price realization, and favorable volume/mix, partially offset by the impact of divestitures. Adjusted operating income increased $53 million, or 13%, reflecting the increased gross profit, partially offset by higher SD&A expenses. The increase in SD&A was primarily driven by the acquisition of Hostess Brands, increased investments in marketing, and pre-production expenses related to the new Uncrustables manufacturing facility, partially offset by the impact of divestitures. Below operating income, net interest expense increased $62 million, primarily due to an increase in interest expense related to debt issued to partially finance the acquisition of Hostess Brands. The adjusted effective income tax rate was 23.2%, compared to 23.8% in the prior year. Factoring in all these considerations, along with weighted average shares outstanding of 106.4 million, fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share was $2.66, an increase of 1% versus the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share significantly exceeded our expectations in the quarter driven by better than anticipated gross margin, SD&A expenses, the early realization of synergies from the Hostess acquisition, and the net benefit of several unplanned items in the quarter related to certain pension, interest, and tax matters. Turning to our segment results, in the U.S. Retail Coffee segment, net sales decreased 4% versus the prior year. Net price realization reduced net sales by 2 percentage points, driven by a list price decline for the majority of the portfolio, partially offset by reduced trade spend. Volume/mix decreased net sales by 2 percentage points, primarily driven by the Folgers brand, partially offset by increased contributions from the Café Bustelo and Dunkin' brands. U.S. Retail Coffee segment profit increased 5%, reflecting lower commodity costs, partially offset by lower net price realization, and increased marketing and distribution expenses. In U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads, net sales decreased 1%. Excluding non-comparable sales in the prior year related to the divested Sahale Snacks business, net sales increased 1%. Higher net price realization increased net sales by 4 percentage points, primarily reflecting a list price increase to recover increased costs for Jif peanut butter. Volume/mix decreased net sales by 3 percentage points, primarily driven by Jif peanut butter and Smucker’s fruit spreads, partially offset by an increase for Uncrustables sandwiches. U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads segment profit decreased 7%, primarily reflecting higher pre-production expenses related to the new Uncrustables manufacturing facility, increased marketing investments for Uncrustables sandwiches, and unfavorable volume/mix. The decrease was partially offset by higher net price realization, primarily due to a list price increase to recover increased costs for peanut butter. In U.S. Retail Pet Foods, reported net sales decreased 42% versus the prior year. Excluding net sales in the prior year related to the divested pet food brands, comparable net sales increased 11%. Volume/mix increased net sales by 8 percentage points, primarily driven by $23 million of contract manufacturing sales related to the divested pet food brands and growth for the Milk-Bone, Meow Mix, and Pup-Peroni brands. Higher net price realization increased net sales by 3 percentage points, primarily reflecting a list price increase for Meow Mix cat food. The Meow Mix, Milk-Bone, and Pup-Peroni brands performed well in the quarter growing 11%, 4%, and 7%, respectively. U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment profit decreased 22%, primarily reflecting the non-comparable segment profit in the prior year related to the divested pet food brands and increased SD&A expenses. Excluding the impact of the divestiture, segment profit increased by a double-digit percentage, primarily driven by lower costs, higher net price realization, and favorable volume/mix. In the Sweet Baked Snacks segment, which reflects the acquired Hostess business, net sales were $337 million and segment profit was $70 million. Lastly, in International and Away From Home, net sales decreased 1%. Excluding non-comparable net sales in the prior year related to divestitures and unfavorable foreign currency exchange, net sales increased 8%. Net price realization contributed a 5 percentage point increase to net sales, primarily driven by list price increases across the majority of the portfolio to recover increased costs, partially offset by increased trade spend. Volume/mix increased net sales by 3 percentage points for the combined businesses, primarily driven by Uncrustables sandwiches and portion control products. Net sales for the Away From Home business increased 12% on a comparable basis, led by double-digit percentage growth for Uncrustables sandwiches and portion control products. Net sales for the International business increased 1% on a comparable basis, primarily driven by Uncrustables sandwiches in Canada. International and Away From Home segment profit increased 28%, primarily reflecting higher net price realization, lower costs, and favorable volume/mix, partially offset by increased SD&A expenses. Fourth quarter free cash flow was $298 million, compared to $299 million in the prior year, driven by the decrease in cash provided by operating activities, mostly offset by a decrease in capital expenditures as compared to the prior year. On a full-year basis, free cash flow was $643 million, with capital expenditures of $587 million, representing 7.2% of net sales. In fiscal 2024, we increased our quarterly dividend by 4%, marking 26 consecutive calendar years of dividend growth. We expect our Board to maintain the Company’s current practice of returning approximately 40% to 45% of our annual adjusted earnings per share to shareholders, reflecting dividend growth consistent with future earnings growth. We finished the year with a cash and cash equivalent balance of $62 million and a total debt balance of $8.4 billion. Our trailing twelve-month adjusted EBITDA is approximately $1.7 billion. When accounting for acquisitions and one-time transaction and integration costs, our proforma adjusted EBITDA is approximately $2 billion, which equates to a leverage ratio of 4.2x. We plan to prioritize debt reduction by paying down approximately $500 million of debt annually over each of the next three years. With this anticipated deleveraging, achievement of cost synergies, and overall business growth, we anticipate a leverage ratio of approximately 3.0x net debt to EBITDA by the end of fiscal year 2027. This level of debt provides the financial flexibility for a balanced approach to capital deployment, while maintaining an investment-grade debt rating, and the flexibility to undertake strategic growth opportunities. Let me now provide additional color on our outlook for fiscal year 2025. We expect full-year net sales to increase 9.5% to 10.5% compared to the prior year reflecting a full-year of sales from the Hostess Brands acquisition, a 1% unfavorable impact from reduced contract manufacturing sales related to the divested pet food brands, and a 1% headwind from lapping sales of the divested Sahale Snacks and Canadian condiment businesses. On a comparable basis, net sales are anticipated to increase approximately 1.5% to 2.5%, including approximately $50 million of contract manufacturing sales related to the divested pet food brands versus $136 million in the prior year, or a 1% unfavorable impact. This reflects the continued momentum for our business and brands, including volume/mix growth for Uncrustables sandwiches, cat food and dog snacks, the Hostess brand, K-Cups, and the Away From Home business. Net sales growth also reflects higher net price realization, primarily due to a list price increase for the Coffee segment to recover increased commodity costs. We anticipate full-year gross profit margin of approximately 38%. This reflects favorable volume/mix, higher net price benefits, the realization of synergies, and cost and productivity savings from our transformation efforts. These benefits will be mostly offset by higher commodity costs and ongoing expenses for the new Uncrustables facility. SD&A expenses are projected to increase by approximately 13%, primarily reflecting a full-year of operating expenses from the Hostess acquisition, increased marketing investments, and higher distribution expense from the new Uncrustables facility. Total marketing expense is estimated to be 5.5% of net sales. We anticipate net interest expense of approximately $400 million and an adjusted effective income tax rate of 24.4%, along with a full-year weighted average share count of 106.4 million. Taking all these factors into consideration, we anticipate full-year adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $9.80 to $10.20. This guidance range includes a few cents of accretion from the Hostess acquisition, thus recovering the $0.40 of dilution in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share includes a $0.35 investment to continue to advance the Uncrustables brand. Further, adjusted earnings per share includes a net $0.60 impact related to stranded overhead from the pet food divestiture, representing no impact to earnings growth versus the prior year. In the first quarter of the fiscal year, net sales are anticipated to increase a high-teen percentage, primarily reflecting sales from the Hostess acquisition and volume/mix growth for the business, partially offset by $35 million in reduced contract manufacturing sales. Adjusted earnings per share are expected to decline low-single digits, primarily driven by higher SD&A and interest expense, partially offset by income from the Hostess acquisition. The increase in SD&A is primarily driven by the acquisition of Hostess Brands, incremental marketing investments, and pre-production expenses related to the new Uncrustables facility. We project free cash flow of approximately $900 million, with capital expenditures of $450 million for the year. Other key assumptions affecting cash flow include: depreciation expense of approximately $300 million, amortization expense of approximately $225 million, share-based compensation expense of $35 million, and other non-cash charges of $45 million. In closing, we continue to be encouraged by the momentum of our business and leading brands, and we remain confident in our strategy and ability to deliver on the commitments we outlined today. We are in a strong financial position to deliver sustained profitable growth and increased shareholder value. And, I would like to express my appreciation for our employees. They have demonstrated their commitment to executing with excellence, and their passion for our Company positions us for continued success. Thank you.
Q - :

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-02-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the J.M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2024 Third Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer session. This conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning, and thank you for joining our fiscal 2024 third quarter earnings question-and-answer session. I hope everyone had a chance to review our results as detailed in this morning's press release and management's prepared remarks which are available on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. We will also post an audio replay of this call at the conclusion of this morning's Q&A session. During today's call, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we use non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements and details on our non-GAAP measures in this morning's press release. Participating on this call are Mark Smucker, Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tucker Marshall, Chief Financial Officer. We will now open up the call for questions. Operator, please queue up the first questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. I guess to start, obviously, Smucker delivered 6% comparable sales growth in fiscal 3Q, and I think you expect something similar in the fourth quarter as well. With Uncrustables set to accelerate, as you talked about in the prepared remarks in the fourth quarter, trying to get a sense of what would be the offset or what you expect might slow to get back to that mid-single-digit range in the fourth quarter? Or is there some conservatism built in?
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning.
Tucker Marshall: We are certainly pleased with our third quarter performance. And as you've noted, we anticipate the business momentum to continue into the fourth quarter. Specifically to your question, we would anticipate pet to slow down a bit in the fourth quarter, but still continue its momentum across the portfolio.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And I guess just picking up on that thread, Pet Food comparable sales obviously increased about 20% in the quarter. And even if you take out about 6 points of growth from contract manufacturing, it was still pretty solid double-digit growth on the base within Pet. And obviously, you expect that to slow a bit. But I guess what -- was there something anomalous in the third quarter that led to that strength of growth in underlying Pet that doesn’t continue into the fourth quarter or the next few quarters? Thanks a lot.
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, we did see a normalization of our Pet supply chain specifically on Meow Mix in support of manufacturing that was a contributor to the third quarter. And we would still anticipate in the fourth quarter the Pet gross double digits.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Ken Goldman from JP Morgan. Your line is now live.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. Last week, you mentioned that marketing would be a headwind to earnings next year. I think partly on Hostess and partly on the Base business, I believe. With the understanding that you’re not quite in a position yet to give exact guidance, I was just hoping to get a little bit better sense of the degree or magnitude to which marketing for the total company may rise. And I’m asking especially in light of this year where I think you're a decent amount below your longer term target range as a percent of sales? Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Ken, with respect to marketing associated with our Sweet Baked snacks business, we anticipate a step up in marketing in the coming quarters in support of the brand and our excitement of the portfolio and the opportunity to continue to advance and support the growth of the Hostess brands or portfolio. We have contemplated that at the time of acquisition. We have contemplated that as we gave our outlook for this fiscal year. And we've contemplated that as we think about what potential contribution Hostess could provide for FY '25. Certainly, we look forward to providing a little bit more of the detail of what that step up is on our fourth quarter earnings call when we give the outlook for next fiscal year.
Ken Goldman: Okay. I'll follow-up offline on that one. And then I wanted to ask, maybe I missed this, but transaction and integration cash costs, I think you raised the number by around $20 million for that in terms of your expectation for this year. Can you go into a little bit of why that was increased unless I'm wrong about that. And were these pulled forward from next year, or are they additive to the total deal cost?
Tucker Marshall: Yes. So it's really a pull forward of some expenses that we had thought would time out into next fiscal year. We have not raised our outlook for the overall transaction and integration expenses. It's more of an impact of timing.
Ken Goldman: Thanks, Tucker.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Galbo: Mark, maybe you could just expand a little bit on your prepared remarks around Uncrustables, specific to the retail channel. I know you had a difficult compare in the third quarter. And obviously, the Away From Home business is growing pretty nicely. But just what gives you the confidence, I guess, that you'll go from the minus to kind of do a double-digit in the fourth quarter, specifically in retail?
Mark Smucker: Yes. Sure, Peter. Thanks for the question. If I may, I might just start a bit more high level on the total business and then answer your question specifically. I think first and foremost, we feel great about our performance this quarter. We feel that it is, in many ways, a validating moment and our strategic journey. And I know that all of you on the call particularly our analysts, our sell-side community has been very closely watching us over the last 3 years along that journey, they reshape of our portfolio, the building of these capabilities, the focus on execution, the marketing expertise, the selling expertise, the supply chain resiliency, all of those things really, for us, helped to sort of validate that we've made the right decisions and choices along the way. And ultimately, it starts with the consumer and understanding what the consumer wants. So I would like just to take a moment and just highlight how proud we are of these results, the underlying business momentum and that we have -- we feel very confident in the decisions that we've made and the way that we've been able to reshape our portfolio. As it relates specifically to Uncrustables, our confidence in that brand has not wavered. We are on track to start up the McCalla, Alabama facility this calendar year. And we knew that we were lapping of huge comp in the prior Q3 because the long month, Colorado, the second plant expansion was completed. And so we were able to gain a significant amount of distribution in last year's third quarter. And so obviously, we were lapping that in the retail space. And in addition, we still saw -- in addition to the lap in the retail space, we still saw really good performance in both Canada and very strong performance in the Away From Home space. But I think notably, if you look at consumer takeaway in the quarter, the consumer takeaway remains very strong, which again, helps to support our confidence in the double-digit growth and the reacceleration of the brand as we move forward into the next several quarters. And then I guess just one final point about Uncrustables, remember, we just turned on marketing. So we've had great -- not only the advertising, both in traditional and social channels, but also the endorsements that we've had across some of our professional sports sponsorships and then our ability to continue to gain distribution in all of those channels just supports the confidence in that brand.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks, Mark. And Tucker, maybe just to follow-up on the contract manufacturing sales. The number kind of keeps trickling down, I think, a bit quarter-on-quarter. Just you talked a little bit last week on kind of through the first 6 months of next year. But just any more color you can give us as we start to kind of model out that specific piece of it into next year?
Tucker Marshall: Yes. Peter, so we’ve an outlook for this fiscal year, and it's approximately $140 million. That's on a 12-month period. As we think about next year, we know that contract manufacturing sales will continue through -- largely through the first half of our fiscal. I think the cadence will be able to articulate a little bit better on our fourth quarter fall. But I think it probably makes sense to sort of work with $140 million and think about sort of the front half.
Peter Galbo: Thanks, Tucker.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Tom Palmer from Citi. Your line is now live.
Tom Palmer: Good morning and thanks for the questions.
Tucker Marshall: Good morning.
Tom Palmer: Maybe just follow-up quickly on the contract manufacturing that Peter asked on. So you've taken down your outlook for sales. I think one of the -- you talked on some limitations in terms of remediating [ph] stranded costs, whether contract manufacturing, sales are still going on, but you also had a change to your earnings dilution this year, right, to $0.60. So maybe just get an update, are you able to eliminate some of these stranded costs as you think about this year? Because I think last week, there was a little bit of a call out maybe as we look at the back half of the year, moving parts with the contract rolling off having the stranded cost lag. But again, seeing that this year, the accelerated roll off, it hasn't really impacted that earnings dilution.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. Tom, maybe for awareness purposes, stranded overhead and contract manufacturing sales are independent. So first of all, speaking to contract manufacturing sales, the outlook for this fiscal year today is $140 million. It is essentially at no profit. Those sales will begin to go away halfway through next fiscal year. The removal or the elimination of contract manufacturing sales really does not address stranded overhead. Stranded overhead outlook for this fiscal year is a net $0.60 impact. We had said since the time of divestiture, there would be an impact in FY '24 and in FY '25. To date, we've not outlined what the FY '25 impact is other than to note there will be an impact. As you think about stranded overhead, really what is driving that and the predominance of what will need to be addressed is our network, largely driven by distribution. So as the post volume and/or product leaves our distribution environment, we need to right size that in support of addressing stranded overhead among other activities that we've already identified and are beginning to address for the benefit of next fiscal year. And then ultimately, we believe by the time we step into FY '26, we should begin to have address stranded overhead and begin to get it behind us.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thanks for that detail. I wanted to maybe clarify some of the costs on Uncrustables. You mentioned the start up costs for 4Q and kind of the full year start up costs. I just wanted to clarify on that, how much the start up costs were in 3Q as we think about kind of the progression into 4Q? And then secondarily, just a step up in advertising, how significant that might be as we think about 3Q to 4Q? Thanks.
Tucker Marshall: So as we think about the Uncrustables venture, there's three areas where we see incremental costs. One is as we begin to bring the McCalla facility online that becomes an overhead carrying cost. The second component is as we advance the building of McCalla, there's a preproduction expenses that we've also have in our full year guidance. And then last is, we have turned on marketing and so there's incremental marketing. And a portion of the outlook for marketing, switching from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, is not only due to timing, but you're also seeing the step up associated of Uncrustables support for the business or the portfolio.
Tom Palmer: Okay. I just was hoping for any quantification, I guess, as we think about kind of the progression 3Q into 4Q, I understood maybe you guys aren't providing that?
Tucker Marshall: Tom, we are certainly happy to follow-up with you afterwards just to help you round out your model.
Tom Palmer: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Chris Carey from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
Chris Carey: Good morning. I just wanted to drill down on the Coffee segment specifically. Can you just give a context on how you see brand performance from here across Bustelo and Dunkin' and Folgers. And also, how you see volume mix versus pricing just given step up in competition, some pricing actions from some of your competitors. And so just any context on how we should be thinking about coffee evolution going forward on -- really on a ball mix versus pricing, any comments on the brands?
Mark Smucker: Sure, Chris. It's Mark. I'd say overall, we feel very good. Obviously, growth, we view will continue to be driven by Bustelo, Dunkin' and then K-Cups broadly across all brands. Our K-Cup performance in the category -- in the quarter, rather, was very good. We outpaced the category. We gained just over 0.5 point of share in K-Cup, and that includes solid performance on Folgers. And then, of course, as we've launched liquid, some liquid executions and Dunkin'. Dunkin' in the shelf-stable coffee aisle has already sort of captured that #2 position in liquid coffee concentrate. And we're launching similar Bustelo executions in the same format that are coming here in the next -- by the end of the fiscal. And so we feel very good about our performance in Coffee. Folgers is a mature brand, but we are pleased with the performance there as we've continued to -- our share of voice. We are advertising on all of our brands. And so we have a very strong share of voice there. And so just feeling generally optimistic about the coffee category in total and recognizing that we need to continue to shift and start to own some of the liquid executions as we have, but that segment is going to continue to grow. K-Cups will continue to be a very important part of the segment. And our goal is to continue to move to where the consumer is headed as well.
Chris Carey: Okay. Thanks. And just want to follow-up on the marketing expense in Q4. Obviously, understanding the shift in Q3 to Q4. Can you just perhaps give a little context around what areas of the portfolio will see the marketing step up in Q4? And just in general, where you see the most potential to invest behind the portfolio from a marketing standpoint in kind of more of a medium term perspective, understanding the comments that you made on Hostess last week. Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Yes. It's -- Chris, it's Mark, again. It's pretty much across the board in marketing. I wouldn't say it really -- it doesn't skew to one business or another. I think you can generally apply it, it spreads pretty evenly. I guess I would just remind the group as well that we are committed to continuing supporting our brands through marketing. We -- over time and depending on obviously pricing and relative pricing, we still strive to be in that 6% to 7%-ish of net sales. Obviously, it varies a little bit by category. But marketing is really key to our model, and it's important to maintain a reasonable level of spend to support the brands over time.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Robert Moskow from TD Cowen. Your line is now live.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks for the question. Actually two. First, Mark, on Hostess. Those of us familiar with that company are used to seeing maybe like one big product innovation that kind of dominates the pipeline. And when I looked at some of the announcements for this calendar year anyway, it seems like more like a couple of little things. So I was hoping you could dive a little bit more into how you view the pipeline this year compared to past pipelines? And then secondly, for Tucker on free cash flow, The guide is down $30 million. You mentioned a couple of things impacting it, one of which was cash taxes, which is, I think, a $40 million increase. Can you go through the puts and takes as to -- it looks like from the puts and takes, you might actually be even lower than that 30% guide, given the cash taxes. So what was offsetting it? Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Sure, Rob, it's Mark. I'll start on innovation. I think reading between the lines of your question, one of the things that you might have been referencing is [indiscernible], right? Because that was a pretty large innovation and really pleased with the performance on [indiscernible]. It hits on a lot of different consumer insights, if you will, in terms of what -- why consumers enjoy that product. I would also just point out that Hostess has been very successful in their innovation of doing iterative innovation. I mean some of that -- sometimes that's seasonal, sometimes that's variations on flavors, fillings, those types of things. That will continue, that needs to continue. And as I talked about the complimentary capabilities that Hostess team has as well as our legacy team, we view without giving too much way that they’re continuing to be great opportunities for continued growth, innovation being a key driver of growth going forward. So we won't be unveiling anything just today, but wanted to just make sure that we are focused on it, the pace of innovation, the cycle times of innovation are still very important and protecting that and fueling it will continue to be a focus for us.
Tucker Marshall: Rob, with respect to your free cash flow question, you're correct, the outlook for the fiscal year is now $500 million. The change of $30 million is largely driven by the cash taxes, as you have noted, being partially offset by just a little bit stronger earnings and also a little bit more favorability coming across all working capital.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Maybe a follow-up, Mark, on Hostess. I think you fielded a question on Hostess' pricing. It is down in our tracking data. And then there's a couple of competitors that were also down, but then there's another competitor that's up a lot. Is -- can you give more like clarity on what Hostess' pricing strategy is for the last 6 months or so? And is it achieving its objectives?
Mark Smucker: Rob, just generally, I think that as we look at any of our categories, we want to make sure that we are being thoughtful and prudent about pricing and that we are recovering our costs. And generally speaking, not over recovering. So at the end of the day, we have to be responsible to the consumer, obviously, to our shareholders and making sure that we are doing the right things for the business, where we feel that from a pricing perspective, right now, we are in a good place, that the price is -- the pricing is set where it needs to be. And we will continue to compete effectively with the other brands in the marketplace.
Robert Moskow: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Matt Smith from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Matt Smith: Hi. Good morning. You've talked about investing more behind Hostess bringing that advertising and marketing closer to a high single-digit as a percent of sales. And you're starting that increase, it sounds like in the fourth quarter. Should we think about the path towards your target level as a multiyear step up? Or do you expect to exit next year closer to that targeted investment level?
Tucker Marshall: We do expect to step up over time, and so we may not be completed there in fiscal '25. It will be a journey.
Matt Smith: Thank you. And a quick follow-up on the Pet sales comment. You talked about growing in the fourth quarter, and I want to make sure, is that growth inclusive of the co-manufacturing sales? And I can leave it there. Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Correct. My comments around Pet growth were inclusive of the co-manufacturing volume.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Your line is now live.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask -- there's been a lot of discussion about the marketing step up. Can I ask where you're at on promotional activity? Are you anticipating certain parts of the business leaning into promotions more over the coming quarters? And if so, which parts of the business? And I'm wondering how the depth and breadth of promotional activity compares to pre-COVID at this point. Do you still have to get back to those levels? Or where are you in that transition?
Mark Smucker: Alexia, it's Mark. I think we don't -- we are not seeing anything abnormal in promotional spend. We are generally back to pre-pandemic promotional levels across our categories, the categories and competition, in our view, is behaving normally and rationally. So we don't see anything out of the ordinary from a promotional standpoint.
Alexia Howard: Okay, great. And then just touching on the state of the U.S. consumer, I think at the CAGNY conference last week, there were a number of companies that said things seem to be improving. U.S. consumer confidence seems to be in a reasonably good place. Are you seeing any sort of glimmers of light in terms of emerging from a rather challenging last calendar year as we move into 2024?
Mark Smucker: I would -- a couple of comments. I think the first is our categories have continued to perform very well in this environment. I mean you have this notion that within our categories, we play across the value spectrum. So we offer products that are -- the consumer views as more value, whether it's Folgers or traditional Milk-Bone, dog biscuits are obviously more affordable. We've also seen some of our premium offerings continue to perform well. So I think the breadth of our offering has served us well. We have a relatively low incidence of private-label competition, relatively lower than other categories in our what you have in our portfolio. So that's been helpful. Even when you -- in areas where you have seen some consumers shifting a bit, what I would might highlight is natural meat and pet. So you see our Pepperoni brand, maybe a little bit softer than it has in the past. That's indicative of the entire sort of Soft and Chewy pet snack category. So that's not just us, but I think it's across competition as well. That said, brands like Milk-Bone that have -- that play across that value spectrum have actually been able to pick up the slack of where we have seen some maybe temporary softness in some of those other brands.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
Steve Powers: Hey, thanks. Hi, Mark. Hi, Tucker.
Tucker Marshall: Good morning.
Steve Powers: Tucker -- good morning. So Tucker, I don't want to beat a dead horse, but I do want to go back to the stranded overhead, the conversation you were having earlier, and just play it back to you. I think a lot of the confusion on this point comes from -- I think it was Slide 9 in your CAGNY deck when you gave a number of fiscal '25 considerations. The way that slide reads is that is it's a year-over-year impact, right? So all of the considerations on those slides are pluses and minuses relative to -- it seems to '24. Stranded overhead is a negative. And it's confusing because as you said earlier, contract manufacturing and stranded overheads are independent considerations. And while there should be stranded overhead carryover from '24 before it's fully rationalized in '26 and beyond, I guess I'm struggling from what you said earlier to see how it is worse than '25 than in '24. So maybe you can just kind of -- maybe I'm misinterpreting either the slide or your comments earlier, but just talk through how to think about stranded overhead specifically, if you could. Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. Absolutely, Steve. And we certainly appreciate that the Group is looking for clarity on this. We are doing our best without providing an estimate for FY '25. But going back to this fiscal year, we have a net $0.60 impact to earnings per share as a result of stranded overhead. That net impact is total stranded overhead costs less by TSA income and reimbursement for services. So we will end our transition services agreement about midway through the fiscal year. So therefore, we will not be collecting the income associated with those services. Secondly is, we receive reimbursement for utilization of Smucker infrastructure, such as our distribution environment. And as a result of that, when ultimately post exits our distribution facilities, we won't be receiving reimbursement. So the company through our transformation office has begun to address stranded overhead this fiscal year for the benefit of next fiscal year, but there are certain activities that we can't address until the TSA is completed, until they exit our distribution facilities, and we can rationalize some of that network. Steve, I hope that helps provide context just around the framework and the mechanics certainly appreciate you're not the only one asking. So hopefully, that additional color is helpful to you and others.
Steve Powers: Yes, it does. So I think that -- so let me just -- so it sounds like the plug is that when you talked earlier about contract manufacturing, being essentially a zero margin activity. You weren't including in that all of the other income considerations that you just spelled out. Fair?
Tucker Marshall: Contract manufacturing, considerations are independent of stranded overhead considerations, whether they be qualitative or quantitative.
Steve Powers: Understood. Very clear. Thank you so much.
Tucker Marshall: Absolutely. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Pamela Kaufman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Pamela Kaufman: Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Pamela Kaufman: I'm sorry to ask this again, but just to clarify, Steve's question on stranded overhead. Do you expect the magnitude of stranded over cost -- stranded overhead costs to moderate next year relative to the $0.60 impact this year? So that effectively creates a tailwind to year-over-year earnings growth.
Mark Smucker: Pam, I would love to tell you the number or the direction for next fiscal year, but that would be inappropriate until we finish our planning process. So unfortunately, we'll have to do that on the fourth quarter earnings call. I'm sorry.
Pamela Kaufman: Understood. And then separately, will there be any wingering impact from the Uncrustables start up costs that impact 2025. And then can you just give an update on the progress that the transformation office has made? What have they been focused on? And what cost savings opportunities have they identified?
Tucker Marshall: As we ramp up Uncrustables production in McCalla, we will continue to see an impact associated with carrying overhead and a level of preproduction expenses we are still refining what that estimate will be. But the great thing about McCalla is it will be producing saleable sandwiches for the benefit of fiscal year '25. As you think about our transformation office, we continue to be very pleased with our initial year where we've stood up the office where we've created almost 10 active work streams and support of cost and productivity savings in support of realizing synergies associated with the Hostess acquisition and also in support of addressing stranded overhead associated with the divested pet food brands. And the exciting thing is it's not only contributing dollars for reinvestment back into the business, but it's supporting our earnings and earnings growth and delivery, but it's also enabling new ways of working for our employees and cross-functional teams to really deliver great benefits to our company and organization.
Pamela Kaufman: Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Rob Dickerson from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. I don't mean to -- I'm just kidding. I just want to ask you a kind of broader question on Coffee. I guess, Mark, when we think historically the coffee business is always very strong. It's been a consistent performer, operating margin kind of most of the time, let's say, the majority of the time historically was coming in a little bit north of 30%. Totally understand at that point in time, input costs were a bit lower. But now I look at the business and think, okay, well, I mean Cafe Bustelo is clearly doing extremely well. Dunkin' is still strong with new innovation platform. Folgers still take volume share to the largest brand. So it seems as if the business itself is in a good position, I mean, even on a relative basis across the category, you're investing a little bit in price, but still pass-through category. I'm just trying to right-size kind of like how you're thinking about that margin profile, but just even say broadly speaking over the next couple of years, vis-à-vis kind of volume and price, right? Because volume is strong and pricing comes through usually kind of in a pass-through business, I would think there would be some fixed cost leverage that would allow you to start to recover kind of back to that 30%-plus profile, or just not there yet. So just curious as to how you're thinking about that. Thanks.
Tucker Marshall: So Rob, as we think about the Coffee momentum through the year, the business continues to perform across the portfolio, and we're very pleased with the brands and with the formats. To your point, we've seen Coffee margins improve. As we have gone through the fiscal year, particularly as we have lapped larger cost baskets and gotten into more normalized cost baskets. And so we continue to see the strength of the portfolio. I think we are focused on sort of the high 20s, as we've said in previous earnings calls in support of having healthy margins in the portfolio, but also in support of reinvesting in the business for the health and strength of our brands. And also as we think about our desired growth in liquid coffee. And then furthermore, as we continue to think about the trajectory of coffee, we always assess the volatility in the green coffee market. And we also ensure that we are passing through pricing when appropriate and prudent, both on the upside and the downside of inflation or deflation. And then lastly is, the Coffee margin profile will continue to be strong in the fourth quarter. But then as we think about our first quarter of any fiscal year, it tends to be our sort of softer margin quarter of the full fiscal year.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Fair enough. And then if I could just ask a fairly simple kind of dumb down question. In the Frozen Handheld and Spreads segment, you've clearly outlined kind of the revenue [indiscernible] per year over the next -- I mean, this year and then over the next 2 years. So for modeling purposes, right, it's easy enough to say, okay, well, let's take what they finish this year in the segment and add $100 million, right? That's Uncrustables, it seems like you have decent visibility on that. Are there any other puts and takes in that segment that could potentially get that segment, let's say, higher than that incremental $100 million that you've already defined on Uncrustables and partially speaking to the innovation coming from Jeff and then I don't know if they're offsets on spreads. That’s all. Thanks a lot.
Tucker Marshall: Rob, we continue to be very excited about the trajectory of the Uncrustables venture brand and/or portfolio. We are still on track to the $1 billion ambition by the end of FY '26, you have noted. We said directionally, on average, that might be about $100 million per year. I think right now, that's where our focus is to ensure that we get to that ambition as we continue to build out traditional distribution channels and territories, along with new distribution channels as well. And so I think that, that's probably the framework that I would use as you think about modeling the glide path of Uncrustables over the next several years.
Rob Dickerson: All right. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Max Gumport from BNP Paribas. Your line is now live.
Max Gumport: Hi. Thanks for the question. First one is on Coffee. So on volume mix, it looked like it came in a bit better than we might have expected based on tracked channel trends during the quarter. I was hoping you could unpack the mix impact versus volume, and then also what you were seeing in tracked channels versus non-tracked channels? And how are those factors [indiscernible] your view on the fourth quarter? Thanks.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. So as we think about the third quarter performance on Coffee, we saw nice momentum from a volume mix standpoint. Obviously, we had the deflationary impact as a result of taking pricing, continue to be very pleased with the momentum on Cafe Bustelo and Dunkin' along with our K-Cup portfolio. They all performed well in the quarter. Folgers also had a very strong quarter as well, but it was a little softer from a volume mix standpoint as we were lapping a key retailer activity in the prior quarter. And we continue to be very pleased with how we are considering the momentum into our fourth quarter as well.
Max Gumport: Thanks. And then on circling back to a slide you put up at CAGNY last week. So you laid out two tailwinds and three headwinds for your top line. Three of those are more -- are not related to organic, two of them are, so continued brand momentum and inflationary pressures impacting consumers. Realize you're not giving guidance yet for FY '25, but as we think about those two factors, is there any reason to think one outweighs the other? I'm really just trying to get a sense for how that continued brand momentum could or could not be offsetting the inflationary pressures impacting consumers? Thanks. I will leave it there.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. Max, we have really strengthened the portfolio over the last several years with investments across our key brands, along with reshaping the portfolio. And so we feel very confident in the ongoing growth of the Uncrustables, Frozen Handheld, demonstrating category leadership and spreads, continuing to demonstrate at-home coffee leadership with the continued growth of the Cafe Bustelo, Dunkin' and K-Cup portfolios. And then thinking about our pet momentum, as we think about Milk-Bone and also Meow Mix and then also the contribution from the Hostess acquisition, but to your point, back on the core portfolio. As it relates to just the impact of inflationary pressures associated with the consumers' purchasing behavior, we continue to monitor and assess and understand what that means to our core portfolio. But what we have seen over the last several quarters is continued growth across the portfolio and demonstrating volume growth. And our expectation is that we continue to demonstrate momentum.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
Mark Smucker: Thank you. Appreciate everyone joining the call this morning. It was actually great to see you all at CAGNY last week. And obviously, there, we were able to share our strategy more holistically and why we are so confident about the journey we've been on and the future of this business. Obviously, we hope you recognize the strong momentum in the third quarter, another great quarter for us and none of that would have been possible that are awesome employees. So I just want to take a moment to acknowledge our great employees, again, welcome the Hostess folks and the brands to our portfolio and just remain optimistic for the future and hope you all have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2024 Q2  (2023-12-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company’s Fiscal 2024 Second Quarter Earnings question-and-answer session. This conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the conference call over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning and thank you for joining our fiscal 2024 second quarter earnings question-and-answer session. I hope everyone had a chance to review our results as detailed in this morning's press release and management's prepared remarks which are available on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. We will also post an audio replay of this call at the conclusion of this morning's Q&A session. During today's call, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we use non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements and details on our non-GAAP measures in this morning's press release. Participating on this call are Mark Smucker, Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tucker Marshall, Chief Financial Officer. We will now open up the call for questions. Operator, please queue up for question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Andrew Lazar from Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: I guess first off, part of, I think, the company's initial 8.5% to 9.5% comparable sales growth target for fiscal '24 I think it was inclusive of what we'd consider sort of true underlying organic growth of 4% with 3 points of volume growth. Pricing came in a bit higher than we thought this quarter and volume perhaps a bit lower. So curious if the 4% is still sort of your expectation and if the contribution from Vim is still the same around 3 points of that.
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, so underpinning our comparable net sales growth of 8.5% to 9% after isolating the co-manufacturing volume and the Jif peanut butter product recall, we are still anticipating 4 points of top line growth. And within that 4 points is 3 points of volume mix and 1 point of price.
Andrew Lazar: Right. And then I think you said you're expecting host of sales this fiscal year of about $650 million. Obviously, if one just annualizes that, it's $1.3 billion and we know that's below the $1.5 billion that you initially talked about. But my sense is there are a number of puts and takes to consider and that it's kind of an oversimplification just to annualize the $650 million. So I was hoping you could go into that a little bit and give us a sense of what the puts and takes are. So we have a sense of what you see as the sort of the true, let's call it, annualized sales outlook for this business right now.
Tucker Marshall: So Andrew, the $650 million reflects calendarizing the Hostess performance on the Smucker fiscal year. The second component is it reflects the time of ownership since the transaction closing. And so there is 1 week of lost sales in the 6-month period. We approximate that to be about $25 million. And then also, we are assuming the business in a bit of a seasonality or a period of low across October, November, December and January, as you think about the holiday season, the holiday bank. And then also as you think about New Year's resolutions, so I think you would want to account for that in your annualization. And then lastly, there's a few transitory dynamics that the company is working through. One, it just relates to competition and competition's return to supply on shelf. And two is some dynamics with the customer around getting product from the back of store on to shelf. And so those will restore here in the coming months and will also support the annualization. But as we've noted in our prepared remarks, we are committed to the top line growth of 4% for this portfolio and we do see growth in fiscal '25 and accretion from the bottom line standpoint as well.
Operator: Next question is coming from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Just to follow up on the comment that was just made about competition. Just so I understand a little bit more clearly that competitor, I assume we're talking about McKee; they've been back on shelf for over a year now. Their supply chain issues we're lapping the recovery there. So I'm just curious a little bit why this would be new or something that would be cited as sort of a, I guess, a nonrecurring headwind and also it doesn't really go away, I assume, it's going -- something that's going to be there for a while. So I just kind of wanted to make sure I understood that comment a little bit.
Mark Smucker: Ken, it's Mark. So in your question, I think one thing where you're right is we are lapping some of that and we were aware of some of those issues as we obviously took on the business. So we don't have a ton of concern there we're -- ultimately, we're extremely excited about this business. We think that it is a perfect fit at a very good time for our company as we have completely reshaped our portfolio, gotten exceptionally focused on the brands and the categories that really matter and are going to drive growth, along with the capabilities that we have been building. So it is a little bit of timing. And if you think about the Hostess business and what it brings to the table, again, a leading brand in a growing category, we've got some very strong capabilities that we have built. They've got some great capabilities in innovation in C-store. And so we just are very optimistic about the combination of these businesses, the complementary nature of the capabilities and our ability to continue to grow the business and the expectation that it will be accretive in our next fiscal year.
Ken Goldman: Okay. And then can you walk us through a little bit of sort of how you see the cadence of gross margin for the rest of the year? Obviously, we can kind of back into the implied rough number but you had your, I think, in 6 years on an adjusted basis, you talked about pricing, lower coffee cost and volume mix that helped. But your guidance implies that it will be a little bit lower in the back half which also, I think, suggests that maybe some of what helped 2Q was somewhat nonrecurring. So just curious, is that the right way to think about it? And if so which of those benefits to 2Q might fade a little bit or I am thinking about that the wrong way?
Tucker Marshall: So our guidance for the full year is 37.5% gross margin. And what we saw was a very strong second quarter where we came in about 38.7%. As we think about the third and the fourth quarter, the third quarter will be a bit softer than where we landed in the second quarter and then it will be a bit stronger in our fourth quarter in order to get you to our current outlook for gross profit for the full year.
Operator: Next question is coming from Robert Moskow from TD Cowen.
Robert Moskow: I wanted to know about the profit contribution that you've forecasted for Hostess for the rest of the fiscal year, $120 million. Is that -- it does look lower than what consensus estimates were for Hostess prior to the deal. And I want to know, given that you've lowered the sales, have you also had to lower the profit expectation. And does that include any kind of plans for reinvestment or just doing something to kind of get the sales growth reaccelerating so you head into fiscal '25 in good shape?
Tucker Marshall: So Rob, the outlook for segment profit for the Sweet Bank Snacks is approximately $150 million of segment profit contribution or about $1.11 from an EPS standpoint. Yes, we did soften that based on top line but we expect that to restore as we move forward beyond this fiscal year. There are a few opening balance sheet items incorporated in there that offer about $0.05 impact to segment profit. And we continue to support the Hostess organization with reinvestment in the business in order to support the brand growth and development.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Is there anything, in particular, that the team came prepared for the next 6 months to accelerate the performance. Like you've gotten to see their business plans now. One in particular, are they doing to improve the execution with that one customer and then maybe introduce new products to accelerate sales.
Mark Smucker: Rob, it's Mark. First of all, where there was maybe a bit of a hiccup on the customer side, the teams have largely worked through that. And so as we approach our next fiscal, we would expect that issue to abate and are very confident there. As I mentioned in my earlier comments, where we continue to be very excited about the business is just from a macro standpoint, the consumer continues to snack, right? And there are -- consumers are eating at more times a day, often one of those snacks is a sweet snack. So that supports, obviously, the Hostess business but it also supports things even like Uncrustables and coffee, where folks may choose a sweet coffee beverage at some point in the afternoon. So we're very confident in the consumer environment around snacking but specifically to Hostess where they have a lot of great capabilities is their cadence of innovation. They have the ability to be very agile in terms of the way they approach different times of the year, sometimes seasonal, their abilities around net revenue optimization and the way they merchandise products. So those capabilities are in part what drove us to have Dan as a leader over both Hostess and pet because there are some -- those are things that are similar to our pet snacks business, the merchandising, the NRO and the innovation cycles. So we feel very confident in those capabilities. And we also like, of course, their expertise in C-store which over time, will benefit the broader Smucker portfolio. So just a great complementary fit at a time when our base business is performing exceptionally well. And so just, again, feeling very confident about the way this deal has come together.
Operator: Next question today is coming from Peter Galbo from Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Tucker, in the detail you gave around kind of the twin impact for the rest of the year. The one thing I didn't notice was just did you clarify what you thought purchase accounting was going to be to kind of the gross margin, maybe at least in the third quarter. I don't know if that carries forward but anything you can do to help us there?
Tucker Marshall: So within the $0.40 impact associated with the acquisition, $0.05 of it is associated with opening balance sheet items which predominantly is the step-up in inventory. So that should give you a sense of the impact from a gross margin standpoint.
Peter Galbo: Okay. Got it. And then maybe more just a bigger picture question. I think if you kind of back out the impact of the supplier termination in coffee. Your margins in the quarter would have been north of 30% for that business. And just curious, with the lower coffee cost flowing through, just any direction you can give us on how you're thinking about coffee segment margins kind of on the go forward here for the rest of the year?
Tucker Marshall: So Peter, you are correct. In our second quarter, the segment profit margin would have been closer to 30% without the $39 million termination of a supplier agreement. As you think about the balance of the year, we will continue to see a little bit softer third quarter gross margin just as we lap some of the green coffee costs year-over-year. And then we will see a stronger fourth quarter to finish the fiscal year.
Operator: Next question today is coming from Matt Smith from Stifel.
Matt Smith: Wanted to ask a question about the updated guidance range. At the midpoint, it's down about $0.20 but that includes the $0.40 in initial dilution from the Hostess acquisition. So can you talk about the drivers of the outperformance on the base business. I know there was some timing differences in SG&A between the first quarter and second quarter. Are you now at a point where SG&A, your level of investment should be fairly consistent with your prior expectations in the second half of the year?
Tucker Marshall: Yes. So as we came into our second quarter, the midpoint of our guidance range was $9.65 and we had approximately a $0.10 over delivery in our second quarter which was largely a result of improved gross profit margins along with some other SG&A favorability and we've locked that $0.10 into the guidance range. In the back half, we also see an additional $0.10, again, largely driven by the improvement in our outlook for gross profit margin that enabled us to capture another $0.10. So absent the impact of the dilution associated with the Hostess acquisition, the midpoint of the guidance range is $9.85 which demonstrates 10 points of growth.
Matt Smith: And if I could ask a follow-up as it relates to the coffee business. You've been making investments in liquid coffee, do you have a time line when we could start to see that benefit? And is that a top line benefit? Or is that more of a margin capture with you currently using outside manufacturers for some of your liquid coffee products?
Mark Smucker: Matt, it's Mark. It's predominantly a sales component. And keep in mind, this is something that we're going to be working on over time and time, I mean, over a year-plus time period. And so we have begun that journey. We have a venture team that is very engaged in the liquid coffee space, both with some of our smaller Bustelo, single-serve options but more recently with some multiserve, shelf-stable Dunkin' cold brew items that you can find in the normal coffee aisle. So we're at the early days of our liquid coffee journey, acknowledge that it is an important journey and that we will continue to expand our offerings in liquid which include in the -- later in the fiscal year, some offerings in the Bustelo. So it is going to be modest contribution in the near to medium term but we are committed to that journey and we'll continue to look to ways to expand our liquid coffee presence in the across the entire grocery space.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Congrats on the strong quarter. Sticking on coffee. What type of supply agreement did you terminate and why?
Mark Smucker: It was related to a packaging supplier, Jason.
Jason English: RTB [ph] or the innovation stuff.
Mark Smucker: No, nothing related to cureg [ph] which we have a fantastic relationship with cureg [ph] strictly around roast and ground packaging.
Jason English: Got it. Okay. And your coffee portfolios performed pretty well in the last couple of years. You've had good momentum. In that context, I'm surprised by the leadership transition. So can you talk about what's driving the choice to put new leadership on top of the business and what you expect the new leadership to do differently?
Mark Smucker: Yes, sure. As these types of things go -- first of all, I'm incredibly proud of this leadership team. I could not be more pleased with the work that they have done, really pleased that we've been able to maintain some strong leadership from Hostess, really looking forward to working with Dan and welcome many other leaders from the Hostess organization. Also I just want to recognize Joe's contributions to the coffee space have been fantastic. And so as we transition, Rob will be coming in and managing the coffee business. He's done a great job on our pet business. And so just looking forward to his contributions. I think he'll add some nice insights to the liquid space and looking forward to driving that there. And then the other thing I would just highlight is, oftentimes, we have had a few individuals leave the organization to move on to larger career opportunities. I think that really speaks to the caliber of our leaders and the fact that we've done a great job preparing them for what comes next.
Operator: Next question is coming from Rob Dickerson from Jefferies.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Maybe question for you, Tucker, just around the EPS accretion commentary for next year. I mean, clearly, the transaction is supposed to be accretive from time of announcement, I guess, for fiscal '25. But is that -- I'm just curious, when you talk to accretion in '25, is that accretion off of the '24 base at Hostess. So then if we were to have grown that, let's say, at the algorithm, it would have been higher than the base growth, the algorithm on top of that which is, I guess, accretive? Or are you just kind of speaking generally saying it will be adding some incremental positive earnings on top of now an adjusted base in '24. So not really sure what it means. I'm just trying to get any color I can say.
Tucker Marshall: Yes, Rob, the way that we're thinking about it is, if you isolated this fiscal year's impact of the Hostess acquisition which we've approximated to be $0.40 dilution and you looked at base Smucker, we would anticipate a level of EPS growth for base Smucker year-over-year. And then we would anticipate Hostess also contributing a level of accretion to the company as well. So hopefully, that gives you some context. And what gives us reason to believe in the Hostess accretion for next year is a full year of ownership as we see business growth and delivery as we begin to realize our synergy outlook. And as we think about the impact of paying down debt and therefore, reducing some interest expense.
Rob Dickerson: Right. Fair enough. All right. That's helpful. And then I think, Mark, you had -- there was a line in the prepared remarks around best-in-class marketing and then also potentially stepping up some investment across multiple platforms. As we think through Q3, Q4, just this year, should we be expecting kind of that uptick in, let's call it, SG&A more so than the promotional side as we get through the year? Or is there some potential for kind of this balance of increased SG&A on top of maybe some incremental promotional activity given the competitive backdrop?
Mark Smucker: Yes, Rob, thanks for the question. First of all, promotional activity, just one quick comment there is generally normal, right? It's sort of as expected, business as usual. And our categories are performing generally as we would expect from a promotional environment standpoint. On a marketing and advertising standpoint, we do expect our marketing spend to be up in the remaining 2 quarters of the year. And we have been very pleased with the performance of our marketing efforts. One notable one is that we just launched in the first time in over a decade, our Uncrustables advertising which actually launched during Monday Night Football a couple of weeks ago between the Eagles and the Chiefs. And so that has been a fantastic launch and we expect it to continue to drive awareness for Uncrustables which surprisingly not every consumer has heard about or tried Uncrustables. So we believe that's going to help continue to drive demand and household penetration. So just one quick example there that we're really excited about.
Operator: We've reached end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further closing comments.
Mark Smucker: I just want to thank you all for your time this morning. We had another fantastic quarter and just really pleased with the base business and the timing of us absorbing this new fantastic business which is Hostess. It's really been an exciting couple of months, a busy couple of months but none of it would be possible without the outstanding Smucker and Hostess employees and really just want to thank them for their continued hard work and dedication to their company and your company and looking forward to continuing to create great shareholder value for you, our investors. Have a great holiday season and thank you for listening.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-08-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company’s Fiscal 2024 First Quarter Earnings Conference Question-and-Answer Session. This conference call is being recorded and all participants are in listen-only mode. Please limit yourselves to two questions and require if you have additional questions. I’ll now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning. And thank you for joining our fiscal 2024 first quarter earnings question-and-answer session. I hope everyone had a chance to review our results as detailed in this morning’s press release and management’s prepared remarks, which are available on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. We will also post an audio replay of this call at the conclusion of this morning’s Q&A session. During today’s call, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we use non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements and details on our non-GAAP measures in this morning’s press release. Participating on this call are Mark Smucker, Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tucker Marshall, Chief Financial Officer. We will now open up the call for questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Andrew Lazar from Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: I guess to start off, Mark, on the last earnings call, I think you mentioned that if we strip out Jif contract manufacturing and divestiture impacts, Company expected about 4% organic sales growth, 3 points of which were expected to be volume on sort of a truly underlying basis for the full year. And I’m curious if this is broadly where you still see it today. And if so, maybe why the Company is not necessarily seeing the same sort of volume weakness the industry seems to be dealing with currently and as other sort of peer companies have discussed?
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, good morning, this is Tucker. You are correct. As you began to break down our 9% comparable growth guidance, that 4% does have 3 points of volume/mix growth, largely driven by Uncrustables coffee, Milk-Bone and Meow Mix and then the 1 point of pricing, as you have noted.
Mark Smucker: Yes. Andrew, it’s Mark. Thanks for the question. I think as you look at our categories, we are in the right categories, which are resilient ones. And as we continue to share our story, we’ve gotten way more focused. We participate in categories that are growing, and we participate across the breadth of those categories, all the while still investing in our brands. So, we actually had, as you saw, a very good quarter of both sales and volume growth, and we expect the momentum to continue as we continue to invest, as we continue to execute with excellence, and I could cite multiple areas. I mean just peanut butter as an example of an affordable protein, continuing to grow, getting Jif back into its number one share position. Milk-Bone as an example, where you’ve got products that span value to premium, really meeting the consumer where they need. And then last bit, of course, not least, Uncrustables continues to be a strong growth engine for the Company. So just very pleased with the results this quarter and our outlook for the future.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Thank you for that. And then just lastly, pet sales growth was a bit below what we’d modeled. I guess I’m curious, how did it compare to your expectations? And if sales were a bit slower, I guess, what’s driving the weakness? And was it contract manufacturing-related or something else? Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, we continue to see positive momentum in our pet portfolio. And any shortfall to expectations for the quarter would be attributable to the co-manufacturing agreement. And as we noted on our prepared remarks, we have revised our outlook for co-manufacturing for the full year to be $160 million, which is a $25 million decline than what we expected coming into the year. And that would have been the driver for the quarter.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And just the decline is -- what would drive the decline in the co-man sales?
Tucker Marshall: Yes. It would be what Post Holdings would need from their production standpoint as we support relocating products between manufacturing facility and supporting volumes. So, it would just be what their expectation is in their network.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Peter Galbo from Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Maybe we could just start, I think there’s a bit of confusion this morning just around your reported comparable sales growth number, Tucker or Mark, of the 21%. And then, I believe on slide 4 of the supplement, it shows closer to 16%. So, I just wanted to be able to bridge that for folks. And maybe, Tucker, if you could just help, I think in the press release, you actually have the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation at the 21%. So, if we can talk through those as well as just where that comes in relative to what your expectations were, I think, for the quarter of the plus 20% that you would put out last quarter. Thanks.
Tucker Marshall: Peter, good morning. We delivered our quarter in line with our expectations. And let me break this down for you. On a reported basis, we were down 4%. But as you isolate the impact of the pet food divestiture, on a comparable sales basis, we would be up 21%. Embedded in that 21% is 11 points of Jif growth or restoration primarily due to lapping the peanut butter recall. The second component would be the required co-manufacturing agreement or growth of 3 points. That leaves base business growth of 6.5 points for the quarter. And within that 6.5 points, we saw approximately 2.5 from a volume/mix standpoint and 4 points from net pricing.
Peter Galbo: Okay. And just on the 16%, sorry, that’s on slide 4, Tucker, just again between that versus the 21% that you printed, just trying to understand the delta.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. It’s the math associated with the divestiture impact on a reported basis year-over-year.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. That’s helpful. And then, Mark, I think in your prepared comments, you spoke a bit about a reacceleration or planned reacceleration in Uncrustables growth from the quarter. Can you just kind of speak through the cadence of some of that over the course of the year and maybe just what we might be seeing from a track standpoint versus untracked as you push into some other channels like Canada?
Mark Smucker: Yes, sure, Peter. It’s -- first of all, we’re really pleased with the Uncrustables growth. Keep in mind that we had -- we’re lapping a really strong Q1 last year as well as we had a very strong prior quarter, which happened as a result of us really getting completely off allocation. So the momentum on Uncrustables is actually really strong, and we expect growth to continue to be around that 20-ish percent for the full year. And what’s driving it is, of course, some expansion into new channels. I mean, Canada is so far very -- very relatively small but great customer acceptance there, some other expansion into Away From Home. But I think probably most notably is the fact that we have just a lot of runway on household penetration. If you look in my prepared remarks, just talking about peanut butter and jams and jellies being 3x the household penetration of Uncrustables. So there’s plenty of runway there. And we’re turning on advertising and other in-store activations. They are really, for the first time, going to start driving demand and pulling through the network. So, just very positive on Uncrustables still and expect to hit around $800 million for the year in sales.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Ken Goldman from JP Morgan.
Ken Goldman: Just following up on your commentary that for the second quarter, like-for-like sales should be up mid single digits and EPS up low single. Just as we think about modeling the quarter, are there any unusual tailwinds or headwinds to consider? I guess, how do we think about the specific cadence of your contract sales on pet in the quarter? Are there any lingering benefits from lapping the Jif recall that may bleed into 2Q? Just wanted to get a sense of anything we should think about just as we’re modeling as precisely as we can.
Tucker Marshall: As you think about the second quarter, just reinforcing mid-single-digit top line, and that’s squarely in mid-single-digits, low-single-digit bottom line. The first component that I would just acknowledge is, is that we did have a $0.16 over-delivery in the first quarter, which was largely SD&A-driven. So, the predominance of those expenses will begin to come back in the second quarter and then throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. And then, as you think through the balance of the portfolio, continued momentum of spreads with some Jif recovery coming into the second quarter, momentum on Uncrustables. The coffee category will continue to perform. And then in the pet segment, there’s -- the co-manufacturing sales, you probably could just make a little bit more equally across the second and third quarters with a slight slowdown in the fourth.
Ken Goldman: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you. And then just to follow up on your comment about SD&A. You previously guided, I think, to roughly even expense on that line item each quarter this year. Obviously, 1Q came in light. As we think about the next few quarters, should each of them be roughly the same? I guess, it’s around $355 million implied, or there -- might there be a little bit more lumpiness as they sometimes, so?
Tucker Marshall: Ken, I’m just verifying, but I think your assumption is fair around the $355 million over the next three quarters.
Ken Goldman: And should we just model that in evenly, barring any other information?
Tucker Marshall: Correct.
Operator: Next question is coming from Matt Smith from Stifel.
Matt Smith: I wanted to ask about the pricing and inflation dynamic in U.S. Consumer Foods. I believe you said that on an underlying basis, pricing continued to lag inflation. So, can you talk about the outlook there and when you expect that dynamic to inflect in your pricing to more than offset current inflation?
Mark Smucker: Yes. I think, Matt, we are seeing pricing offset current inflation in our consumer foods business. I think generally, across our entire business, pricing is relatively stable. We would consider ourselves still in an inflationary environment. We have had some -- we’ve sharpened our price points on coffee and passed some of that through to customers and consumers. And so, that will help coffee in our future quarters as well. But generally speaking, whether it’s consumer or the business in total, we have recovered inflation.
Matt Smith: Okay. And then, you mentioned coffee -- lower coffee prices passing on to the consumer. Are there other areas of the business maybe not directly commodity-related where you’re seeing competitors already lowering their pricing, not necessarily related to the underlying commodity, things getting a little more competitive perhaps?
Mark Smucker: There’s a -- a pretty short answer is generally no. We have not seen significant deflation across the industry.
Operator: Next question is coming from Pamela Kaufman from Morgan Stanley.
Pamela Kaufman: Just wanted to dig into the coffee outlook a bit more. Can you talk about your strategy for coffee pricing this year given the favorability in coffee costs and how to think about the outlook for promotions versus potential list price changes? And I guess, generally, what are your expectations for segment growth? And how should we think about pricing versus volumes for the balance of the year?
Mark Smucker: Pam, maybe I’ll start and maybe Tucker probably has a comment here. We did see some -- a little bit of relief in the commodity, and that’s what drove us to sharpen our price points in a few of our coffee brands. That has really took place in this month. So that will start to impact and help the business going forward. Just a reminder that as we manage price, we really try to be prudent. We do feel that it’s important to pass along both increases and decreases, but we do, do that with multiple levers. Sometimes, it’s list price, sometimes it’s trade or just getting a little bit more surgical on pricing, and that’s really what we’ve done here. And so, we do expect that to support the coffee business going forward. But beyond what I shared, we don’t -- we probably cannot speculate on any future movements at this time.
Pamela Kaufman: And then, just on the pet segment. Can you talk a bit about what you’re seeing in the consumer behavior in the pet category? We’ve heard from some of your competitors that consumers are exhibiting increasing demand elasticity and some trade-down in pet, particularly when it comes to treating. Obviously, Milk-Bone sales were still strong in the quarter. So just curious to hear what you’re seeing in the dynamics in the category.
Mark Smucker: Yes, sure. I mean what I can speak to is largely pet snacks, specifically dog snacks. We did have a strong quarter on Milk-Bone and did see some good growth there. Part of the reason that we continue to have good growth is, as I’ve said before, the brand plays in that entire range of value from premium to more value-oriented or mainstream products. We have seen a little bit of a shift to more of this -- the standard Milk-Bone biscuit, if you will. Our premium offerings continue to do well, but there may have been just a little bit of shift there. And then with -- as we’ve improved our supply chain on Meow Mix and gotten the original blend item back into sort of the number one volume position, that also would speak to the fact that our mainstream consumers are continuing to buy that product. So, we feel very good about where our total pet portfolio plays at this point.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Rob Dickerson from Jefferies.
Rob Dickerson: Tucker, just first question for you. In the prepared remarks, you talk about the derivative instruments for the Post shares that are being divested. And it sounds like that cash inflow comes in Q3. And it seems like kind of your leverage is now and then with your incremental cash coming in, you could potentially be at 2 times net or lower maybe by the end of the fiscal year. That, by far, is the lowest you’ve been in like almost 10 years, I think. So I’m just curious kind of how you’re thinking about potential incremental capital deployment. And I realize you buy back stock, increase the dividend. But once you’re hitting 2 times or less, seems like there could be incremental appetite, let’s say, for acquisitions. So just curious how you’re thinking about that. Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Rob, it’s Mark. Yes, we feel very good about our balance sheet right now. And obviously, this has been our intent all along. As you know, we have over the last couple of years been really focused in terms of refining our portfolio. But it does not mean that we’re not interested in acquisitions. We remain very interested. And as you know, the industry as a whole has been somewhat quiet on the M&A front, but it’s not for lack of investigating and looking, keeping lines in the water. And so, we hope that M&A will continue -- or acquisition specifically will continue to play an important part of our growth story over time.
Operator: Next question is coming from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Congrats on a strong start to the year.
Mark Smucker: Thank you.
Jason English: A couple of questions for you. So the SG&A favorability looks like it was really corporate expense-related. What drove it? And why shouldn’t we take that to the bank and assume it’s going to be lower for the remainder of the year?
Tucker Marshall: Jason, we saw some favorability within SD&A on the marketing line of some of our distribution and operations support lines and then also within our traditional corporate functions of administrative support. And really what we have made the decision to do is to continue to support our brands. So, we have some incremental marketing that we’re contemplating in the next three quarters. And also some of the expenses were timing-related. And so, those are coming back in the second quarter. So, we are not seeing SD&A favorability at this point in our fiscal year despite having seen it in our first quarter.
Jason English: So, I assume the timing was that corporate line because distribution is distribution. Marketing, that looks like it’s timing, right, because you’re holding the full year. Within corporate, what was the timing benefit this quarter? Because it was chunky. Your corporate was much lower than we expected.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. Just it had to do with various corporate items around accruals, incentives, timing of spend through various projects, so on and so forth.
Jason English: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you. And then, turning back to some of the segments. Looking at coffee, the price was weaker than we expected, and it sounds like it’s going to get even a little more -- and it sounds like it’s going to turn deflationary based on the comments you made around the investment just this month. A, is that right? B, do you expect the segment to still post organic growth if price is deflating? Given there’s really no volume growth in the industry, it actually looks like it’s contracting. And sorry, three-part question. In light of the price investment, should we view a return to low-30s EBIT margins as out of reach for this year?
Tucker Marshall: So Jason, maybe breaking this down, we -- on a year-over-year basis, coffee should be flat to slightly down just due to deflation in the underlying green coffee. We are expecting a level of volume momentum for the portfolio on a year-over-year basis. We do see gross profit margin improvement year-over-year, as you have noted. And from a segment profit standpoint, we are spending back some of that gross profit improvement in the form of marketing and investments in liquid coffee and sustainability. And so, we would expect the segment profit margin to sort of be in the high-20s.
Operator: Next question today is coming from Max Gumport from BNP Paribas.
Max Gumport: With regard to gross margin, you took up your full year guidance. It sounds like it was due to incremental cost favorability. I was wondering if you could give us any color on some of the drivers of that favorability you’re seeing and what the sources of the change were and how that might impact your assumptions around cadence for the next three quarters as well. Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Max, good morning. As you noted, we came into our fiscal year with a gross profit margin guidance of 36.5% to 37%. We have now guided to a 37% outlook for the balance of the year. So on average, we’ve come up about 25 basis points. What gave us conviction in doing that was just seeing some cost favorability within total cost of goods sold. In areas where you have a level of commodities, you have a level of transportation, you may have some in the manufacturing and distribution environment. But it’s not significant. It’s just some level of cost improvement. As we think about the outlook for the balance of the year, that gross profit margin will improve in each of the next three quarters in order to get you to the 37% outlook for the full year, and it will be pretty consistent over Q2, Q3 and Q4.
Max Gumport: Thanks. And turning back to the commentary on trade-down in pet. We’ve also been hearing some chatter about this dynamic and seeing it in the data as well. I’m curious what you think is driving this increased value-seeking behavior and how long you think it can persist. Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Matt, it’s Mark. I won’t speculate on how long. I do think as we have refined our portfolio to fit our strategy, obviously, pet snacks is really our crown jewel there. And I answered a little bit of that question earlier. Keep in mind that -- we all as pet owners feed our pets, obviously, pet food. Pet snacks are a little bit more discretionary. But nonetheless, keep in mind that consumers oftentimes treat their pets better than their children. And so, we do believe that the pet snacks and our -- particularly our dog snacks portfolio, will continue to perform as we continue to meet the needs of consumers wherever they may be at from value to premium. So, we really feel good about where our portfolio is positioned there.
Operator: Next question is coming from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Just a question on -- as it relates to free cash flow. Given that you’ve raised your outlook $0.25, which implies a decent -- I mean, if that is a cash EPS increase, I would expect a little bit of flow through, maybe $25 million or so, to free cash flow that we don’t seem to be seeing. So, maybe you can just talk about what’s driving that. Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Steve, we are seeing some incremental cash taxes as we had a strong finish to our last fiscal year as we continue to look through certain activities through this fiscal year. And that has really been the driver of the change of why we didn’t raise our free cash flow guidance.
Operator: Next question is coming from Robert Moskow from TD Cowen. Perhaps your phone is on mute, Robert.
Robert Moskow: Can you hear me better?
Mark Smucker: Yes, Rob, welcome back.
Robert Moskow: Yes. Slow start, for sure. In the prepared remarks, you said that Meow Mix continues -- the demand continues to exceed your capacity, and you’re beginning to replenish inventory. What’s the plan for improving your capacity for Meow Mix? You say in second quarter that you -- it looks like you’re going to grow above consumption in second quarter. What are you doing at the plants to stretch your capacity to make that happen?
Mark Smucker: Rob, it’s Mark. We’re already in process, of course, on those efforts. And it’s all around productivity and making sure that the plants themselves are operating at their highest capacity. There’s some nominal capital investments to make sure that the equipment is running as best it can. And so, it’s really -- it’s fundamentally around those types of things. And we do expect the improvement to continue through the second quarter and support the demand.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Any unusual impact in the back half of the year, will this be an easy comparison in the back half, or will it be kind of like normal ship-to-consumption?
Mark Smucker: It should be normal.
Operator: Thank you. We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
Mark Smucker: Thank you. Thank you all for your time today for joining the call. We are really pleased with the positive start to our fiscal year. And of course, as we always say, our results were really made possible by our outstanding employees. So, I’d like to just take a moment to thank them for their hard work and dedication to the Company. We hope that many of you will be able to join us in Boston at the Barclays conference next week. A live webcast of our presentation on September 5th at 12:45 can also be accessed from our Investor Relations website. So, I hope to see you all there in person or virtually. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-06-06 08:00:00) =====
Aaron Broholm: Good morning. This is Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations for The J.M. Smucker Company. Thank you for listening to our prepared remarks on our fiscal 2023 fourth quarter earnings. After this brief introduction, Mark Smucker, Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, will give an overview of the quarter’s results and an update on strategic initiatives. Tucker Marshall, Chief Financial Officer, will then provide a detailed analysis of the financial results and our fiscal 2024 outlook. Later this morning, we will hold a separate, live question-and-answer webcast. During today’s discussion, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Additionally, please note we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures management uses to evaluate performance internally. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements and details on our non-GAAP measures in this morning’s press release. Today’s press release, a supplementary slide deck summarizing the quarterly results, management’s prepared remarks, and the Q&A webcast can all be accessed on our Investor Relations website at jmsmucker.com. We invite all interested parties to join us at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time today for a live question-and-answer session with management to further discuss our fourth quarter results and outlook for the full 2024 fiscal year. Please contact me if you have additional questions after today’s question-and-answer session. I will now turn the discussion over to Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron, and good morning, everyone. Fiscal 2023 was a strong year for our Company amid a dynamic macro environment. Our performance exceeded our expectations and reflects progress against our strategy, improved execution capabilities, the resilience of our categories, and our consumers’ sustained demand for our portfolio of leading brands. We successfully navigated industry-wide challenges including inflation, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, and increased competitive activity. Our dedicated employees continued to manage through these circumstances with agility and relentless focus on delivering results. I’ll first summarize our fourth quarter results, and then provide some highlights on our full-year performance. I'll also share why we are confident in delivering strong sales and earnings growth in fiscal year 2024, while investing to strengthen our brands and expand key platforms that position us for long-term growth. Tucker will then provide additional detail on our fourth quarter results and fiscal year 2024 outlook. For the fourth quarter, we delivered results well ahead of our expectations as comparable net sales increased 11% with growth across all of our U.S. Retail segments and our International and Away From Home business. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share increased 18%, primarily driven by the net sales growth and improved profit margins, partially offset by increased SD&A expenses. In Pet Foods, our momentum continued with comparable net sales up 11% versus the prior year, driven by strong growth across all categories. Dog snacks growth was led by the Milk-Bone brand, which grew net sales 20%. This growth reflects the benefits of higher net pricing, to recover increased costs, and volume growth. The Milk-Bone brand continues to drive growth for our market-leading dog snacks business, and the category overall, through core offerings and premium positioned innovation. Milk-Bone continued to significantly outpace the category, growing over 1.5x the category rate, with consumer take-away up over 16% in the quarter. In cat food, momentum for the Meow Mix brand continued as net sales grew 7%. This reflects another strong quarter for the brand, with year-over-year net sales growth in 21 of the last 22 quarters. Demand continued to exceed our production capacity in the quarter. We are investing in infrastructure and labor to improve efficiencies and increase throughput for the long-term. We expect improvement in supply catching up to demand through the first half of the new fiscal year. And in dog food, momentum continued, as comparable net sales grew 13%. We completed the divestiture of certain pet food brands at the end of the quarter, and our pet business has shifted from approximately two- thirds pet food and one-third pet snacks, to approximately 60% pet snacks and 40% cat food. This shift will significantly improve our profit margin and product mix over time. This enables us to allocate more resources and increase investments in the fast-growing and high-margin dog snacks category. We expect to grow our dog snacks portfolio to $1 billion in annual net sales over the next several years. In Coffee, net sales grew 7%, with growth across all brands in our market-leading at-home coffee portfolio. This growth underscores the advantages of our broad product offerings across various formats and price points. In addition to the strong year-over-year results, we continued to drive sequential volume/mix improvement and margin recovery. Our coffee portfolio, which features three of the top eight brands in the category, grew dollar share more than any other branded manufacturer for the eighth consecutive quarter and continued to outpace the at- home coffee category. Café Bustelo net sales grew double-digits for the eighth consecutive quarter, and was the fastest growing brand in the mainstream, one cup, and instant categories, with consumer take away up 23% in the quarter. Café Bustelo also captured more share growth than any other brand during the quarter, in both dollars and volume. Folgers continued its momentum with net sales growth of 9% versus the prior year. Folgers grew the second most dollar share in the category in the quarter, with consumer takeaway growth of 8%. The brand has achieved dollar share growth for five consecutive quarters and continues to maintain over double the volume share of any other brand in the category. The Dunkin’ brand grew net sales as price gaps to competitors have continued to narrow and planned promotional investments in the fourth quarter improved volumes. The brand has now returned to volume share growth despite category dynamics and the overall premium segment declining in the quarter. Overall, at-home coffee remains strong, with at-home consumption representing 71% of all coffee drinking occasions. The at-home retail coffee market is positioned for continued growth, as macroeconomic conditions and changes in consumer habits all largely benefit at-home coffee. Our portfolio is well- positioned within the category and benefits significantly from these changes in consumer behavior, including our expansion into cold coffee and no-brew liquid coffee concentrates, multi-serve offerings, and ready-to- drink offerings. In our Consumer Foods business, net sales grew 14% driven by net sales gains for Smucker’s Uncrustables frozen sandwiches, Smucker’s fruit spreads, and Jif peanut butter. The Uncrustables brand continued to deliver exceptional growth, with net sales increasing 43%, driven by 30% volume/mix growth and higher net price realization. Total Company net sales for Uncrustables, including the Away From Home business, were $185 million this quarter, and for the full fiscal year, the brand grew 34%. Uncrustables is now the #1 brand in the frozen snacks and sandwiches category. In peanut butter, Jif returned to net sales growth. After being temporarily unavailable last year, the brand has returned to #1 in the category with 39 points of dollar share in the quarter. With increased marketing and other demand driving activities, we anticipate strong double-digit net sales growth in fiscal 2024. In addition to the strong performance for our U.S. Retail businesses, momentum continued in our Away From Home business as comparable net sales increased 25%, driven by higher net price realization and double- digit volume/mix growth. Growth was driven by coffee, Uncrustables sandwiches, and portion control spreads. With added production capacity to help meet demand, we are expanding availability of Uncrustables sandwiches in away from home channels beyond its current distribution predominantly in K-12 schools. Turning to the full-year, fiscal year 2023 net sales grew well above our long-term algorithm, with comparable net sales increasing 9%. Adjusted earnings per share was flat versus the prior year despite a high teen percentage increase in costs and an estimated $0.80 headwind related to the Jif peanut butter recall. Our results were significantly higher than our initial guidance for the full year, driven largely by better-than- expected elasticities, demonstrating the strength of our brands. These results continue to underscore the significant progress we’ve made against our strategic priorities, which we have updated slightly to reflect our focus on driving continued growth, including: superior execution; improving profitability and cost discipline; transforming our portfolio; advancing corporate responsibility, sustainability, and inclusion, diversity and equity; and, finally, nurturing and evolving our culture. We’ve enhanced our brand building model through superior execution, allowing us to demonstrate market share strength across our focused portfolio of leading brands. During the fourth quarter, brands that were growing or maintaining share, excluding the recently divested brands, accounted for 57% of our U.S. Retail sales. We experienced temporary dynamics in the quarter, including ongoing capacity constraints for our Meow Mix dry cat food and the Jif brand rebuilding share. With competitive price points, brand loyalty, and our relatively low exposure to private label, in comparison to the total store, we are confident our brands will continue to grow and maintain share. We continue to improve profitability and advance cost discipline through our Transformation Office. We have begun executing against prioritized initiatives that will begin delivering benefits in fiscal year 2024. To be clear, this is not just a cost savings program; it is a core competency to support our long-term profit growth targets and sustain improved profit margins. Additionally, the Transformation Office will help mitigate stranded overhead costs related to divestitures. Progress on optimizing our portfolio continued this past year, as we completed the divesture of certain pet food brands and exited the dog food category. This divestiture supports our strategy to focus investments and resources in the higher margin dog snacks and cat food segments, where we hold leading market share positions with our iconic Milk-Bone and Meow Mix brands. Our portfolio reshaping activities have streamlined our business, improved profit margins and product mix, and reallocated resources for growth opportunities in the pet, coffee, and snacking categories. This includes investments to increase capacity for Uncrustables at our McCalla, Alabama facility, and expand our liquid coffee presence and capabilities. Corporate responsibility, sustainability, and ID&E continue to be focal points for us, all while nurturing and evolving our culture. We firmly believe our culture and people are a competitive advantage. Cultivating a diverse and inclusive workforce ensures we are maximizing performance, and in-turn, delivering long-term shareholder value. We are dedicated to supporting these efforts and continue to make progress on our journey to advance inclusion, diversity, and equity at every level of the organization. These strategic priorities will continue to guide our business and position the Company to deliver increased shareholder value over the long-term. We delivered strong financial results this year, while increasing investments in our brands, strengthening our balance sheet by reducing debt, and delivering value for shareholders. We returned $800 million of capital to shareholders this year in the form of dividends and share repurchases. With a portfolio of leading brands and sustainable growth opportunities in the desirable categories of pet, coffee, and snacking, we will continue to build on the momentum of our business and remain confident in our long-term strategy. Looking ahead to fiscal year 2024, we anticipate continued top-line growth with comparable net sales up approximately 9% at the mid-point of our guidance range. This growth will be supported by the continued momentum of our brands and anticipated volume growth across all three of our U.S. Retail segments and our International and Away From Home business. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to increase approximately 5% at the mid-point of our guidance range, inclusive of an approximate 7% headwind related to the net impact of stranded overhead from the recent divestiture. This reflects top-line growth, improved profit margins, benefits from our Transformation Office and recent share repurchases, partially offset by stranded overhead and investments into the business. Our confidence is grounded in our ability to continue delivering results and drive growth through our key platforms including: uncrustables sandwiches; dog snacks and cat food; and, our coffee portfolio, including expansion into new formats. We will continue to deliver long-term growth while making a meaningful, positive impact in the world and on the lives of those who count on us. All of which is powered by our unique culture and dedicated employees, who I would like to thank for their outstanding contributions. I’ll now turn it over to Tucker to go over our quarterly financial results and fiscal year 2024 outlook in more detail.
Tucker Marshall: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I’ll begin by giving an overview of fourth quarter results, which finished above our expectations. Then I’ll provide additional details on our financial outlook for fiscal year 2024. Net sales increased 10%, including a 1% favorable impact of lapping customer returns related to the Jif peanut butter product recall. Excluding the impact of divestitures and foreign exchange, net sales increased 11%. The increase in comparable net sales was driven by an 11 percentage point increase in net price realization, primarily reflecting list price increases across the portfolio. Volume/mix was neutral compared to the prior year. Adjusted gross profit increased $117 million, or 18% compared to the prior year. The increase reflects a favorable net impact of higher net price realization and increased commodity and ingredient, packaging, and manufacturing costs. Favorable volume/mix also contributed to the gross profit increase and improved margins. Adjusted operating income increased $57 million, or 16%, reflecting the increased gross profit, partially offset by higher SD&A expenses. The increase in SD&A expenses was primarily driven by increased incentive compensation. Adjusted operating income also reflects the net benefit of one-time, unplanned, items in the quarter of approximately $20 million related to certain legal, tax, and insurance matters. Below operating income, net interest expense decreased $3 million, and the adjusted effective income tax rate was 23.8% , compared to 22.3% in the prior year. Factoring in all these considerations, along with share repurchases that resulted in weighted average shares outstanding of 105.9 million, fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share was $2.64, an increase of 18% from the prior year. Turning to our segment results, U.S. Retail Pet Foods net sales increased 9% versus the prior year. Net sales increased 11% excluding noncomparable sales in the prior year related to the divestiture of certain pet food brands. The net sales increase was led by growth across all segments, including dog snacks, dog food, and cat food. Higher net pricing actions across the portfolio contributed a 12 percentage point increase to net sales. A reduced contribution from volume/mix decreased net sales by 1 percentage point, primarily driven by cat food, as we continued to experience capacity constraints, partially offset by dog food and dog snacks. U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment profit increased 21%, primarily reflecting favorable volume/mix, a favorable net impact of higher net price realization and increased commodity and ingredient, packaging, and manufacturing costs, and a one-time, unplanned, benefit associated with a legal matter from a prior acquisition, partially offset by increased marketing investments. Turning to the U.S. Retail Coffee segment, net sales increased 7% versus the prior year. Higher net price realization increased net sales by 10 percentage points, primarily reflecting list price increases across the portfolio to recover higher commodity costs. A reduced contribution from volume/mix decreased net sales by 3 percentage points, primarily driven by roast and ground coffee. Net sales growth occurred across all brands in the portfolio, led by Folgers growth of 9%, Café Bustelo growth of 19%, and Dunkin’ growth of 1%. Our K-Cup portfolio continued its momentum, as net sales grew 7% versus the prior year. U.S. Retail Coffee segment profit increased 22%, primarily reflecting lower marketing spend, as we lapped the Folgers relaunch campaign in the fourth quarter of the prior year, and a favorable net impact of higher net price realization and increased commodity costs. In U.S. Retail Consumer Foods, net sales increased 14 percentage points versus the prior year, including a 5% favorable impact of lapping customer returns related to the Jif peanut butter product recall. Higher net price realization increased net sales by 12 percentage points, primarily reflecting list price increases across the portfolio and lapping the unfavorable impact of customer returns in the prior year related to the Jif peanut butter product recall. Volume/mix increased net sales by 2 percentage points, primarily driven by Smucker's Uncrustables frozen sandwiches, partially offset by a decrease for Jif peanut butter. U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segment profit increased 9%, primarily reflecting favorable volume/mix, partially offset by increased marketing investments. Segment profit also reflects lapping the prior year unfavorable impact of unsaleable inventory, customer returns and customer refunds, mostly offset by an insurance recovery related to the Jif peanut butter product recall. Excluding items related to the recall, the net impact of higher net pricing and increased commodity and ingredient, manufacturing, and packaging costs was slightly unfavorable. Lastly, in International and Away From Home, net sales increased 12%. Excluding unfavorable foreign currency exchange and noncomparable net sales in the prior year related to the divested pet food brands, net sales increased 15%. Net price realization contributed a 13 percentage point increase to net sales for the combined businesses, primarily reflecting list price increases across the portfolio. Volume/mix increased net sales by 2 percentage points, primarily driven by coffee and frozen handheld products, partially offset by baking mixes and ingredients and fruit spreads. The Away From Home business net sales increased 25% on a comparable basis, driven by double-digit growth for coffee, Uncrustables sandwiches, and portion control. Net sales for the International operating segment increased 4% on a comparable basis. International and Away From Home segment profit increased 38%, primarily reflecting a favorable net impact of higher net price realization and increased commodity costs. Fourth quarter free cash flow was $299 million, compared to $221 million in the prior year, driven by an increase in cash provided by operating activities and a decrease in capital expenditures as compared to the prior year. On a full-year basis, free cash flow was $717 million, with capital expenditures of $471 million, representing approximately 5.5% of net sales. In fiscal 2023, we increased our quarterly dividend by 3%, marking 25 consecutive calendar years of dividend growth. And, we were added to the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats Index. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased approximately 2.4 million common shares, which settled for $360 million. Cash and cash equivalent balances were at $656 million, compared to the prior year end of $170 million. We finished the year with a gross debt balance of $4.3 billion, and paid down $186 million for the full year. Based on a trailing twelve-month adjusted EBITDA of approximately $1.6 billion, our leverage ratio stands at 2.7x. We anticipate maintaining a strong balance sheet with an investment grade debt rating. This enables a balanced capital deployment model, which includes strategic reinvestments in the business through capital expenditures and acquisitions, while returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Let me now provide additional color on our outlook for fiscal year 2024. Ongoing inflation, supply chain challenges and the overall macroeconomic environment continue to impact financial results and cause uncertainty and risk for the fiscal year 2024 outlook. Any manufacturing or supply chain disruption, as well as changes in consumer purchasing behavior, including the potential impact to volume due to pricing and broader macroeconomic conditions, could materially impact actual results. We continue to focus on managing the elements that we can control, including taking the necessary steps to minimize the impact of inflation and any potential business disruption. This outlook reflects performance expectations based on the Company’s current understanding of the overall environment. We expect comparable net sales to increase 8.5% to 9.5% compared to the prior year, demonstrating the continued momentum for our business and brands. This reflects increased volume/mix benefits across all three of our U.S. Retail segments and our International and Away From Home business. Net sales growth also reflects higher net pricing, primarily due to the carryover of pricing actions implemented in the prior year to recover increased costs across our portfolio. We anticipate full-year gross profit margin of 36.5% to 37.0%, which reflects a 355 basis point increase at the mid-point versus the prior year. This reflects higher net pricing from actions taken in the last fiscal year, cost and productivity savings, including benefits from our Transformation Office, and a mix benefit associated with the divestiture. SD&A expenses are projected to be favorable by approximately 5% at the mid-point of the guidance range, primarily reflecting reduced expenses associated with the divested business, partially offset by approximately $45 million of pre-production expenses related to the Uncrustables capacity expansion, increased marketing spend across the remaining business, and investments in liquid coffee. Total marketing expense is estimated to be 5.5% of net sales. We anticipate net interest expense of approximately $140 million and an adjusted effective income tax rate of 24.2% – along with a full-year weighted-average share count of 102.5 million. This weighted-average share count reflects repurchases of approximately 2.4 million shares completed during the month of March, and approximately 2.4 million shares completed during the month of May. Taking all these factors into consideration, we anticipate full-year adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $9.20 to $9.60. This reflects a mid-single digit percentage increase at the mid-point of the guidance range. There are factors impacting the comparability of our guidance versus the prior year, including the recovery of earnings related to the Jif peanut butter product recall in fiscal year 2023 and the net stranded overhead impact from the divested pet food brands in fiscal year 2024. We anticipate the net stranded overhead impact to be approximately $0.60, inclusive of income and reimbursements from transition services and co- manufacturing agreements. In the first quarter, comparable net sales and adjusted earnings per share are anticipated to increase approximately 20%, primarily due to lapping the impact of the Jif peanut butter recall and continued business momentum. We project free cash flow of approximately $650 million, with capital expenditures of $550 million for the year. The increase for capital expenditures primarily relates to capacity expansion for Smucker’s Uncrustables. Other key assumptions affecting cash flow include: depreciation expense of approximately $225 million, amortization expense of approximately $155 million, share-based compensation expense of $30 million, and other non-cash charges of $15 million. In closing, we continue to be encouraged by the momentum for our business and brands, and we remain confident in our strategy and ability to deliver on the commitments we outlined today. We are in a strong financial position to deliver sustainable and consistent long-term growth for our shareholders. And, I would like to express my appreciation for our employees. They have demonstrated their commitment to executing with excellence, and their passion for our Company positions us for continued success. Thank you.
End of Q&A:

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-02-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2023 Third Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. This conference call is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please limit yourself to two questions and re-queue if you have additional questions. I will now turn the conference call over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Aaron.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning, and thank you for joining our fiscal 2023 third quarter earnings question-and-answer session. I hope everyone had a chance to review our results as detailed in this morning's press release and management's prepared remarks, which are available on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. We will also post an audio replay of this call at the conclusion of this morning's Q&A session. During today's call, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we use non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements and details on our non-GAAP measures in this morning's press release. Participating on this call are Mark Smucker, Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tucker Marshall, Chief Financial Officer. We will now open up the call for questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: Certainly. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Peter, your line is now live.
Peter Galbo: Hey, Mark and Tucker. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Peter Galbo: I was wondering if we could just start maybe on the gross margin. The implied acceleration into the fourth quarter is pretty meaningful just to hit kind of the full-year number I think, north of 35.5% in 4Q. And just, one, I feel like that's maybe being driven by coffee. I just want to understand kind of what are the drivers of that in the fourth quarter. But then also just as we think about that exit rate into 2024, if there's any considerations there as using that as kind of a base as we get into next year.
Tucker Marshall: Peter, good morning. So as you know, in our prepared remarks this morning, we reaffirmed an approximate 33.5% gross profit margin for the full fiscal year. And we have seen sequential improvement in our gross profit margin, each of the consecutive or sequential quarters, with the fourth quarter being our strongest. And yes, you are correct, that is largely due to us getting into the coffee best margin of its four quarters in the fourth quarter. As it relates to next fiscal year, we have talked a little bit about what the puts and calls are as it relates to margin improvement. And I guess what I would just say is this. One is we'll continue to see the benefits of volume/mix going forward. We will see the benefit of lapping the Jif peanut butter product recall. We will also see a moderation of cost inflation as a benefit, along with stabilization and supply chain and manufacturing environments, along with benefits coming from our transformation office and then also, over time, the benefit of the divestiture after addressing stranded overhead.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Thanks Tucker for that. And then maybe just as a follow-up, Mark, I guess, in cat food, in particular, it seems like you would have grown more if not for some of the Meow Mix supply chain constraints, I think that maybe was new this quarter. It seems like maybe you're through the worst of that, but I was just hoping you could address the comments in the prepared remarks and just what you're seeing with Meow Mix on a go forward. Thanks very much.
Mark Smucker: Sure, Peter. Yes, as we've been pretty consistent over these past couple of years, we're talking about the supply chain, in general, our strong ability to manage through some of the disruptions and just acknowledging that there – the supply chain still is a bit fragile and it varies by quarter or month in terms of where some of that fragility might be. We have experienced some supply disruption in our Meow Mix business, which we are working through in the third quarter as well as the fourth quarter. But we do acknowledge as also temporary and that we will work through that, and we would have expected to continue with the double-digit run rate growth on Meow Mix. But again, just reiterating that it is temporary. And over the next several months, we should be able to work through that.
Tucker Marshall: And Peter, in support of what Mark shared, Meow Mix for the quarter was up 6%. As you said, we would have anticipated absent the manufacturing disruption to be up double digits. But I do want to acknowledge that the wet portion of the portfolio continues to perform quite well and grow. Really, the disruption right now is on the dry cat food side of the portfolio.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: I guess to start, your full-year gross margin outlook of 33.5% is still some, call it, 450 basis points below pre-pandemic levels. And some of this is clearly the mechanical impact of pricing on gross margin. But perhaps you could quantify maybe some of the key buckets as we think about sort of gross margin recovery moving forward.
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, good morning. While I won't quantify the buckets. What I do want is lay them out for you as we think about gross margin improvement. Not only have we seen that sequentially in each quarter this year, but also as we think about next fiscal year and onward, we see the benefits from volume/mix within the portfolio. We see the lapping of the Jif peanut butter product recall as a benefit. We also see some moderation in cost inflation and stabilization in both our supply chain and manufacturing environments, along with benefits coming out of our transformation office and then the benefit of the divestiture after addressing stranded overhead that will all help us continue to support the gross margin restoration.
Andrew Lazar: And then you guided to low double-digit year-over-year decrease in EPS for fiscal 3Q, and obviously, results came in better than that. With organic sales and gross margin roughly in line with Street forecast, it seems the bulk of the upside came from SG&A. What drove the favorability there, at least versus Street estimates, given it looks like marketing spend for the full-year is expected to be on track with your initial estimates? Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, our third quarter came in about $0.15 better to our expectations. And largely that was due to base business momentum some cost favorability and some timing of costs transferring from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. And as you can note in our raise of guidance at $0.10 at the midpoint, we, therefore, have shifted $0.05 into the fourth quarter.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi. Thank you. You posted a good free cash flow number in the third quarter. You talked about how fundamentals were – came in better than you expected. But you didn't adjust your outlook for free cash flow for the year. I was just curious if there's any read into that, if there's any particular reason why maybe that wasn't raised. And it does imply – but in the fourth quarter, it will be the lowest number for Smucker in any fourth quarter since 2013. So I'm just curious if there's any conservatism in there.
Tucker Marshall: Ken, we have a commitment to a $1 billion free cash flow target annually, and we are below that target this year, largely due to the Jif peanut butter product recall, but also due to the impact of increased capital expenditures associated with our Uncrustables facility. So we are maintaining our capital spend at $550 million in support of that core growth. And as you think about free cash flow, we haven't raised the estimate largely this year due to some additional cash tax payments that have come through this fiscal year in support of some restructuring that we've done along with the Jif peanut butter product recall.
Kenneth Goldman: Got it. And then just to build a little bit on the question about SG&A. It implies, if I'm doing the math correctly, that it will be a little bit over $400 million in the fourth quarter. It's only been that high one-time in the history of the company. So I just wanted to dig a little bit further into what is the – if there is something discrete headwind or investment that you're making in the fourth quarter in SG&A that will drive it up that high. Again, using just the rough math that you've provided.
Tucker Marshall: So Ken, directionally, you are correct for the fourth quarter implied and really the buckets that are within there are: one, continued support of marketing across the portfolio; two, is there are some administrative costs in there associated with wage inflation and filled positions; and then there's operating support in there, which is our continued investment on Uncrustables around preproduction expenses that are driving that year-over-year increase in SG&A. 
Kenneth Goldman: Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Christopher Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Christopher Growe: Hi. I just had a question for you. As we think about this sequential gross margin improvement, Tucker, is there a division or divisions that are helping support that? So coffee is one where you've had some cost inflation. Is there a pricing cost kind of imbalance that's taking hold that's going to support a stronger gross margin in the fourth quarter? If you call out a division or two?
Tucker Marshall: Chris, good morning. The sequential improvement in gross profit margin is really across the entirety of the portfolio as we continue to see a bit of stabilization and overall cost inflation as we begin to see the benefits of lapping price increases. And as we continue to operate under the general business momentum that is enabling the margin to improve each quarter and really, it's coming through most elements or all elements of the portfolio.
Christopher Growe: Okay. Thank you for that. And just one other question. There was a note you made in your prepared remarks about 54% of categories gaining market share. And that's a good number, but it's down a bit from where it was. And not to pick on that because it's still showing – you're still showing really good growth and market share performance for your big brands. But I guess I want to get a sense of how much is there capacity-driven limitations thinking about businesses like Meow Mix, where it's kind of limiting your ability to gain share in those categories. Just if you can give a sense of how much that's kind of limiting the categories gaining market share.
Mark Smucker: Yes, Chris. It's Mark. We're very pleased with our progress this quarter. I mean if you look at every business grew in coffee, every brand grew in pet, every brand essentially grew as well. And we saw good growth, of course, in Uncrustables with 38% growth. And then continuing to gain share on Jif. So we tend to target around two-thirds of maintaining and growing. And so we're really pleased with the performance – the number that you referenced is largely driven by some of the supply chain challenges in Meow Mix, and we do feel confident that over time, as we manage through that, we'll get back to where we expect to be.
Christopher Growe: Okay. Thank you very much for your time.
Mark Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is now live.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Just a few small ones. When you're thinking about fiscal 2024, Tucker, can we assume that all of your segments will have positive volume. I mean, I think Jif peanut butter is pretty obvious. But are you expecting positive volume in cat food, dog snacks or snacks in general and coffee. And then secondly, on free cash flow, is it possible that free cash flow is above normal in 2024 because of a working capital benefit as your coffee costs are falling. And then I have a quick follow-up.
Tucker Marshall: Rob, good morning. We're early innings of our planning process for next fiscal year. But as we outlined at CAGNY last week, we do expect some volume mix tailwinds in the portfolio through momentum across the Uncrustables portfolio or brand. And as we think about other elements of the portfolio within coffee and within pet, and we'll have the opportunity to share more of that on our fourth quarter earnings call here in June. And as we think about free cash flow, as you know, we have a $1 billion target or ambition. We may trend a bit low to that free cash flow target because we continue to have accelerated or elevated capital expenditures associated with our ongoing investment for capacity with the Uncrustables brand.
Robert Moskow: Got it. And maybe you've answered this before, but the $700 million in cash you'll get from the dog food divestiture, do you intend to spend all of that on share repo?
Tucker Marshall: We anticipate using the $700 million to replace the divested earnings per share.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Vague, but, we can follow-up. All right. Well, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
Steve Powers: Thanks and good morning.
Tucker Marshall: Good morning.
Steve Powers: Maybe just to go back to the 3Q versus 4Q. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think you had said last quarter that you expected the fourth quarter EPS to be up about 10% year-over-year. I think the guidance implies now kind of a range of 2 to 11. The $0.05 you called out that shifted from 3Q to 4Q equates to about 2% of that. So I'm just – can you put those numbers in context and because I'm struggling to understand the full drivers of the – what now wider range in 4Q acknowledging the $0.05 shift?
Tucker Marshall: Yes. I think one of the things that you have to consider is the supply chain disruption, primarily in the pet portfolio associated with the Meow Mix brand, so that might leave you a little bit short in your model from both the topline and bottom line standpoint.
Steve Powers: Okay. And the other question unrelated is just on the Dunkin' brands, where you cited greater elasticity in that premium segment. Maybe just a little bit more commentary around what you've seen so far and how you expect that to improve going forward because the commentary suggests you do expect it to improve, but just wanted to hear a little bit more on that?
Mark Smucker: Sure. I think just a macro comment, first of all, Steve, is that it validates our "full portfolio" strategy, participating in all the segments. Obviously, where there is a little bit of shifting, Folgers clearly benefited this quarter. So it validates the fact that we're playing in all of these segments broadly across the value spectrum of the category. So that's definitely a good thing. The other thing that's good is that although the growth is a bit more modest in the last two quarters, it's – the brand still grew. And so – which is great news. And I think we referenced last quarter just there was just some relative pricing, relative price points that we have work to correct. And so over the next couple of quarters, we would expect to see the growth on Dunkin' continue to accelerate.
Steve Powers: Okay, thank you. That's confirming. Appreciate it.
Mark Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Pamela Kaufman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Pamela Kaufman: Just a question – so I just have a question on marketing spend, which was up 10% in the quarter versus last year. Where have you stepped up marketing spend? And what are your plans going forward? Over time, are you still planning to come back to your targets for 6.5% to 7% of sales – or do you think that the current levels between 5% to 6% of sales are more appropriate?
Mark Smucker: Sure, Pam. It's Mark. So we have continued to invest broadly across our portfolio and supporting all of our brands. There was a step up a bit in the third quarter because we turned on new advertising on Nutrish, which has actually been supporting the brand and the growth of that brand. So that's been positive. And you may also recall that as we've talked about our marketing as a percent of sales, we've continued to invest in our brands, but because of inflation that percentage has fluctuated a bit this year. And over time, we would anticipate continuing to target, say, above a 6-ish percent of net sales on our marketing broadly across the entire portfolio.
Pamela Kaufman: Thanks. And then on pricing in the coffee segment, how are you thinking about it over the next several quarters given green coffee costs have moderated significantly? And when would you consider lowering coffee prices?
Mark Smucker: Yes. I guess I would just start by saying that coffee costs have not moderated significantly over the past couple of quarters. We did see a dip as you highlight in spot prices when we were experiencing some volatility. But as you know, we buy coffee and hedge our coffee position to make sure that we can achieve our financial plan. And so the coffee markets and particularly in the last several weeks have rebounded, and we've continued to see that there is some inflation and more elevated coffee costs. So as always, we will adjust our pricing whether that's list or using other levers to the extent that our physical position would dictate so. So I can't really give you any more than that, but we will be responsible and prudent and pass along price changes effectively over the coming quarters.
Pamela Kaufman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Cody Ross from UBS. Your line is now live.
Cody Ross: Hey. Good morning. Thank you for taking our question.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Cody Ross: A couple of questions here. First one on pet. Some of your key competitors announced pricing actions effective in February on their pet businesses. Do you plan to take another round of price this fiscal year as well? Or will you wait until the asset is sold to post? And then similarly, do you have any pricing plans in place for the remaining pet food business that you'll retain?
Mark Smucker: Cody, we actually have taken pricing for the benefit of our portfolio, and that is a forward-looking comment as well. So we have effectively already done our pricing activities in pet. And I'm sorry, the second part of your question, I think I missed it, could you repeat that?
Cody Ross: Yes. I was just asking if you have any pricing plans in place for the remaining of your pet food business or pet business that you'll retain? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark Smucker: Yes, I think I already answered that.
Cody Ross: Yes. And then just last question, just surrounding your capital allocation. As we look over the past decade, you've turned over a meaningful portion of the business, adding higher performing assets and shedding some non-core assets. What have you learned from acquisitions over the past decade that you believe will enhance your capital allocation going forward? And then similarly, is there anything you would have done differently? Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Yes, Cody, thanks for the question. Over a couple of decades plus, we've been a very acquisitive company, and that has really helped increase our stature in the industry and with our customers, and we're very proud of the trajectory that we're on. And we've also been very clear in the last several years about portfolio reshape. And although there's been some divestitures predominantly in the most recent years, that is all in service of executing our strategy. And consumer shift over time, which dictates that our portfolio needed to shift over time. And so the decisions that we've made of late really reinforce that our strategy is right, and we're focused on the right brands. And as we've talked about acquisitions, we still want acquisitions to play an important role in our growth story. But we will make sure that as we think about future acquisitions that we're very prudent and responsible and that we go for acquisitions that are going to enhance our existing portfolio or possibly provide a meaningful position in a new and growing category at a responsible price.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Rob Dickerson from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Robert Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. Might be two questions for Tucker, so sorry, Mark. Tucker, it just kind of looks like pre-pandemic – when I look at your SD&A line, normally, let's say, it used to be a little first half weighted. I'm assuming driven somewhat by seasonality. Obviously, last year, it was lower for obvious reasons. This year, you're ramping more in the back half to give, I would assume, back to kind of more steady state. I realize you're not giving guidance for next year. But as we think through that line over the next six quarters or so, let's say, is that kind of like a return to normal as we see in the back half of 2023 and then we think about 2024 that maybe it goes back to a bit more first half weighted? Or as we look at what you put up in Q3, maybe that's kind of like a decent proxy run rate to think about kind of in the steady state? Thanks.
Tucker Marshall: Rob. Good morning. I would envision that the SD&A expenses are a little bit more level throughout the fiscal year as you think about forward planning. Obviously, there's nuances to this fiscal year. But I think it's fair just for initial modeling assumptions to sort of level it out through the fiscal year as you've noted.
Robert Dickerson: All right. Perfect. Thanks. And then simple question. Ken asked about free cash flow, what could be implied for Q4 CapEx so far this year, though, through the three quarters would also imply kind of a material step-up in Q4 relative to what we even saw in Q3, which was a step-up from the first half. So I just want to make sure that, that implied step-up is right? And then maybe if you could just comment quickly on why there's such a step-up, like you're finishing certain projects kind of almost there. That should be done by the end of the fiscal year. And that's it. Thanks so much.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. We still see the outlook for capital spend at $550 million for the full fiscal year, and we will have a meaningful spend in the fourth quarter, and the predominance of that continues to be the support of the McCalla, Alabama facility for Uncrustables and its building.
Robert Dickerson: Super. Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Your line is now live.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Two quick questions. You talked about the share trends being somewhat disrupted this quarter by supply chain challenges. Do you expect those share trends are going to bounce back sharply next quarter? Or do we have to wait until we lap the Jif recall, just wondering around those trends on the market share side?
Mark Smucker: We would expect them to reverse over time, Alexia. I think as we've talked earlier in this particular Q&A session, we're managing through the dry cat supply chain, which is going to take a few months to manage through. And there was a comment in the prepared remarks about fruit spreads, and we think that's largely behind us.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you. And then just as a follow-up, just the peanut butter distribution trends. I know you've been working to rebuild that market share and distribution. Can we expect meaningful improvement over the next few months? Or I mean, I'm sure you've been working very hard to get it all back. But is this the kind of run rate that we're at, at the moment?
Mark Smucker: Yes. Alexia, thank you. We have been really pleased with the return of Jif to shelves. In fact, we've commented last week at CAGNY that all of the SKUs of Jif are back on shelf and our share is back north of 40% dollar share. So really pleased with the execution there. And we would continue to see improvement over the next quarter or so.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Mark Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Max Gumport from BNP Paribas.
Max Gumport: Hey. Thanks for the question. I realize you're divesting your dog food business, but I was intrigued by the comment about Nutrish benefiting from shifts in the category. Is that primarily in reference to the longer-term premiumization trend? Or are there other shifts in the category that you're referring to there? Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Max, it's Mark. We've been on a journey with Nutrish over the last 18 to 24 months in terms of making sure that, that brand is healthy. And it is now. We spent a lot of effort trying to optimize the portfolio, making sure the assortment is more narrow and productive, revitalizing some of the packaging and then most recently launching some new advertising as we were preparing that business for sale. And so really very pleased with the progress that we've made there and making sure that we leave that brand as well as the other dog food brands and 9Lives in good hands as those brands ultimately will transition to post.
Max Gumport: Great. Thanks very much. I'll leave it there.
Mark Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Kevin. I would like to just, first of all, say that it was great seeing many of you at CAGNY last week and really appreciate your time this morning and joining us here, really pleased with the quarter and the momentum that we have been able to consistently deliver over the past several – and all, of course, all of that is really a tribute to our outstanding employees. And so just always wanting to take a moment to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication to the company and I hope all of you have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2023 Q2  (2022-11-21 07:00:00) =====
Aaron Broholm: Good morning, this is Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations for The J. M. Smucker Company. Thank you for listening to our prepared remarks on our Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Earnings. After this brief introduction, Mark Smucker, Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, will give an overview of the quarter’s results and an update on strategic initiatives. Tucker Marshall, Chief Financial Officer, will then provide a detailed analysis of the financial results and our updated fiscal 2023 outlook.  Later this morning, we will hold a separate, live question-and-answer webcast. During today’s discussion, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties.  Additionally, please note we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures management uses to evaluate performance internally. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements and details on our non-GAAP measures in this morning’s  press release.  Today’s press release, a supplementary slide deck summarizing the quarterly results, management’s prepared remarks, and the Q&A webcast can all be accessed on our Investor Relations website at jmsmucker.com. We invite all interested parties to join us at 9:00 am Eastern Standard Time today for a live question-and-answer session with management to further discuss our second quarter results and outlook for the full 2023 fiscal year.  Please contact me if you have additional questions after today’s question-and-answer session. I will now turn the discussion over to Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron, and good morning, everyone. Following a solid start to the fiscal year, our momentum continued across all our businesses in the second quarter. Enabled by the extraordinary contributions of our people, we delivered strong results that exceeded  our expectations, reflecting the strength of our iconic brands, our focus on execution and the continued advancement of our strategic priorities.  In the second quarter, net sales increased 8% versus the prior year, with every business outperforming our expectations. Comparable net sales excluding divested businesses and foreign exchange, increased 11%. Elasticities remained modest across our portfolio, most notably for pet food and snacks, Uncrustables sandwiches, and fruit spreads.  Our strong top-line growth was led by our Pet and Coffee businesses, along with robust growth for the Uncrustables brand. These platforms continue to be key enablers of sustained growth and reflect strong execution against our strategy of leading in the attractive categories of pet, coffee, and snacking.  Adjusted earnings per share decreased 1%, primarily driven by reduced volume mix and anticipated cost increases, inclusive of the unfavorable impact from the Jif peanut butter recall, mostly offset by higher net price realization. Given our stronger than anticipated second quarter results, sustained business momentum and increased visibility into the second half of the fiscal year, we are raising our top and bottom-line guidance. We now expect net sales for fiscal 2023 to be up 6% at the midpoint of our range, which reflects 8% comparable growth versus the prior year.  Additionally, we expect full-year adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $8.35 to $8.75, reflecting the strong Q2 results and increased top-line growth expectations for the remainder of the fiscal year. We remain confident in our strategy and the strength of our brands, while our improved execution reinforces our ability to sustain our market share gains. Brands that are growing or maintaining share accounted for 71% of our U.S. Retail sales in the second quarter, up from 49% during the same period two years ago.  Turning to our segment results, in Pet Foods our momentum continued with comparable net sales up 14% versus the prior year, driven by solid growth across all segments. In cat food, net sales increased 19% led by the Meow Mix brand, which grew 22% and benefited from higher pricing and increased volume/mix. This reflects another strong quarter for the brand, with year-over-year net sales growth in 19 of the last 20 quarters. Meow Mix is the number 1 dry cat food brand, and continues to grow both household penetration and brand loyalty.  In dog snacks, net sales increased 15% led by the Milk-Bone brand, which grew sales 20%, benefiting from higher net price realization and increased volume/mix. The Milk-Bone brand continues to drive growth through core offerings and premium positioned innovation for our market-leading dog snacks business and the segment overall. Milk-Bone gained 1 point of dollar share in the quarter and grew 2 times the category rate. And in dog food, net sales increased 10%, led by the Kibbles ‘N Bits and Nutrish brands. Consumer take away was even stronger, up 18%, demonstrating progress on our efforts to stabilize our dog food portfolio.  We are well positioned to continue benefiting from some shifts within the category, as our portfolio provides offerings across the price spectrum including premium, mainstream, and value products. In Coffee, net sales growth of 10% was driven by all of the brands in our market-leading at-home coffee portfolio, underscoring the advantages of our broad offerings. Our results were strong year-over-year, and we continued to see sequential volume and margin improvement.  As a reminder, earlier this year, we led the market increasing prices to recover significant commodity cost inflation, which impacted price gaps and elasticities. Competitive price gaps have continued to narrow, and we expect volume and margin improvement to continue for the remainder of the fiscal year. Our coffee brands grew dollar share more than any other branded manufacturer for the sixth consecutive quarter and continued to outpace the coffee category. Café Bustelo was one of the fastest growing brands in the at-home coffee category, growing market share in both dollars and volume during the quarter.  Consumer takeaway was also up an impressive 28%. With higher absolute price points due to significant input cost inflation, the premium segment of the category has experienced greater elasticity than other segments. As a result, the Dunkin brand grew net sales modestly as volume decelerated consistent with trends within the premium coffee segment. That said, price gaps have narrowed as anticipated, and we remain confident in the overall health of the Dunkin brand, its leadership position and our long-term outlook for growth. The Folgers brand continues its momentum with double-digit net sales growth. It was the fastest growing brand in dollar share, increasing nearly half a point during the quarter, and maintained more than double the volume share of any other brand in the category. This growth was supported by our bold, new marketing campaign and refreshed packaging. Overall, at home, coffee remains strong with at home consumption, representing 70% of all coffee drinking occasions. We expect the category to remain resilient, despite inflationary pressures and volume declines given consumers love of daily coffee rituals.  In our consumer foods business, comparable net sales increased 7% driven by growth for Uncrustable sandwiches and Smuckers fruit spreads partially offset by a decline in Jif peanut butter. Net sales for Uncrustable sandwiches grew 21%, driven by higher pricing and volume mixed growth. Total company net sales of Uncrustable sandwiches, including the away from home business where 168 million this quarter. Completion of the expansion of the Longmont Colorado facility has begun to provide increased production capacity that will support the back half of this fiscal year. As a result, we expect to see double-digit growth in both volume and sales for the remainder of the year.  Smucker's fruit spreads net sales grew 19% in the quarter. We reduced complexity and optimized our SKU count by approximately 30% and are now starting to see flow back into the core offerings and improved elasticities. Our dollars per total points of distribution were up 43% in peanut butter, the Jif brand declined by 4% in the quarter. All Jif SKUs are now back on shelf, and the brand has regained its number one position in the category with 40 points of dollar share leading all competitors in household penetration and unit velocities. Given the strong consumer loyalty to the brand, we anticipate year over year net sales growth for the remainder of this fiscal year. In addition to the strong top-line performance across our U.S., retail businesses, our international and away from home businesses also aided our second quarter performance. We saw continued momentum in our away from home business as comparable net sales increased 19%, driven by higher net price realization and volume mixed growth.  In international, comparable net sales increased 15%, primarily driven by pet food and snacks, which experience double-digit sales and volume growth in the quarter led by the Meow Mix brand. Across all our businesses, our second quarter results highlight our focus on our fiscal year 2023 priorities to nurture and invest in our culture, drive prioritization and best-in-class execution, improve profitability and cost discipline, transform our portfolio and enhance diversity and foster inclusion & equity. We remain focused on these priorities to achieve long-term, sustainable success, while navigating the ongoing challenging operating environment, which I will touch on briefly. The consistency of our performance through an unprecedented period of inflation and supply chain challenges demonstrates the effectiveness of the world-class capabilities we have developed over the last few years. Though the macro environment remains dynamic, the balance is now beginning to shift in favor of some Company-specific tailwinds. These include the benefits of reduced complexity in our portfolio, our improved capabilities and our competitive advantage through superior execution, improved supply chain, and the ability to recover cost increases through inflation justified pricing actions. As consumer behavior continuously evolves, with inflation impacting purchasing patterns and channel preferences, overall at-home food purchases have remained strong. This is particularly true for the key growth categories we operate in, including pet, coffee and frozen handheld snacks. As we look ahead, I am excited for the future and the vision we have for the Company, and look forward to discussing this in more detail at our Investor Day in mid-December. Our success continues to be powered by our focused strategy, unique culture, outstanding leadership team and dedicated employees, whom I would like to thank for their exceptional contributions to provide the products and brands that consumers love. And together, we will continue to deliver on our commitment to achieve long-term growth while making a meaningful, positive impact in the world and on the lives of those who count on us. I’ll now turn the discussion over to Tucker.
Tucker Marshall: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. First, I’ll begin by giving an overview of our second quarter results, and then I’ll provide details on our updated financial outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2023.  Total company net sales increased 8%. Excluding the impact of divestitures and foreign exchange, net sales increased 11%. The increase in comparable net sales was primarily driven by a 17 percentage point increase from higher net price realization, reflecting list price increases for each of the Company's U.S. retail segments and for International and Away from Home, partially offset by a 6 percentage point decrease from volume mix, primarily driven by the U.S. Retail Coffee segment. Adjusted gross profit was in-line with the prior year, primarily reflecting a favorable net impact of higher net price realization and increased commodity and ingredient, transportation and packaging costs, inclusive of the unfavorable impact related to the Jif peanut butter recall, mostly offset by a reduced contribution from volume mix, and the noncomparable impact of the divested natural beverage and grains businesses.  Further, excluding the unfavorable impact related to the Jif peanut butter recall, gross profit would have increased versus the prior year. Adjusted operating income decreased $8 million, or 2%, reflecting an increase in SD&A expenses. Within SD&A, general and administrative and distribution expenses increased $13 million, partially offset by favorable marketing expense of $8 million. We remain confident in our overall level and consistency of marketing and brand building activities to sustain momentum for our key growth platforms.  Below operating income, net interest expense decreased $1 million, primarily due to the net favorable impact of debt repayments and issuances in the prior fiscal year. The adjusted effective income tax rate was 24.4%, compared to 23.5% in the prior year. Factoring in all these considerations, along with diluted weighted-average shares outstanding of 106.9 million, second quarter adjusted earnings per share was $2.40, a decrease of 1% from the prior year.  Turning to our segment results, U.S. Retail Pet Foods net sales increased 9% versus the prior year. Net sales increased 14%, excluding noncomparable net sales in the prior year related to the private label dry pet food divestiture. Higher net pricing actions across the portfolio contributed a 16 percentage point increase to net sales, partially offset by a decreased contribution from volume/mix of 3 percentage points, primarily driven by decreases for dog food. Net sales growth was led by double-digit percentage increases across all segments, including cat food, dog snacks, and dog food. Our strategic growth brands, Meow Mix and Milk-Bone, experienced both sales and volume growth in the quarter, with net sales increases of 22% and 20%, respectively.  U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment profit increased 21%, primarily reflecting a favorable net impact of higher net price realization and increased commodity and ingredient, transportation, and packaging costs. Turning to the U.S. Retail Coffee segment, net sales increased 10% versus the prior year. Higher net price realization increased net sales by 23 percentage points, primarily reflecting list price increases across the portfolio to recover higher commodity costs. A reduced contribution from volume/mix decreased net sales by 13 percentage points, primarily driven by the Folgers and Dunkin’ brands.  Net sales growth occurred across all brands in the portfolio, led by Folgers growth of 12%, Café Bustelo growth of 21%, and Dunkin’ growth of 3%. Our K-Cup portfolio continued its momentum, as net sales grew 7% versus the prior year. U.S. Retail Coffee segment profit decreased 10%, primarily reflecting a decreased contribution from volume/mix and increased marketing investment, partially offset by the favorable net impact of higher net price realization and increased commodity and manufacturing costs.  In U.S. Retail Consumer Foods, net sales decreased 2% versus the prior year. Excluding the prior year noncomparable net sales impact for the divested natural beverage and grains businesses, net sales increased 7%. The comparable net sales increase relative to the prior year was driven by higher net price realization of 9%, primarily reflecting list price increases across the portfolio. A reduced contribution from volume/mix decreased net sales by 3 percentage points, primarily driven by decreases for peanut butter and fruit spread products, partially offset by an increase for Uncrustables sandwiches.  Net sales growth was led by Uncrustables sandwiches and Smucker’s fruit spreads, which grew 21% and 19% respectively, partially offset by a 4% decline for Jif peanut butter. U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segment profit decreased 10%, primarily reflecting higher manufacturing, commodity ingredient and packaging costs, inclusive of cost related to the Jif peanut butter product recall and the non-comparable segment profit in the prior year related to the divested businesses. The decrease was partially offset by higher net price realization, lower marketing spend, and favorable volume mix.  Lastly, an international away from home net sales increased 14%, excluding non-comparable net sales in the prior year related to the divested natural beverage grains, businesses and unfavorable foreign currency exchange, net sales increased 17%. The away from home business net sales increased 19% on a comparable basis, driven by double-digit growth for coffee and Uncrustables sandwiches. The international operating segment net sales increased 15% on a comparable basis, primarily due to pet food and pet snacks, baking mixes and ingredients and coffee.  International and away from home segment profit increased 3%, primarily reflecting a favorable net impact of higher net price realization and increased commodity costs partially offset by a decreased contribution from volume mix.  Second quarter free cash flow was $103 million compared to $106 million in the prior year as a $43 million increase in capital expenditures offset the increase in cash provided by operating activities. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $102 million, representing 4.6% of net sales. Based on a total debt balance of 4.6 billion in a trailing 12 month EBITDA of approximately $1.5 billion, our leverage ratio stands at three times. We continue to prioritize the use of cash toward dividends and debt repayments, while evaluating other strategic uses of cash to support future growth and shareholder value.  Let me now provide additional color on a revised outlook for fiscal 2023. Ongoing cost inflation, volatility and supply chains and the overall macroeconomic environment continue to impact financial results and cause uncertainty and risk for the fiscal year 2023 outlook. Any manufacturing or supply chain disruption as well as changes in consumer purchasing behavior, including the potential impact to volume due to recent price increases, retailer inventory levels and broader macroeconomic conditions could materially impact actual results. In particular, the Jif peanut butter recall will impact our financial results for the full fiscal year. We continue to focus on managing elements we can control, including taking the necessary steps to minimize the impact of cost inflation, the product recall, and any potential business disruption. As always, we will continue to plan for unforeseen volatility, while ensuring we have contingency plans in place. This guidance reflects performance expectations based on our current understanding of the overall environment.  We are pleased to increase our full-year net sales expectation by 1.5%, and now anticipate full-year net sales to be up 5.5% to 6.5% compared to the prior year. Excluding prior year sales of divested businesses, net sales are anticipated to increase approximately 8% at the midpoint of our guidance range on a comparable basis. This growth reflects higher net price actions, primarily to recover increased commodity ingredient, transportation and packaging costs. Net sales growth reflects increased volume mix for Uncrustables sandwiches, the Meow Mix brand, and continued momentum in away from home channels. These tailwinds are being partially offset by the anticipated volume mix impact of price elasticity of demand and an estimated 2% unfavorable impact from the Jif peanut butter recall related to manufacturing downtime and customer returns and fees.  The increase in our net sales guidance versus our previous expectation reflects stronger than anticipated results in the second quarter across our U.S. Retail segments and increased demand in our U.S. Retail Pet Foods and Consumer Foods segments in the back-half of the fiscal year. We expect a full-year adjusted gross profit margin of 33.5%. We continue to project SD&A expenses to increase by approximately 9%, primarily reflecting increased compensation, along with approximately $30 million of pre-production expenses and higher marketing  spend. Total marketing expense remains unchanged at approximately 5.5% of net sales, demonstrating our commitment to invest in our brands. We anticipate net interest expense of approximately $160 million and an adjusted effective income tax rate of 24.1%, along with full-year weighted-average shares outstanding of approximately 106.9 million. Taking all these factors into consideration, we anticipate full-year adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $8.35 to $8.75, reflecting a $0.15, or 2% increase at the mid-point of the guidance range as compared to our previous expectations. The earnings outlook includes an estimated $0.80 unfavorable impact to adjusted earnings per share related to the Jif peanut butter recall inclusive of the estimated impact of manufacturing downtime, customer  returns and fees, and unsaleable inventory, partially offset by anticipated insurance proceeds.  This estimate has not changed since our last guidance communication. Earnings are expected to decline in the third quarter by a low-double-digit percentage compared to the prior year, as benefits from continued top-line momentum across our portfolio will be offset by higher  compensation and marketing expenses, as well as business investments. Fourth quarter earnings are expected to grow approximately 10%, reflecting the benefits of continued momentum across our portfolio, sequential gross margin improvement and moderation of SD&A expenses. Free cash flow for fiscal year 2023 is anticipated to be $550 million, reflecting capital expenditures of $550 million. Other key assumptions affecting cash flow remain unchanged including depreciation expense of approximately $235 million, amortization expense of approximately $225 million, pension contributions of $70 million, share-based compensation expense of $20 million and other non-cash charges of $20 million. We are pleased with our second quarter results, which show the strength of our brands and the continued momentum of the business. We are taking the right actions to support continued operational excellence, while managing through this dynamic and inflationary environment. I am confident in our strategy and believe we are in a strong financial position to deliver sustainable and consistent long-term growth for our shareholders. In closing, I would like to express my appreciation for our employees. They have demonstrated their commitment to executing with excellence, and their passion for our Company positions us for continued success. Thank you.
End of Q&A:

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-08-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Good morning. And welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company’s Fiscal 2023 First Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. This conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please limit yourself to two questions and re-queue if you have additional questions. I will now turn the conference call over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning. And thank you for joining our fiscal 2023 first quarter earnings question-and-answer session. I hope everyone has had a chance to review our results as detailed in this morning’s press release and management’s prepared remarks, which are available on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. We will also post an audio replay of this call at the conclusion of this morning’s Q&A session. During today’s call, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we use non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements and details on our non-GAAP measures in this morning’s press release. Participating on this call are Mark Smucker, Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tucker Marshall, Chief Financial Officer. We will now open up the call for questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Good morning. Thank you for the question.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: You mentioned -- good morning. You mentioned some favorability in the commodity side for the full year versus expectations when you provided guidance last quarter and the fact that you were able to raise the low end of your full year gross margin guidance as a result suggest that some of the benefit is expected to flow through maybe in contrast to what is kind of a prevailing concern among investors in the overall food space, that margin recovery will essentially be promoted away under pressure from customers and others. So I was hoping you could talk a little bit about your view on your margin progression as costs roll over and if you still expect about a 15% benefit from price for the full year? Thanks so much.
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, good morning. We are continuing to experience cost inflation that is having a mid- to high-teens impact on our cost of product goods sold. That is not a change from what we said in our initial outlook for this fiscal year. There are two areas that we continue to assess; one is the Jif impact is coming in better than anticipated, so that has supported our margin uplift from the bottom end of the range; and two, as we continue to manage costs within our overall infrastructure to the extent that we are able to in this environment. As you have noted, we still anticipate 15 points of pricing for the full fiscal year. There is not a material change to that from our original guidance. And again, what we are carrying in from fiscal 2022 is about mid-single digits and actions that we have taken for the full benefit of fiscal 2023 is high-single digits as well on the pricing front.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Thank you. And then just, I guess, as a quick follow-up. I noticed in the prepared remarks, you mentioned, when it’s in the Pet Food space, there’s sort of the concept of value a number of times. And I guess, I just wanted to get a sense from you on sort of what you are seeing on that front and maybe in past times of sort of macroeconomic stress on the consumer, what you have seen with respect to any trade down in Pet? I guess, I was under the impression that, the growth obviously in the higher end was still pretty strong and consumers tend not to mess around with their Pet Food that often. So any content -- any comments there would be helpful. Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Yeah. Sure, Andrew. It’s Mark. When you think about just taking a real quick step back on our total portfolio, we participate, of course, in all segments of our categories and that includes the entire value spectrum, if you will and Pet is no different. And so if you think about Milk-Bone and how Milk-Bone has outpaced the pet snacks segment, particularly in this last quarter and it actually gained share, that is driven both by some of the premiumization, the innovation that we have launched, but also just by base Milk-Bone, which is, quite frankly, a very affordable snack option for pets. And likewise, with Meow Mix having also taken the number one spot in cat also meets the value equation for many consumers. So, I think, strategically, we want to continue to play across that spectrum in our categories and make sure that we are providing consumers with options.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Ken Goldman from JP Morgan. Your line is now live.
Nora Young: Hi. This is Nora Young for Ken. Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Tucker Marshall: Good morning.
Nora Young: So -- good morning. I wanted to ask about coffee. So could you provide a little bit more color on why you are producing your expectations for growth for the year and then in the prepared remarks, you talked about volumes improving from here. So what are you seeing that gives you confidence that they will and how much of that is driven by competitor actions versus things that are in your control, like, higher marketing and promotional spending? Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Nora, it’s Mark. I will start and Tucker may add. But, first of all, we are very pleased with our Coffee performance. Again, it goes back to the comments I just made around Andrew’s question. And we lead, so we did lead in taking price and that helped drive our dollar growth and our dollar shares continue to be very strong across the coffee category. And although, we did anticipate some elasticity in the quarter, those were largely as expected as we are now seeing our competitors follow in pricing, and so as we move forward, we would continue to monitor very closely consumer behavior, but we are encouraged by the fact that over 70% of cups consumed are still consumed at home. So we still feel very good about our total coffee business and we will continue to invest in it. We also noted the reinvestment in Folgers with a new advertising campaign to reinvigorate that brand as well. So all signs are continuing to support the business and drive balanced growth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Peter Galbo: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Peter Galbo: Mark, maybe just to follow up on Andrew’s question around Pet Food. I know you gave some comments on both treats and cat food. It seems like dog actually had a pretty solid quarter, I think, up 18%. So if you can just comment there? I know you haven’t put in the full brand refresh on Nutrish at this point, but just what you saw in dog specifically in the quarter in terms of trade down and what you are expecting kind of over the balance of the year there? Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Sure, Peter. Thanks a lot. So in dog food, I think, what you are seeing is, obviously, a very good quarter overall on dog food and that does include Nutrish and Kibbles ‘N Bits. And part of that is really our efforts to stabilize our dog food portfolio, which we have talked that our priorities, first and foremost, snacks and cat. But then stabilizing dog food has been a priority that includes optimizing the -- our offerings and making sure that we have a narrower but clearer set of offerings for the consumer. So a lot of that is now in markets. There have also been a lot of supply disruptions across the entire dog food industry and that is not unique to Smucker. And part of our results there have us been benefiting from some of that supply disruption as, in terms of how we have been able to manage through and ensure that we are meeting demand.
Peter Galbo: Got it. That’s helpful. Thanks, Mark. And then, Tucker, just -- I have gotten a couple of questions on this morning, but just wanted to understand the moving pieces on Jif. There was a pretty meaningful insurance recovery in the quarter. I believe that was contemplated already in the prior $0.90 guide that you had given, but just wanted to clarify that? And then just on the move from, I guess, $0.90 to $0.80, it seems like things have come back faster. I think there were $0.65 impact in the first quarter, so maybe a little bit still into 2Q. But just anything else you can help us to understand on the second quarter as it relates to Jif and then maybe just the quarter overall? Thanks.
Tucker Marshall: Yeah. Absolutely. So, as you know, we came into the fiscal year with a $0.90 impact associated with the Jif peanut butter recall. That estimate is now $0.80. We did have the opportunity to come back faster both from a manufacturing standpoint and then beginning to refill the shelves at the respective retailers and so we were able to see benefit, which enabled us to reduce from $0.90 to $0.80. To your point, we did contemplate in the estimate the anticipated insurance recovery. Folks may be reading the income statement classification of where that recovery resides, but it was always contemplated in the estimate. To your point, we had a $0.65 impact in Q1. Therefore, we have about $0.15 left to go in Q2 and a little bit into Q3, but again, nothing material beyond the first quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Chris Growe: Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just want to follow on quickly on that Jif discussion, and just to be clear, on the first quarter, do you have insurance recovery that is incorporated into that $0.65 figure? And is there more insurance recovery to come throughout the year, I just wanted to make sure we get a sense of how that’s going to play out in the coming quarters?
Tucker Marshall: Chris, the $0.65 impact in the quarter did have the anticipated insurance recovery. There’s still a $0.15 exposure in Q2 and Q3.
Chris Growe: Okay. And no further insurance recovery as best as you know, is that fair to say?
Tucker Marshall: Correct. We have factored in what we believe is the appropriate factor for the insurance recovery and our total $0.80 estimates…
Chris Growe: Okay.
Tucker Marshall: Again, the predominance that came through in Q1 and I just acknowledged to you that the impact was against the $0.65.
Chris Growe: Okay. That makes sense. Thank you. And then I just had one other question on Uncrustables and think you have -- you do expect the growth to pick up throughout the quarter. You expect it to improve as we go through the year. In fact, it’s picked up quite dramatically. Do you have the kind of supply chain challenges there mostly out of the way, and from here, it’s just a matter of continuing to grow as the brand would grow? And then I know you have Longmont capacity coming online later this year, should that help accelerate the growth even further from what we are seeing today?
Mark Smucker: Chris, it’s Mark. Yes. We are still very bullish on Uncrustables and everything related to it in terms of production remains on track. We are finishing the Longmont expansion, that’s the Denver facility and we are well underway in construction of the McCalla, which is Alabama facility. And so all of that, remember, McCalla is not going to come online for a couple of years, but all of the efficiency improvements that we have seen in Kentucky, as well as Longmont are going to support us meeting demand. So, although, we are not quite meeting demand, in other words, supply is not quite caught up with demand, all of the work on production is intended to do so over time and we do expect that we have, again, significant runway and the ability to get that brand to $1 billion over time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is now live.
Robert Moskow: Hey. A couple of questions. I want to make sure I understand the assumptions for profit growth for the rest of the year. From what I can tell, you are assuming kind of flattish operating profit, maybe even down a little bit for the next few quarters and I just want to make sure I am doing the math right. Is that true, but especially given first quarter, it looks like your profit would have been well ahead of last year ex the Jif recall and then a quick follow-up.
Tucker Marshall: Rob, good morning. We brought the guidance range at the midpoint up $0.35, about $0.10 of that is coming from volume mix, about $0.15 of that is coming from cost of products sold, but then embedded in that first $0.25 is the $0.10 benefit from the Jif estimate going from $0.90 to $0.80 and then you have got about $0.10 of SG&A that comprises your $0.35. In terms of the flows, as you think about for the rest of the year, maybe we can follow up with that offline and help you with your flows. But that is how we are seeing the earnings construction from going from 8.05% at midpoint to currently 8.40% [ph]. And then I would just lastly acknowledge that, as we continue to see the Pet momentum continue through the balance of the year, as we continue to see consumer momentum inclusive of Jif recovery and the International Away from Home momentum and then that’s being partially offset by coffee topline momentum. So just to give you a sense of how we are thinking about both bottomline and topline.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And maybe more specific then, in the Retail Consumer Foods segment, your profit was down about $65 million versus a year ago, but the $90 million of that was the Jif recall. So is this division’s profit well ahead -- tracking well ahead of a year ago ex the recall, and therefore, should we assume a higher -- a profit growth commensurate with that in this division for the rest of the year?
Tucker Marshall: Yeah. The profit growth should pick up on a sequential basis in the second, third and fourth quarters, as it gets beyond the first quarter impact associated with the Jif peanut butter recall.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Jason English: Two quick questions. Hey, there. So since you last reported you guys filed your K, and in there, it revealed that your advertising spend was down around 21% last year. Given that you are over delivering so far, why not take some of the over delivery and reinvest back into advertising?
Tucker Marshall: Yeah. Why don’t I start just with our assumption around marketing spend for the fiscal year. So we did experience some SG&A favorability in the first quarter associated with marketing. However, we remain committed to spending the dollars that we planned at the beginning of the year and are still maintaining our guidance of 5.5% of net sales spend against our brands. We believe it’s important for the ongoing reinvestment and growth of those brands and overall health and profitability of the company.
Mark Smucker: Hey, Jason. It’s Mark. I would just reinforce that we are committed to spending the dollars and some of the dollars that, they are going to flow through later in the year. And just keep in mind that because pricing is up and inflation has driven up topline to some degree, that would slightly mute the dollars as a percent of net sales. But rest assured that our commitment to continue to invest in our brands is solid and the efficiencies, in other words, the bang for our buck that we are getting by getting more efficient on some of our marketing spend is also helping deliver good results against brand investment.
Jason English: Okay. Okay. And back to the question on coffee and why you expect volume to get better. I don’t think I was -- I didn’t walk away, feel like I had a lot of clarity on the answer there. So is -- I will ask a more direct question, is it because you expect competitors to follow, therefore closing the price gaps, and if that’s the answer, are you seeing it happen already or is it because you are expecting to maybe feather in some promotions to dampen those price gaps, and if so, what’s the timing and cadence of that?
Mark Smucker: It’s more the former. It’s more of the fact that we are seeing competitors follow. We manage price through a number of levers as you are well aware of, whether that’s trade and whatnot. So we have -- of course, our normal promotions planned through the holiday period, those will continue to support the brand, but we do expect competitors to continue to follow our lead.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Pamela Kaufman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Pamela Kaufman: So I just had a question on pricing and whether you have implemented all of your planned pricing actions for the year in the market or is there going to be further pricing that comes through, and if so, in which categories will there be incremental pricing?
Mark Smucker: Pam, we generally have implemented a majority of our pricing, but we still are in an inflationary environment, so it remains to be seen if -- I would never use the word finished. And you will recall that when we do move price, we have consistent -- been consistent in moving price both up and down depending on our delivered costs, obviously, it’s been more up in the last year or so. But we do believe that we have taken a majority of it and we will watch carefully as we consider whether or not there may be further pricing required in the coming quarters.
Tucker Marshall: And Pam, I would just acknowledge that our guidance reflects the pricing actions that we took in the spring timeframe in support of recovering the cost inflation in order to deliver our fiscal year.
Pamela Kaufman: Okay. Thanks. That’s helpful. And then my second question is just an update on your M&A strategy, given your comments earlier this year about your interest in potential acquisitions, where does this stand, have you been evaluating any potential acquisitions and can you remind us what the criteria is, and if that’s changed at all?
Mark Smucker: Sure. The criteria hasn’t changed and I am happy to refresh our collective memory on that. The short answer to your question is always have lines in the water, constantly evaluating opportunities that come across our desks. But, again, we want to invest in businesses and do it in a prudent way that will generate a good return. So, clearly, that is one of our key priorities. And as we have articulated over the last several quarters, we are interested in acquisitions that would add to our existing portfolio in our existing categories that would potentially round out our portfolio in coffee, potentially our portfolio in pet snacks would be of interest. We could be interested in more significant or meaningful acquisitions as well. To the extent that we are looking at newer categories or categories that we don’t participate in, we have tried to be clear that we would not enter a new category unless we have the ability to acquire a meaningful or leadership position in those categories. So it’s quite simply meaningful leadership positions or rounding out our existing portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Cody Ross from UBS. Your line is now live.
Cody Ross: Hi, there. Thank you for taking our questions.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Cody Ross: I just want to touch a little bit on pet. Pet has seen nice acceleration here, organic sales in the mid-teens. Did you have any benefit from inventory replenishment in the quarter stemming from your supply chain headwinds and can you discuss what you are seeing from a market share perspective? Thanks.
Mark Smucker: The answer to the first question is no.
Cody Ross: Okay.
Mark Smucker: And the second part of your question, I am sorry, Cody, was around market share? We -- we have seen good share growth. Clearly, Milk-Bone and Meow Mix are, again, our areas of focus, very pleased with the results there, about a full share point on Milk-Bone and continued share growth on Meow Mix. So really pleased, again, with the way our investments are playing out in those two segments. And then we spoke earlier just about dog food and our efforts there to stabilize that business.
Cody Ross: Thank you for that. That’s helpful. And then I just want to go back to one of Tucker’s comments earlier about your revised EPS guide. You mentioned that SG&A is adding about $0.10 to your higher EPS outlook. Can you just provide more details about what’s different today in your SG&A outlook versus prior? Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: So, Cody, what’s consistent is our reinvestment in the business of maintaining 5.5% of marketing spend as a percentage of net sales. So there’s no change there. Rather, what we are seeing in SG&A is just some favorability on the discretionary side that came through in the first quarter and how we want to continue that trend or trajectory through the balance of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Your line is now live.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Tucker Marshall: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Okay. So can I ask about retailer inventory levels? We have seen varying comments from different companies about whether the retailers have been holding safety stock and it needs to be run down or conversely if service levels have been low, there may be a need to run it up. Where do you guys sit across the portfolio and is there a need to -- for retailer inventory levels to shift over the next couple of quarters?
Mark Smucker: Alexia, we really have not seen anything out of the ordinary on inventory levels on our businesses. So for us it’s pretty much business as usual.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. And then in the prepared remarks, I think, you made a comment that, obviously, the consumer environment is evolving. Could you just hit the high notes of what the key consumerships that you are working your way through are right now and I will pass it on. Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Yeah. There’s a lot -- been a lot in the press in the media just around consumer sentiment and being a little bit more cautious. We have seen a bit of that. I think if you look at our categories, they tend to be more resilient than the broader center of store categories and so we have benefited from that. Similarly, there’s been some discussions around private label and this notion of trading down. My response to that would be twofold; number one, again, this notion of making sure we are offering brands across the entire spectrum of value and although you have seen some private label share growth, that is pretty normal in these times and it is not back to pre-pandemic levels. So although there is a little bit of -- there is some shifting in the categories, I would just point to the fact that our categories are resilient and we will continue to invest in our brands.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Scott Mushkin from R5 Capital. Your line is now live.
Scott Mushkin: Thanks, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I actually wanted to clarify some of the comments around the pet food area. So I think it was mentioned before that there were some out of stock issues, I guess, that’s with competitors. Is that what I am taking, because I think, you guys said, you are fine on the inventory perspective and people haven’t been replenishing, did I get that correct?
Mark Smucker: What I said earlier, Scott, was that there have been broad supply chain challenges in the pet space, largely because pet products are formulated food which have a lot of input, a lot of ingredients and that makes the supply chain a bit more complicated and so that has affected the industry broadly. But where we are very pleased is our ability to have -- having managed through a lot of those challenges and allowed us and only just speaking for ourselves to stay on shelf and in supply.
Scott Mushkin: Okay. That’s actually -- that’s a good clarification. Appreciate it. Then I wanted to ask company a little bit long ranging. I have been talking to some of the distributors about what’s going to happen here as maybe inflation cools off, as you guys think out next year, the year after, how do you guys think about that and how your businesses would look if we got a retrenchment that way, nothing is going to happen, but if it did, if it were to happen? Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Well, first of all, it’s hard to say. We -- a little relief would be great. But we -- my answer to that question, Scott, would simply be that we have been always prudent and disciplined about when we take cost up and we would similar -- similarly be very prudent and disciplined if we had to lower prices over time. But at this point, because it’s still volatile, there’s a lot of unknowns in the marketplace, we can’t really provide any more color than that.
Tucker Marshall: Scott, I would also add that, we remain committed to the profitability and margin profile of our brands and business. And so as we continue to navigate this inflationary environment, as we continue to move forward, we will continue to reinvest in those brands on behalf of our business and we will continue to think through what ongoing continuous improvement or productivity programs will also mean to the long-term health and strategy of the company.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Rebecca Scheuneman from Morningstar. Your line is now live.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Great. Good morning and thanks for the question. So my first question has to do with coffee margins. I think that they were down about 350 basis points in the quarter. That was quite a bit more than I expected, obviously, I know that there’s some volume issues there. You had also mentioned that you are investing in Folgers marketing. So I am just kind of wondering, like, as we look at the year and even if volumes…
Tucker Marshall: Yeah.
Rebecca Scheuneman: … start to perform better there, should we still expect those margins to be lower year-on-year given the increases in marketing?
Tucker Marshall: So the coffee story is one of cost inflation that has needed to be recovered on a dollar-for-dollar basis and this first quarter is our largest cost component or cost basket, so that is really what is driving the year-over-year margin pressure. But as we move sequentially through the balance of the fiscal year, we would anticipate that our coffee margins improve. But getting them back to the historical 30% plus level will still take us some time as we navigate this inflationary environment.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then my second question is about dog food. You had mentioned either in the press release or the prepared comments that you think dog food is well-positioned for evolving consumer habits. I believe what you are referring to there is kind of given inflation, you could see some consumers trading down from the premium and super premium to more of the mid-tier. First of all, is that what you are referring to, and if so, are you seeing that yet or is that something that you just anticipate you could be seeing? Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Rebecca, there’s a little bit of that. There’s a little bit of trading down. We, again, going back to some of my earlier comments about making sure we are providing value to the consumer, the benefit to our dog food business this quarter is, again, around the fact that we have done a lot of work to stabilize the business. Make sure that we are managing through the supply constraints and we have benefited in that regard, because we have done a good job of managing through some of the supply issues. And then, thirdly, there is a bit of the trading into our brands.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back to management to conclude.
Mark Smucker: Well, I want to thank everyone for your time joining us this morning, and as always, our results were made possible by our outstanding team, our employees, and I really want to just thank them for their discipline and hard work and dedication to our company and our brands. And we hope to see many of you in Boston at the Barclays Global Consumer Staples Conference in a couple of weeks and there will be a live webcast of our presentation on September 6th at 2:15 and you can access that from our Investor Relations website. Have a great day.
Operator: Everyone, this concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-06-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2022 Fourth Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer session. This conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm : Good morning, and thank you for joining our fiscal 2022 fourth quarter earnings question-and-answer session. I hope everyone has had a chance to review our results as detailed in this morning's press release and management's pre-recorded remarks, which are available on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. We will also post an audio replay of this call at the conclusion of this morning's Q&A session. During today's call, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties.  Additionally, we use non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements and details on our non-GAAP measures in this morning's press release. Available today on this call are Mark Smucker, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tucker Marshall, Chief Financial Officer. We will now open up the call for questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Andrew Lazar from Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: I thought as the first food company to give guidance for the upcoming fiscal year that in light of recent industry chatter regarding consumer behavior and retailer commentary, I thought it might make sense to start with having you address this building investor notion that the pricing window has all of a sudden effectively closed for the industry as a whole, which is a particularly important topic given your expectation for mid- to high-teens inflation still to come in fiscal '23?
Mark Smucker: Andrew, it's Mark. Thanks for the question. I guess I would just respond directly, first of all, by saying that we don't believe that there's a window, right? And it is our responsibility to always manage our costs, which we do on an ongoing basis to ensure that we're thinking about cost productivity. And when we do need to take pricing, we will do that. And that will not change. So we will continue to partner with our customers, as we've talked about in the past, and be very prudent and judicious. We're obviously cognizant of the pressure that is on consumers. But as you know, we have a responsibility to our shareholders to protect our dollar profit. And we have confidence that not only have we been able to do that, that we will be judicious and prudent going forward and use all of the levers at our disposal to do so. So we will continue to manage through it. I know that we've experienced a significant amount of inflation, and Tucker can provide more detail. But a majority of our cost increases have successfully been priced for at this time.
Andrew Lazar: And I guess, second, just quickly, Uncrustables is clearly expected to continue to drive significant growth going forward. And obviously, you've got the incremental capacity additions that you're working on as well. But maybe you could discuss the sort of the trends in volume, which have just accelerated late in the scanner data. I don't know whether that's just more capacity related or what have you. But any context around that, I think, would be really helpful.
Mark Smucker: Sure, of course. Well, first of all, demand continues to exceed supply. And so we're continuing to manufacture as many sandwiches as we can. We actually made over 1 billion sandwiches in the fiscal year, which was, of course, a record. And we did see a little bit of a deceleration in the fourth quarter, largely just because we had some supply constraints related to supply and labor, which we have resolved. And so we do expect to return this quarter to double-digit growth. And then as the completion of the second phase of our Longmont investments finish, we would expect to see some additional acceleration for Uncrustables sales in the back half. So bottom line, brand is super healthy. It's going to continue to grow. The demand and supply dynamic is as we've discussed, and we continue to make meaningful investments in capacity to support that. So we do believe that we will become a $1 billion brand.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ken Goldman from JP Morgan.
Ken Goldman: I wanted to follow up on the question about retailers and the price environment by asking about your competitors and the price environment. We are starting to see in some categories, I don't think necessarily in yours, but maybe a little bit in coffee that certain vendors or certain producers are raising prices and others are too, but maybe not to the same degree, at least what we can see in scanner data. So are there any indications you're seeing that whether inspired by retailers or whether inspired by their own decision-making, any of your competitors are being a little more conservative in taking some of the pricing that maybe you think is necessary?
Mark Smucker: Ken, I think it's really difficult to answer that question specifically. We obviously keep a close watch on our retail customers as well as our competitors. I would say the general comment is that we have seen competitors across our categories take price. In many cases, we have led those prices and price increases. In some cases, we have followed. But I think the headline really here is that really the tide raises all boats. So as we're all experiencing similar cost pressures and, again, that's a general statement, I do believe that we all are responding in a relatively similar manner to those cost increases. So the inflation tends to be broad-based across categories.
Ken Goldman: And then for my follow-up, one of the questions we're hearing this morning is whether Smucker's guidance for organic sales growth next year is aggressive, right? I think it came in a little bit or maybe a lot higher than what some people were looking for. So I'm just curious clearly, you've, I think, talked about how you've taken a lot of pricing, you feel that -- feel really good about that. You've also guided to elasticity picking up a little bit. But Mark, are there any things you can tell investors about why they should feel comfortable that elasticity won't be much worse than what you expect? Or maybe that retailers won't really lean in on you and your competitors maybe to start promoting more? I just think people are a little bit looking at this guidance and thinking, all right, it's maybe aspirational to some extent. I was just curious for your thoughts on that.
Tucker Marshall: Ken, this is Tucker. I'll begin and then hand it to Mark to talk about some of the business considerations that you just asked. But when you think about the growth year-over-year on a reported basis, we're saying we're up 4%. When you isolate the divestiture impact that occurred in FY '22, that provides 2 percentage points of growth, which gets you to 6%. And then as you isolate the Jif recall for FY '23, that then takes you to 8% underlying growth year-over-year. That 8% comprises 15% pricing, offset by 7% volume mix, which is primarily due to price elasticity of demand. When you think about the 15% year-over-year pricing, that is pricing actions that we took in FY '22 that will fully materialize or benefit or lap into FY '23. And we did take early spring pricing for the benefit of our full fiscal year of FY '23 in that 15%. I'll pause and see if Mark has anything else to add on the businesses.
Mark Smucker: Yes. I get a couple of headlines, Ken, just to respond directly. We do have a lot of confidence in our portfolio. And I think when you look at the results, particularly this quarter, 86% of our portfolio growing or maintaining share, that just does not -- that just -- it doesn't just happen. It really is a combination of fantastic investment in our business, execution by our employees and the execution of our strategy by which we have refined our portfolio. And so all of those factors have contributed to those fantastic results. And so we just think that our -- we believe that our strategy is truly working. And then more specifically, elasticity, even in the quarter, we did see elasticity coming in better than expected. That trend has continued. As you've heard us talk, we do -- we are modeling, going forward, some elasticity. But at the end of the day, because we've been able to execute our strategy, we have and refined our portfolio. We really are in categories that are pretty resilient and our offerings about those categories are focused on a variety of value propositions and playing in multiple segments. So we just feel that we're very well positioned in this environment and just will continue to execute our strategy.
Operator: Next question today is coming from Laurent Grandet from Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Actually, I would start by digging a bit more in Ken's question about the guidance because that's the key question I receive as well from investors. So you already kind of said how much, I mean you expect in terms of growth for Uncrustables in the first quarter and the back half of the year. So maybe could you give a bit more color into what you expect in the coffee segment or in the Pet Food segment, that would be super helpful.
Tucker Marshall: No, we're just pulling together some data for your answer, Laurent. Thank you.
Laurent Grandet: Okay. Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. So I think as we think about -- we are anticipating top line growth for coffee throughout the year. Again, that is primarily driven by pricing as a result of covering material cost inflation. As you think about the growth profile, we would anticipate that coffee continued its profitability growth at the bottom-line year-over-year from a dollar standpoint. And we would anticipate that margins improve as we move through the fiscal year, but the first quarter margins would likely be the lowest. And we will more likely than not get back to the 30% level. We will be short of that for the fiscal year. As you think about our pet portfolio, we are anticipating top line growth for pet. Once you isolate the impact of the divestitures year-over-year, that top line growth for pet then does translate into bottom line growth through the first 3 quarters. Pet will lap a pretty strong fourth quarter, as you saw in the results today. Again, the story within pet is pricing actions taken to cover material cost inflation. So hopefully, that gives you a context of how we're thinking about the direction of both coffee and pet. And then Mark outlined the fact that Uncrustables on a full year basis grew 19% for this past fiscal year, and we would anticipate double-digit growth of the Uncrustables brand in each of our 4 quarters in FY '23.
Laurent Grandet: Okay. And maybe a bit on Pet Food, you said you would have great Nutrish towards the end of the year. Should we think about a strong marketing push for Nutrish throughout the end of the year and potentially, I mean some upside on that front? Or because it's still about 1/3 of -- a bit more than 1/3 of your Pet Food business.
Mark Smucker: Laurent, Nutrish had a really good quarter, and it was up 14%. So some of the actions that we have been taking are starting to help stabilize that brand. So we're encouraged by that. A couple of the areas of focus for us on Nutrish are supporting some of our faster-growing segments like wet dog and dog snacks. And then as we -- I think we mentioned there in the prepared remarks about how we are going to optimize the nutritional aspects of the formulas, and we will be kicking in some new advertising in the back half of the year. So our efforts on Nutrish continue. As we've shared, it is a long-term process, but we do -- we're satisfied with the results so far, and we're going to continue to push to ensure that we stabilize that brand.
Laurent Grandet: And maybe if I may, last question, completely different, and you haven't discussed about it this morning, but one of the feedback we received from investors and actually since kept -- and that was negatively perceived was you potentially were going to do a larger acquisition in a noncore business. So that was not very well perceived by investors. So I know you came back in some meetings and tried to moderate your -- what you are saying about this. But maybe for clarification, could you please reiterate your position on that point?
Mark Smucker: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. We have had a lot of questions about that. And what we wanted to ensure that we are clarifying is we're still very interested in acquisitions, and we want to be an acquisitive company. We want to be prudent about the dollars that we would invest in acquisitions. So they definitely are an important part of our strategy, and we do consider transformational bolt-on or emerging acquisitions. As we think about our current portfolio, we are interested in rounding out our portfolio. If you think about coffee, there are opportunities to continue to round out our portfolio there. If you think about pet snacks is an area of interest as well as snacking and our frozen handheld business, of course, is very strong. So there were unique assets in the frozen space, all of those would potentially be of interest. I think the real -- really the only shift that we were trying to communicate with all of our investors was we would not meaningfully enter a new category unless we were able to acquire a meaningful or leadership position in a new category. In other words, we would not enter a new category by acquiring a small or emerging brand. We feel that our skill set is in managing leading positions. And so we would not be looking to enter new categories with a small brand. It would have to be a growing category and the option to acquire some meaningful share of that category. So again, focusing on our existing businesses, rounding them out, pet snacks, coffee and frozen handheld are all of interest.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: I guess a couple of questions. One is when I tease out the impact of the Jif recall, I think what I'm getting here is kind of flattish EBIT, maybe even down a little bit. And I guess my first question is, in the context of organic growth being up 8%, how did you think about the flow-through of that? Like did you just think like, okay, we're just going to offset price dollar for dollar? Or are you taking into account a lot of uncertainties still in the market, supply chain disruption? And then I had a question on share repurchase. Your free cash flow guide is pretty low for fiscal '23. What are your -- what's your attitude towards buying back stock here? Do you have firepower to do it, especially given the transitory nature of the Jif recall?
Tucker Marshall: So Rob, let me break down the earnings component first, and then I can address free cash flow and capital deployment secondly. So after you isolate the $0.90 unfavorable impact from the Jif peanut butter product recall, that would put you at about $8.95. And again, that's slightly up to where we finished the year. I would just acknowledge that we did have a very strong finish for the fourth quarter. When you think about the benefit of pricing actions that either came through FY '22 or -- and will also lap into FY '23, along with the additional pricing actions that we have taken in early spring for the full year benefit of FY '23, along with the benefit of shares repurchased in FY '22, that is being offset almost by year-over-year cost inflation, our estimate of price elasticity or down volume mix and our SD&A increased year-over-year, which is in support of investments back into the business and just compensation year-over-year then it basically says you have about a $0.07 difference from where we guided versus where we finished last year. And we think this is a prudent approach at this point in time with respect to guidance after you isolate the impact of the peanut butter recall. A couple of other points that I would highlight is we are making significant investments to continue the Uncrustables growth. That is about a $0.55 impact embedded in our guidance range. There's $30 million of preproduction that we called out in SD&A. And there's another approximately $48 million to $50 million of incremental fixed overhead as we complete Phase 2 of Walmart and as we begin the initial phases of McCallum, Alabama. Then to your second question, as it relates to free cash flow, free cash flow guide is $500 million. There are a few items affecting it just for your awareness. One is the incremental investment for Uncrustables, the completion again in Longmont and the beginning phases of McCallum. Then we also do have the Jif impact that's affecting free cash flow. I estimate that to be about $100 million, and we are making in the first quarter $80 million of cash contributions into our pension funds as well. We remain committed to a balanced capital deployment model, reinvesting in the business, returning cash to shareholders. We will look at the dividend for the future because we want to continue to increase that dividend as we have done, and we will consider strategic reinvestments but we will also keep our eyes open to seeing share repurchases are appropriate as we think about delivering long-term shareholder value. So hopefully that rounds out your 2 questions.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: Congrats on the solid pet numbers. It's great to see the broad-based growth within that portfolio. I do want to come back to -- I wanted to come back to the Uncrustables side real quick and just make sure I understood what's going on there. It looks like based on what we're seeing in scanner data, there's 20 points or more of price going through that business. So for sales to be down in retail, it would suggest that you're seeing volume declines of 20 or more percent and you're still expecting if you're only coming back to low doubles next quarter or this quarter that we're currently in, you're still expecting volume declines to persist. Is that right? And that seems like a big number in terms of volume. Like what are the contributing factors to that?
Tucker Marshall: Jason, in our fourth quarter, we experienced some supply chain challenges that actually started in the beginning of our -- end of our third quarter and that had an impact on production, primarily due to labor and some other sort of fundamental sort of inputs into the product. We have since addressed those and are successfully back up to the run rates that we would expect and anticipate. And as a result of that, we just sort of managed through volume in our fourth quarter. And we did finish the full year up 19% at top line. We do anticipate that going into next fiscal year, we will continue to see double-digit growth for the brand in each of our 4 quarters of next fiscal year, that is just the continued momentum of the business. It's bringing on additional capacity. And then I would acknowledge that Uncrustables aren't immune to the cost environment. And so we've had to take pricing against Uncrustables as well just as we've had to do across our broader portfolio. But we're very confident against that brand due to the points that Mark made earlier about demand outstripping the current capacity, and we continue to bring capacity online to meet demand.
Mark Smucker: Yes. I would just add, Jason, that we want to convey to all of you and our investors that you should have no concerns whatsoever about Uncrustables. The volume was up 7% on the full year, and we do expect continued volume growth in the next year based on everything we've said. So it really was a temporary hiccup. And given the demand and supply offsets, we do expect that brand to continue to grow dollars double-digit over this next year, for sure.
Jason English: Okay. And then -- I appreciate that. Coming back to the price and cost dynamics, 15% price big number. It implies like $1.2 billion of incremental price. And I think in your press release -- I think I know in the press release, you said mid- to high teens cost of goods sold inflation, that implies like $850 million to $900 million-ish of COGS inflation. It's not usual, I guess, to see companies’ price above the absolute penny impact -- dollar impact of COGS inflation. So 2 questions. One, of that $1.2 billion how much has already been locked in? How much are you still going to have to go to retailers to negotiate for? And what gives you confidence that you'll be able to take price on a penny profit basis so far above the cost impact?
Tucker Marshall: Jason, let me start with the pricing dynamic that you're referencing. One, we do have 15% benefit to our top line year-over-year as a result of pricing. A portion of that 15% is due to actions that we took in FY '22 that did not provide a full year benefit. So I think you have to be careful in isolating the 15% to our mid- to high teens call out in our prepared remarks. The second comment that I would offer is, is that we did take pricing in early spring for the full year benefit of FY '23, that is in that 15%. And then underlying our philosophy has been to recover dollar-for-dollar cost inflation to make sure that we're passing along just the appropriate cost increases that we're seeing. And so therefore, we do feel as though we are recovering that impact year-over-year and over the last 2 years.
Jason English: Okay. And of the 15%, how much is still pending?
Tucker Marshall: Our guidance reflects -- that 15% reflects what we have taken in -- excuse me, have taken in the early spring, and so we feel as though at this point in time, we are set for the fiscal year.
Jason English: Got it. So everything like that 15% is locked in or has been agreed upon with retailers? There's not like another round that you have to go through and sell in, correct?
Tucker Marshall: We believe that our 15% acknowledges the cost inflation and the conversations that we've had with retailers to date. We will continue to monitor our cost basket as we move forward and address any incremental increases to the extent they occur and/or happen.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Peter Galbo from Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Tucker, if I could just actually ask a follow-up on Jason's question there. With the 15% pricing number, I mean should we also assume then that you're relatively locked on the cost of goods side as well? Like are you secured on raw materials and price kind of for the year at least to this point? Or is there more kind of still to price out for the year?
Tucker Marshall: Our current guidance reflects our current cost picture, both the component that we are able to hedge or otherwise control against and also the variable portion. And so it's our best look at this point in time, absent any material changes in the overall markets or product or supply availability.
Mark Smucker: I guess -- Peter, I would just -- I just wanted to reemphasize that as we think about, again, taking price, we want to be very judicious in how we do that. And so our goal is not necessarily to over recover. We do have to pull all levers. We have to manage productivity and cost. And so to my earlier comments a little while ago about being sensitive to what the consumer is experiencing and then partnering with our customers to make sure that we are passing along is justified.
Peter Galbo: Okay. And then if I could just ask maybe a 2-parter on the recall. Just the time line of maybe when you expect the plants to be kind of back up and whether or not the guidance, it all assumes that you fully regained distribution by the end of the year. And then as a second part of that, is there any crossover of Jif product going into Uncrustables? Is that a concern to think about at all? Or is it a separate kind of supply chain?
Mark Smucker: Sure. So as you know, we initiated a voluntary recall on select Jif products. Consumer safety, of course, is utmost important to us. We care very much about our end consumer. And we continue working with the FDA to ensure that the Lexington facility is up and running as safely and as quickly as possible. Our Memphis facility was not affected by the recall and has continued to produce Jif products. Our New Bethlehem facility, which produces specialty peanut butters, does not manufacture any Jif products and is not -- also not affected by the recall. All of the peanut butter that goes to Uncrustables is produced in Memphis. And so we have continued to produce that butter and send it to our 2 facilities for Uncrustables.
Peter Galbo: And just sorry, Tucker, does the guidance assume full fully greeting distribution by the end of the year on Jif?
Tucker Marshall: So as we called out in our press release this morning, I think there is a $0.90 impact that is our current and best estimate. About half of that impact is due to customer returns, which will come through primarily in our first quarter and the other half of that impact is what we're referring to is manufacturing downtime, which will primarily impact us in the first quarter as well. And as we continue to learn more, we'll continue to update you and others.
Operator: Your next question today is coming from Pamela Kaufman from Morgan Stanley.
Pamela Kaufman: We're starting to an uptick in consumer trade down in some categories in the scanner data. Generally, how are you thinking about consumer propensity to trade down in your categories? And how are you managing this risk? And then on the flip side, are there any areas of your portfolio where you could see a benefit if consumers look for savings or trade down?
Mark Smucker: Pamela, the answer to your second question is Uncrustables, where we have seen 0 elasticity, right? And so consumers have continued to buy Uncrustables. We would continue that. We would expect that to continue as well. And we have not seen really any meaningful trade down in our categories as we are very much accustomed to competing across the entire value spectrum. Our categories are resilient, as I mentioned earlier, tend to be a bit less discretionary. And as at-home consumption remains elevated, we would expect that we would continue to grow our brands. And I think the results and our share performance in the quarter sort of put an exclamation mark on that.
Pamela Kaufman: And then just a follow-up question on your inflation outlook. Can you talk about what your current input cost coverage is for fiscal '23? What percent of your costs are covered for the year? And where do you have exposure?
Tucker Marshall: what I would offer is that we believe that we are experiencing mid- to high teens cost inflation across our cost basket, which is primarily commodity ingredients, packaging and transportation and manufacturing. And what we don't disclose is our coverage position throughout a fiscal year. But it is our best look and best estimate of our cost structure at this point in time, and we'll continue to manage and monitor the inflation and overall supply chain disruption over time.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Cody Ross from UBS.
Cody Ross: I want to go back to your 15% price guidance and 7% volume decline. That elasticity is a bit better, not a bit, a lot better than history. Can you just help us walk through your thought process behind that, how that should trend throughout the year? And as we get to the fourth quarter, do you expect it to be back towards more normalized levels?
Tucker Marshall: Yes. So the 15% year-over-year impact associated with pricing, again, is a component of FY '22 lapping into FY '23 and again, as a component of recent pricing actions we've taken for the full benefit of FY '23. Again, our philosophy on pricing has been solely to recover input cost inflation on a dollar-for-dollar basis. We believe that it's prudent in last fiscal year and this fiscal year to forecast the impact of price elasticity of demand. In FY '22, they have come in a little bit better than anticipated or under historical trends, but we do think there will be greater pressure in FY '23. And that 7% really is a composition of what we're anticipating from price elasticity of demand, but it also have some underlying momentum behind it, too, as well, which is from our Uncrustables brand that we anticipate demonstrating sort of mid-single digits to high single-digit volume growth year-over-year and a continued return to growth from our Away From Home business. And so it is our best look right now, kind of the volume impact year-over-year, Cody, and we'll continue to manage and monitor and update as we move forward in the subsequent quarters.
Cody Ross: And just a follow-up question. When it comes to -- or you made twice in your prepared remarks comment how you will take additional pricing if you need to, if inflation warrants in light of what some of the big retailers out there have said and investors' concerns. Can you just help us gain some confidence as to how you expect to and why you're so confident you can have additional rounds of pricing this year if any?
Mark Smucker: Well, a couple of things, maybe a little bit of repetition is we have generally taken a majority of the pricing across our portfolio thus far in anticipation of our costs that we would incur this fiscal year. There may be additional pricing actions that are required depending on costs and inputs and so forth. And our confidence derives from the fact that we continue to have very strong relationships with our retail customers and that we really approach any meaningful cost increases very judiciously and really work to partner with our customers and have very open dialogue as we move forward. So again, this is part of our business. It's our job, and we want to manage through it in the most positive way possible, so we remain confident.
Operator: Thank you. We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Mark Smucker: Well, I want to thank all of you for joining today. It's -- we clearly have executed against our strategy and are very pleased with our results and so our outlook reflects that as well. But these results are really possible because of our team and our fantastic employees. So wanted to just acknowledge and recognize the tremendous work, which -- and there's a lot of it to be very honest, that all of our folks have been doing, but just wanted to take a moment to acknowledge our employees and thank them for delivering such a strong year. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-03-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2022 Third Quarter Earnings Question and Answer Session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and thank you for joining our fiscal 2022 third quarter earnings question-and-answer session. I hope everyone has had a chance to review our results as detailed in this morning's press release and management's pre-recorded remarks which are available on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. We will also post an audio replay of this call at the conclusion of this morning's Q&A session. During today's call, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we use non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements and details on our non-GAAP measures in this morning's press release. Available today on this call are Mark Smucker, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tucker Marshall, Chief Financial Officer. We will now open up the call for questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thanks so much. I know it's too early to discuss some fiscal '23 outlook in any real detail at this stage. But, I guess, I'm thinking about marketing spend, specifically, I realize the current-year marketing spend is a bit lower, partly due to comps, partly due to capacity constraints and such, but as you look forward to next year when the company, presumably you will want to lean into retaining as many new households as possible, presumably have more capacity and not to mention likely need to step up market pressure on pet food as well. We do expect marketing to sort of bump back up to within the Company's target range of about 6.5% to 7% of sales from, I think, you mentioned in the prepared remarks a bit below 6% expected this year. And if so, are there the other levers that you have to still manage SD&A for the year where you could still get some leverage on that line item even in the face of this? Thanks so much.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Andrew. It's Mark.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Thank you for the question. We are very much committed to continuing to invest in our brands and that as we have over the last two years and going forward, we will remain very committed to spending the requisite dollars against our brand. I would highlight couple of our previous comments on our more recent calls that we have become more efficient in our spend and we have been able to get better bang for our buck on our marketing spend and also just the fact that there has been so much inflation makes the percent of sales look lower or lower but in terms of what we're committed to we did have a little bit of a down quarter but I want to be very clear with all of the, our investors that we are committed to maintaining the momentum, we've had great, over two-thirds of our brands continue to grow or maintain share and so our strategy clearly is working, shifting our resources to the highest growth opportunities and in this inflationary environment is really only so much you can spend, but rest assured that we are committed and we will continue to support our brands now and ongoing.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thank you for that. And then coffee profitability came in quite a bit stronger than we had modeled and I guess, despite the rapid rise in coffee cost, would you anticipate more of a headwind on profit in fiscal 4Q in coffee or is the incremental pricing expected to hit in 4Q, do you think it will be enough to sort of manage through this in the closer-in-time frame? Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, good morning. We have experienced green coffee cost inflation throughout our entire fiscal year and we have taken the necessary pricing actions to recover on a dollar for dollar basis that cost inflation but we have known that the significant step up in green coffee cost inflation occurs in our fourth quarter and then will continue onward into next fiscal year.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Thank you very much.
Mark Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Ken Goldman: Tucker, in terms of the reduction to your EPS guidance, I know it's difficult, but is it possible to maybe parse out a little bit how much is being driven by, I guess, inflation and some other incremental headwinds versus how much is merely the mathematical impact of the - of the newer divestitures?
Tucker Marshall: Yes, good morning, Ken. So, I'd like to start on the top line and then follow through to the bottom line. At the top line, our change in guidance predominantly reflects the two divestitures that we completed in our third quarter. So, underlying organic top line growth is still anticipated to be 4.5% year-over-year for the full year. That's consistent coming out of our second quarter call and currently on our third quarter call. With respect to the guidance at the bottom line, taking the midpoint of our previous guidance range of $8.55, we over delivered the third quarter by approximately $0.25 that was primarily due to SD&A expenses and some timing of marketing from the third quarter into the fourth quarter, then we are essentially giving back $0.30 in our fourth quarter, of that is $0.05 due to divestiture, $0.20 due to incremental cost inflation which is impacting gross profit dollars of about $30 million primarily within our pet portfolio, and then lastly, is a $0.05 impact to additional SG&A expenses in the fourth quarter, some of that is timing coming out of the third into the fourth as I have previously noted.
Ken Goldman: Great, that's clear. Thank you. And then for my follow-up, can you discuss the, I guess, the timing of the impairment charge to Nutrish. I appreciate this reevaluation or revaluations rather, the results of regular reviews, but what was new in your analysis or you're thinking that drove you to conclude the growth would be lower than what you previously expected, I guess in other words, why now and does this change your plans to turn around the business next year with that new ad campaign?
Tucker Marshall: So, Ken, annually, we go through a long-term strategic planning process, we usually complete that around this time of year and what it reaffirmed is our intention within the pet portfolio to accelerate snack growth, maintain momentum in cat food growth and continue to improve the dog food portfolio. As a result, we are reallocating our resources within that portfolio toward snacks in cat and as a result of that reallocation of resources to our high and best use of return for our strategic growth portfolio in there, we moderated or reduced the long-term net sales outlook for the overall Nutrish brand and that's primarily driven by the dry dog food component, but we still are committed to improving the performance of our overall dog food portfolio.
Ken Goldman: Great, thanks Tucker.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Laurent Grandet from Guggenheim. Your line is now live.
Laurent Grandet: Yes, good morning everyone.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Laurent Grandet: So, two questions for me. Good morning. The first is on Uncrustables, so still seeing strong growth coming from that line and we are seeing this as well in Nielsen but as your new line is coming, if I'm correct and outside fiscal year '23, should we, is there any potential issues in term of capacity constraint in fiscal year '23 or, I mean, the ramp-up should you continue to grow 30%, 40% in that product and you will get the new lines up and running? That's my first question.
Mark Smucker: Laurent, its Mark, thanks for the question. Obviously, we're incredibly pleased with Uncrustables, 31 consecutive quarters of growth, double-digit in all but maybe one or two of those quarters. So, and then we have essentially hit our $0.5 billion sales target more or less a year early. So, on a 12-month run rate basis, we have already achieved that goal and you are correct. We are adding capacity in Colorado and we broke ground on the facility in Alabama, which is going to take a couple of years before it's online but the investments we are making in capacity will clearly support increased demand and we have high confidence that we will continue to see double-digit growth. Truly capacity is the only constraint, if you think about demand, lower household penetration, the fact that we haven't totally unlocked new channels of parts of our Away From Home channel, Canada is an area that would come online at some point in the future, and then of course marketing, we have not turned on marketing for Uncrustables either. So, there is a lot of tailwinds that we see in the future and our focus right now is just continuing to make sure that we ramp up capacity as quickly as possible to support the double-digit growth.
Laurent Grandet: Thanks, Mark, very helpful. And then, I mean, in terms of M&A, at CAGNY you mentioned you were envisaging to do a larger M&A outside your core business at least, I mean, the cat was on the table and that was a departure from your previous communications where you were more thinking about doing tuck-in acquisition in existing businesses. So, when speaking with investor post CAGNY, there was kind of a bit negative on that comment. So, could you - could you explain maybe a bit more what's the rationale on trying to go outside your core three businesses and what could give some pretty more comfort to investors should you do that?
Mark Smucker: Sure. I guess what I would like to clarify first is that it is not a departure from our stated M&A strategy. We have always for many years talked about M&A being a very important part of our growth. It just so happens that in the last couple of years, we've had divestitures and there haven't been meaningful acquisition targets or affordable acquisition targets that were of interest to us. So, what I would like to just emphasize is that we continue to look at M&A. We will continue to look at M&A. We've made great strides in reshaping our portfolio. The only nuance that might be a little different is that we - we would be unlikely to do a small M&A emerging brand in a category that we currently don't play in. Other than that we would be looking to invest in meaningful M&A that potentially gives us a leadership position in a new and growing category or a bolt-on acquisition that helps round out one of our existing categories and those latter two comments are not new but you won't see us entering new categories with small emerging brands.
Laurent Grandet: Thanks, Mark, for the clarification. I pass it on. Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Christopher Growe: Hi, good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Christopher Growe: Good morning, I just, I had a question for you on the Pet division and it is a division where we saw pricing accelerate pretty nicely and while volume was down, the profit performance weakened and the margins moved down to the low teens. So, I know that Tucker, you mentioned some incremental inflation coming through in the fourth quarter. I just want to get a sense, does that margin gets - get worse before it gets better, I guess, I'm ultimately get into kind of the timing of pricing coming through and how that can help offset this incremental inflation in the fourth quarter?
Tucker Marshall: So, Pet has experienced, as most of our businesses have experienced throughout the year persistent and ongoing cost inflation and they have taken multiple rounds of pricing to recover that inflation. And so what we are experiencing are two dynamics now. The timing of pricing against cost recovery or cost inflation and secondly incremental costs that are coming into both the third and fourth quarters that we will also have to recover as well. So, we would envision that Pet will still see - continue to see some down margin but over time as pricing catches up to the inflation and we continue to advance productivity that will support the business.
Christopher Growe: Okay, thank you. And then I just was curious on the Coffee division, a bit of a similar question, but, in that, that's a division where you have historically been pretty well hedged, there obviously is significant inflation in the input costs, I just want to get a sense of, you've had a strong volume performance in that division, does that cause you to maybe to run through hedges more quickly and then is that also one where we should see that sequentially increasing rate of inflation in the fourth quarter given what we're seeing in the spot market?
Tucker Marshall: Chris, we don't disclose our hedging positions, but what I offered earlier on the call was that we have experienced green coffee inflation throughout our entire fiscal year. We have taken pricing actions to recover on a dollar for dollar basis that inflation and that our most significant step up in green coffee costs occurs in the fourth quarter, this quarter and will continue onward and we will continue to address that inflation.
Christopher Growe: Okay. Thank you for that.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
Steve Powers: Hi, thanks. Sticking on the inflation topic, in terms of the incremental costs that you're expecting in the fourth quarter, can you just parse out, is that, is that incremental raw materials and packaging costs or is that other costs related to supply chain challenges and what the mix of that incremental inflation is?
Tucker Marshall: So, in our fourth quarter, what is new news from our previous guidance is that we continue to see additional inflation primarily in the ingredient transportation, packaging and manufacturing side that is predominantly impacting our Pet portfolio in Q4.
Steve Powers: Okay. And then the, in terms of elasticity assumptions embedded in the fourth quarter, can you elaborate a little bit on the anticipated elasticities that you've baked is that based on your observed trends to date or are you anticipating incremental elasticity as more pricing is layered on?
Mark Smucker: Steve, it's Mark. Let me just start with a general statement which is as we have all year, we have adjusted our pricing to recover dollar for dollar cost and that does include some productivity initiatives as well and so recent pricing actions are no different. And now would even include pricing actions that we have taken, even in the last few weeks. So, the goal of course is to maintain the momentum of our brands including investment and offset the inflation. In terms of elasticity, we have enjoyed better than historical elasticities and, but we've been very prudent as we forecast forward to make sure that we're building into our forecast what we think are realistic elasticities and so there could be a bit of moderation, but we want to make sure and make sure that our investors know that we are taking a prudent approach to how we're forecasting the business. And I guess the last question or the last comment I would make just on a, from an inflation standpoint, as the whole industry and all industries for that matter are experiencing this, but even within our industry, just to remind ourselves that the tide does raise all boats and since it is pretty ubiquitous across every single category, I think what that does do it does keep the playing field fairly level.
Steve Powers: Yes. Okay, thank you. And just to play that back though, so, you're, you're, what you've baked in is, anticipated is more informed by kind of historical elasticity as opposed to what you've enjoyed most recently, is that a fair statement?
Tucker Marshall: Steve, what we have done is, we have built our forecast on recovering the cost inflation and the timing of covering that cost inflations from pricing actions while putting our best estimate in for the impact of price elasticity of demand, we have done that consistently throughout our fiscal year and as we've taken additional waves of pricing throughout our fiscal year. I think what Mark has acknowledged is, is that those elasticities have performed better than historical and we would acknowledge that we'll continue to monitor as we move through our fourth quarter and into our next fiscal year. And then I would also acknowledge to a previous question that we are still calling for underlying organic top line growth year-over-year of 4.5%, which is consistent coming out of our second quarter and currently on this call.
Steve Powers: Okay, very good. Thank you so much.
Mark Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question today is coming from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is now live.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. I'm just curious about the whole philosophy on providing quarterly guidance. I'm looking at your past quarterly guidance, in the last five or six quarters and it seems like you've been beating it very consistently and to a very large degree and so I want to know what's going right, I guess, on these quarterly cadences, especially over the last two, like what surprised you positively, like for example for third quarter, I could have sworn that there was going to be a mismatch in coffee in third quarter, that was the expectation, did that turn out better than you thought? And then going forward, do you think in this volatile environment that quarterly guidance is still possible to give?
Tucker Marshall: Rob. Good morning. We are committed to providing the visibility and transparency needed on an annual basis for our long-term top line and bottom line guidance and we will continue that path or avenue forward. You are correct. As we have come through the elements of a global pandemic inclusive of a disruptive and uncertain supply chain and cost inflation, we have given a sense of direction for the upcoming quarters, primarily to make sure that we were in lockstep with how we were going to deliver our fiscal year or deliver against that annual guidance. The second quarter was really favorable momentum that was coming through the business that resulted in top line and bottom line exceeded expectations as we've come into our third quarter really the top line and bottom line have performed in line with expectations. We delivered ahead primarily due to favorability and SG&A expenses inclusive of marketing some of that SD&A resets back into our fourth quarter, which we have acknowledged. Our fourth quarter is really coming in from a top line perspective as we anticipated from a guidance standpoint after you isolate the effect of the two divestitures. So, we really believe that we have our arms around how we're thinking about guidance on an annual basis and delivering each quarter. And then lastly is, is if you really pull up kind of the 30,000 feet, you can see that our business is performing from a share perspective. Mark has talked about our commercial and operational excellence in order to deliver the business in this environment. So that's how we're thinking about delivering the year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. I appreciate it. A follow-up question though, most people would argue that inflation continues to rise from here, that we're not done with inflation and supply chain disruption probably will continue as well, given that you and the whole industry is really playing catch up, is it fair to say that maybe the first half of fiscal '23 will still be a catch-up period in this dynamic?
Tucker Marshall: Rob, what I acknowledge is that we will continue to navigate an inflationary environment and a disruptive supply chain as we move forward. But what we need to do is continue to take the necessary actions to ensure stability within the supply chain, to ensure that we are recovering the cost inflation either through pricing actions or productivity savings and thinking about advancing the ongoing momentum of our business inclusive of at-home consumption and the growth or return to growth of our Away From Home business and then underpinning all of that, we will continue to make strategic investments in the business to support our coffee, pet and consumer portfolios.
Mark Smucker: Hi, Rob, it's Mark. I would just add one comment about the supply chain and Tucker is right. We expect the disruption to continue what I - on a positive, we have made great strides in managing what we can control and I've highlighted on the previous couple of calls how our execution has been excellent and our people have - it's a tribute to our people that they've been able to stay focused on the day-to-day and the execution and notably one area that we have made some improvement is in labor. So labor being an area that we can control of late, we've actually made some headway there. And there are going to be things just to acknowledge, some things will be out of our control, but the fact that we've made improvements in staffing as well as expanding our supplier base over the last many months has definitely allowed us to manage our supply chain better.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Peter Galbo: Hi guys, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Peter Galbo: Tucker, I just wanted to follow up actually on Rob's question, thinking about the fourth quarter and maybe more of a clarification, if we just take kind of the inputs you've given us for 4Q, you end up more towards the high end of the revised range or the very high end of the revised range, and just, I wanted to make sure if that math checked out or what would cause you to deviate from that, just given what you've - given what we know from you at this point?
Tucker Marshall: We feel very comfortable with delivering the midpoint of our revised guidance range, which is around $8.50. Since we have found ourselves into the final quarter, you can acknowledge that $8.50 translates into $1.85 approximately for the fourth quarter, we feel comfortable where that sits today knowing both the puts and calls to deliver our fiscal year. So that is how I would probably answer your question, I don't know if that's helpful but that's where we stand.
Peter Galbo: Okay. And the one other thing I just wanted to clarify, I think last week at CAGNY, you had kind of mentioned capital return or share buyback would kind of help offset some of the dilution from earnings and that wasn't in this morning's release or in any of the prepared comments, just post some of these divestitures I wanted to see if that was still part of the plan in 4Q and going into next year? Thanks very much.
Tucker Marshall: Sure. So we remain committed to our balanced capital deployment model with a strong balance sheet and we do have excess cash in the balance sheet along with strong short-term borrowings and we will evaluate how we deploy that capital here in the near-term and over the long-term to ensure that we replace those divested earnings.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Jason English: Hi, good morning folks. Thanks for slotting in.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Jason.
Jason English: A couple of quick questions, you mentioned that so far in the coffee segment, you've been able to match the dollar-for-dollar increase in commodities with dollar-for-dollar increase in price. Will that also hold true as we step up on cost inflation in the fourth quarter or will there be a bit of a lag there?
Tucker Marshall: We have timed our dollar-for-dollar green coffee inflation against pricing actions in the fourth quarter.
Jason English: Okay, that's helpful. So now, stepping up to a higher level, then this would call for a substantial increase in price contribution in the fourth quarter, yet your implicit guidance is for somewhere around 5% organic sales growth, which is certainly lower than we were out and lower than where our consensus was, where is the offset, are you seeing more volume erosion, anticipating more volume erosion or as our expectation of a sizable sequential step up in price misplaced?
Tucker Marshall: What we would envision in our fourth quarter is as we are taking into account the pricing actions that we have taken throughout our fiscal year and the impact to Q4, we have also acknowledged the underlying momentum of the business and we have accounted for the impact of price elasticity of demand by taking material pricing against material inflation.
Jason English: Okay, thank you. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Pamela Kaufman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi, good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Pamela Kaufman: I wanted to follow up on the write-down on Nutrish and just to ask more broadly, if there are any learnings or things that you would do differently in the future when it comes to M&A or in managing your existing brands based on the experience you've had with this brand?
Tucker Marshall: Yes, Pam, I would say that we recognize that the category has changed a lot since we acquired that brand and acknowledge that our strength is really in pet snacks and cat food and notably we actually did take the number one position in dry cat food in the last 12-week period with Meow Mix. So, just have we learned, absolutely, right and I think anticipating how that the dog food category has gone and the fact that we are not one of the leaders in the dog food segment of the category speaks to the fact that again our portfolio re-shape, making sure that we're spending our dollars and resources against the areas where we're going to see the most growth and we will remain committed to stabilizing Nutrish and our dog food portfolio, but clearly where our strength lies is pet snacks and cat food.
Pamela Kaufman: All right, thanks, that's helpful. And then can you talk about the outlook for future price increases, do you anticipate needing to raise prices further and although demand elasticity has been better than expected, can you discuss how retailer receptivity to further pricing looks and if you would expect any pushback?
Tucker Marshall: Sure. And part of the answer is the same answer I gave a little bit earlier, but just, we can't anticipate what other pricing may come. I would acknowledge and we've talked a lot about coffee. I would just highlight the coffee prices, coffee commodity costs are not at record highs. So, we have seen higher costs such as a one small data point, but the comment really is that we have been very diligent and prudent in adjusting our prices throughout the year for inflation and we have been very prudent in how we have taken those and really just following inflation and making sure that our price increases are truly justified from a cost standpoint and so we have been very successful in doing that. The intent is to recover cost and all of the pricing actions even the most recent ones are no different. And so really, we have to remain focused on maintaining the great top line momentum we've got including investing in our brands while we're offsetting the cost increases. So that will remain our focus and the receptivity has been good, every - as I mentioned earlier, everybody is experiencing this, and so retailers are willing to work with us to find the best path forward and ensure that we're passing on justified cost increases.
Pamela Kaufman: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing comments.
Tucker Marshall: Well, I just want to say thank you to all of you who tuned, in our investors, our analysts, our employees who have made these results possible, their tremendous commitment to our business and really just hope everyone has a great week, and thank you for listening.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2022 Q2  (2021-11-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the J. M. Smucker Company’s Fiscal 2022 Second Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. During the Q&A, please limit yourselves to two questions and re-queue if you have additional questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Aaron Broholm: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and thank you for joining our Fiscal 2022 Second Quarter Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. I hope everyone has had a chance to review our results as detailed in this morning's press release and management's pre-recorded my remarks, which are available on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. We will also post an audio replay of this call at the conclusion of this morning's Q&A session. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations and future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we use non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements and details on our non-GAAP measures in this morning's press release.  Available today on this call are Mark Smucker, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tucker Marshall, Chief Financial Officer. We will now open up the call for questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, we ask that you please limit yourselves to two questions and re-queue for your additional questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today coming from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much and good morning, everybody. I guess, first one is on elasticity. Thus far, volume elasticity has been lower than what you’d forecast and below, I guess, what you’ve seen historically and we’ve seen that for the Group more broadly.  It sounds like in your – for at least the way you are thinking about modeling for the fiscal second half that you are building in somewhat greater elasticity than you’ve seen thus far as pricing kind of kicks in that could start to hinder volume growth a little bit more. And I am trying to get a sense whether this is more out of conservatism or if you’ve started to see maybe more volume impact from pricing more recently as it’s kind of kicked in, in a bigger way? 
Tucker Marshall : Andrew, good morning. With respect to your question, we are increasing our full year net sales guidance by approximately $160 million or 2% at the midpoint. It really relates to half associated with overdelivery in our second quarter or $80 million. Of that $80 million, what we really saw was underlying business momentum against our brand and growth imperatives along with better than anticipated elasticities from our initial round of pricing actions over the summer and early fall.  As we think about the back half of the fiscal year, we are anticipating incremental growth of $80 million against our prior expectations. The prominence of that is coming from continued momentum of volume mix and those better than elasticities.  However, in our fourth quarter, we do have significant pricing actions, particularly in coffee and to a lesser extent impacts associated with cost inflation. As a result of that additional round of pricing that will take place in the fourth quarter, we have factored in elasticities against that pricing waiver action. And so, therefore that is all factored into our guidance. 
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks for that. And then, secondly, you recently announced the planned construction of a new facility for Uncrustables, which I think is going to expected double brand sales to $1 billion in the next five years. And it looks like that could essentially drive about sort of 1 point of sales growth for the overall company per year, I guess, or about half of Smucker’s 2% annual organic growth target kind of on its own.  So, clearly the brand is now big enough to sort of matter and move the needle. And I guess, my question is, with the brand now about – at about 70% ACV, I guess, how are you thinking about driving the growth in this brand in terms of incremental distribution opportunities at current customers versus or – and expanding ACV by entering new customers? Thank you. 
Mark Smucker: Hey, Andrew, it’s Mark. Thank you for the question. The first headline in response is that, this is up fundamentally about our strategy of investing where the growth is, in other words, we’ve talked about reshaping our portfolio, which is not only about M&A, but it’s also about making sure that we are putting resources against our largest opportunities.  And Uncrustables, it’s clearly one of those. If you think about 30 consecutive quarters of growth, mostly, and almost every one of the quarters it’s been double-digits. This last quarter, it’s about 33%. We are going to hit our $0.5 billion target a year early, which is fantastic and that has been supported by the investment in our second facility in Longmont, Colorado, which we have continued to invest in and add lines there to support getting to of course, over $0.5 billion.  And yes, you are correct, the investment in the Alabama facility which we will break ground on in the next couple months will support, obviously further growth to what we believe could be north of $1 billion.  And so, the reasons why – the reason to believe is, there is just a ton of runway on this brand. I mean, household penetration number one is still low. It’s only about 11%. There is significant room for growth in household penetration.  Number two, we have not invested significantly in marketing. And so, we have not turned on any significant consumer spend. And then, there is runway even just on our core peanut butter and jelly offerings, whether that’s in particular, places in U.S. retail, certain locations in away from home. We have not turned on Canada yet. And then there is opportunities in the convenience channel.  So, if you think about all of those, plus the fact that we haven’t done any really meaningful innovation, we just think there is a ton of growth opportunities in momentum for that brand. 
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much and have a great holiday. 
Mark Smucker: Thank you, too. 
Operator: Thanks. The next question is coming from Ken Goldman from JP Morgan. Your line is now live. 
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thanks so much. 
Mark Smucker: Good morning. 
Ken Goldman: A quick question on free cash. I think the implication is that, you are expecting maybe around $80 million less in operating cash flow than you previously expected. Just looking at your guidance for that in CapEx. And you had highlighted inventory is the biggest headwind. Can you just maybe elaborate a little bit on what’s driving that expected inventory increase? How long you anticipate it lasting? 
Tucker Marshall : Good morning, Ken. So, our free cash flow target for the fiscal year is now $700 million. Really what is driving that is the decrease in year-over-year earnings, along with the building of inventory associated with working capital requirements as you noted inclusive of us taking up capital expenditures in support of the Uncrustables facility expansion.  With regard to the inventory levels, what we are trying to do is make sure that we have the right, both raw materials and finished goods within our network in order to ensure that we are in stock and on shelves and that we are also managing through supply chain challenges, shortages, along with business continuity.  And so, in the near-term, we should expect elevated levels of inventory as we work through the balance of the fiscal year and think about next year, we can provide an additional update on sort of the longer term implications of inventory levels. But right now, it’s just ensuring that we have product to supply. 
Ken Goldman: Makes sense. Thank you. And then, just a quick clarification. I think you mentioned that productivity will help offset some of the inflation you are experiencing. Are you increasing the amount of cost savings that you are looking for which, I think was around $50 million. Has that number gone up or is that still around the same amount that we should be thinking about for the year? Thank you. 
Tucker Marshall : Ken, we are not changing our annual savings target of $50 million when we talk about productivity savings associated with cost inflation. What we are describing here is, is that, we are seeing low double-digit year-over-year cost inflation that needs to be covered through rounds of pricing actions in this fiscal year.  We also acknowledge that over time to support both dollar profitability and percent profitability, we will need to continue to advance productivity in the form of savings across both our cost of products goods sold and our SG&A environments to support the overall long-term health and profitability of the company, which we remain committed to. 
Operator: Thanks. The next question today is coming from Laurent Grandet from Guggenheim. Your line is now live. 
Laurent Grandet : Hey, good morning, everyone and congrats on the strong quarter. So, my first question is really a follow-up from Andrew’s question on Uncrustable. You experienced very good strong sales with that brand, but you mentioned in your remarks that you would be finalizing the construction of the second line by the end of next fiscal year. So, will that constrain Uncrustables sales in the short-term or more into the next fiscal year? 
Tucker Marshall : Laurent, you are correct. We expect by the end of our fiscal 2023 to have the phase 2 of the Longmont, Colorado facility complete. And that will enable the ongoing expansion above $500 million sales target. And so, therefore, we do not see a constrain in the near-term associated with the continued growth of that brand and business. 
Laurent Grandet : Okay. Perfect. Thanks. And my second question is about the guidance. You are one of the very few food company to not only increase the top-line guidance this quarter, but also, I mean, your EPS despite I mean a very volatile environment. So, what can give you that level of confidence? Or in other words, what’s the level of cushion you’ve got built in? Thanks. 
Tucker Marshall : Laurent, you are correct. We did raise both the low end and the high end of our guidance range by $0.10. That really is broken down as follows: we overdelivered our second quarter by $0.40, which was primarily driven by favorable business momentum and better than anticipated elasticities, along with some cost savings.  We anticipate an additional $0.30 in the back half from that ongoing momentum being offset by $0.60 of additional cost, partially offset by fourth quarter pricing actions. And so, therefore, that $0.70 overdelivery or increase to our expectation is being offset by $0.60 of cost price impact therefore, supporting the dime that we increased both the low and the high end of the range.  We do feel that we have a balanced guide at the midpoint at this point from the both the top-line standpoint and the bottom-line. That gives a balance in delivering the fiscal year. 
Mark Smucker: Laurent, this is Mark. I may just add that, just to your point about confidence, clearly, we are operating in a very dynamic environment where there have been a number of challenges, whether it’s supply chain related or inflation, what have you? I think, fundamentally, the reason that we have continued to deliver is because our execution has been excellent.  Our people have been extremely agile and been able to pivot and react or in many cases anticipate challenges before they happen. And so, it’s a combination fundamentally of detailed supply chain management and then the combination of both consumer and customer execution. So, marketing and sales execution working together in concert along with our supply chain management, I think has truly allowed us to continue to deliver consistently over the last few quarters. 
Laurent Grandet : Okay. Thanks, Mark and keep up the very good execution. Thank you. 
Mark Smucker: Thanks. Thank you for the support. 
Operator: Thanks. The next question today is coming from Chris Growe from Stifel, Your line is now live. 
Chris Growe : Hi, good morning. 
Mark Smucker: Good morning. 
Chris Growe : Hi. I just had – I have two questions if I could. And the first was just understanding the quarter to understand how pricing is keeping pace with inflation. If you were to look at peanut, pricing that have caused, would that – it was negative in the quarter. Are you seeing that catch-up then in the second half of the year or still pricing should continue to accelerate or is it more so in the fourth quarter when more of that pricing kicks in? 
Tucker Marshall : So, as you think about the walk for the year, we took an initial round of pricing in the mid-summer timeframe, that is really benefiting the back nine months of the year. And so, that is coming into help support sort of the initial look that we had of cost inflation coming into the fiscal year. When we came through our first quarter, we had additional cost increases that we were seeing that we have taken subsequent rounds of pricing that we will start to see benefiting primarily the fourth quarter, to your point.  And then, lastly is, we have seen increased cost since our last call primarily in green coffee and in transportation, which is having us to take an additional round of pricing in our coffee portfolio and pet portfolio as well and we believe that benefit will come through in Q4.  So, to your point, yes, we are seeing the predominance of the benefit coming through our Q4 and then, we will pick up sort of the lapping effects into the balance of FY 2023. 
Chris Growe : Okay. That was helpful. Thank you. I had one other question, perhaps for Mark and it’s – I guess, I am just curious how you see the health of your core consumer today? I know, it’s a broad question in a broad view, but when we see the brands in general doing so well, your brands gaining share, private-label losing share, we had some IRI data it’s confirmed that again today.  And this is all occurring amidst a high level of pricing. So, elasticities been low and almost non-existent for most companies. Does that change as we continue to move maybe into 2022. Do you take a more conservative view of elasticity as a result of just all the pricing into the consumer and there – what has been to this point very strong growth in the brands? 
Mark Smucker: Sure, Chris. I think, Tucker in one of his previous answers talked a little bit about some of our elasticity assumptions going forward. But the success that we’ve experienced is a couple of things. First and foremost is what I just said in Laurent’s question about the firing on all cylinders of managing the supply chain through all of its dynamic changes, as well as continuing to invest in our brands during this time, not cut marketing in a material way, but continuing to invest.  We’ve had some world-class marketing campaigns, notably Jiff, most recently, as well as just a store level execution to make sure that we do our best work trying to keep our brand in stock.  So, I think, it’s those things, plus what we believe is an ongoing tailwind of elevated at-home consumption, driven by the fact that folks are not going to go back to work the way that they wanted it. There is going to be, we believe, a hybrid work model that is going to keep people in their homes more than they used to.  And so, since we clearly are breakfast and lunch oriented, that is definitely going to continue to support our business, as well as you know, focusing on pet snacks, Milk-Bone alone was up 17% in the quarter. So, we’ve just had some very nice results supported by both our execution and then some of this what we view as a persisting tailwind of at-home consumption. 
Chris Growe : Okay. Thank you for that and happy holidays. 
Mark Smucker: Thank you too. 
Operator: Thanks. Our next question today is coming from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live. 
Steve Powers: Hey, great. Thanks and good morning everybody. 
Mark Smucker: Good morning. 
Steve Powers: Maybe, if you just – circling back to productivity, I think in response to – I believe it was Ken’s question earlier, you said you were not taking up productivity targets for 2022. But you have updated your SG&A forecast lower despite what I would assume is upward pressure on some of those components. So, maybe you can just help me out there in terms of where that – those savings are coming from and if they are just sort of a pullback on this more discretionary items as opposed to corporate activity? 
Tucker Marshall : Yes. I think, it’s to the latter of what you said. It’s more of a pullback on discretionary items and just year-over-year favorability. So, SG&A expenses are now projected to decrease by approximately 7%. That’s really due to the benefits of our cost management and organizational restructuring programs that we initiated a year ago.  It’s also the benefit of lower marketing spends and that’s really because we are lapping a pretty strong fourth quarter spend from the prior year, as well. And also, it’s from a reduced incentive compensation and other reductions in discretionary expenses. And so, I think it’s more the latter of what your question asked, as opposed to the former. 
Steve Powers: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you. And I guess, maybe, shifting gears if we could circle back to a topic that was sort of in focus last quarter, and maybe just is there any updates in your thinking around Nutrish from the dry dog food side and what you are planning to drive some future reinvigoration there? 
Mark Smucker: Sure, Steve. So, first of all, as we talked last quarter and this is probably a little bit repetitious. Our pet strategy, you’ll recall, is really contingent on three legs of the stool. The first and priority is pet snacks, because we are the leader in pet snacks and continuing to direct resources to our pet snacks business. Our cat food business where we are the solid number two and Meow Mix has experienced significant growth, continues to see quarter-over-quarter growth even sequentially.  And so, those two clearly where we have stronger leadership positions are our priorities. And then, of course, the third leg is our dog food, where we are not as much in a leadership position and recognize that and acknowledge last quarter that we are not going to experience the same level of growth on our dog food business as we would on the other.  But it still serves an important role. Nutrish, specifically albeit a relatively small portion did do well in the quarter with about 5% growth total over the entire brand and actually dry dog is about 1% growth, sorry, in the quarter.  So, we did experience some growth and we remain committed if you recall to the entire Nutrish brand, which includes both snacks, as well as some vet products, as well. And let me correct myself. I thought it was right, 4% was our growth on dry dog. So, we did have a solid quarter on dry dog on Nutrish this quarter. 
Steve Powers: Very good. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question today is coming from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is now live. 
Bryan Spillane: Hi. Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. Tucker, maybe just to follow-up a little bit on the inflation. We are at a, I guess, now low double-digit runrate year-to-date. And so, I guess, what I was trying to get some perspective or would like to get some perspective on, do we think at this point that we are closer to a peak in terms of just where cost elevation goes.  And maybe underneath that, just so we are thinking about maybe the next 12 months even, just what are the pieces that continue to be areas of pressure and may continue to put pressure and what might actually be a source of maybe more moderation as we look forward. Just we try to understand, continues to elevate and what are the probabilities that rate of inflation as we come back a quarter later continues to move higher? 
Tucker Marshall : Bryan, good morning. As you’ve noted, we are experiencing low double-digit year-over-year cost of products goods sold inflation. That’s going to equate over $550 million against our total cost basket at comps and as the key elements of that that we’ve been pretty consistent since the beginning of our fiscal year, commodity and ingredient inflation, packaging and transportation inflation, as well and you are also now seeing some labor-related inflation, as well.  Part of that too is also just the discontinuity and the disruption of the overall supply chains that are factoring into that. But as we see the balance of our fiscal year, we think it still continues to increase, but it sort of increasing at a decreasing rate and we are able to sort of get our arms around the balance of this fiscal year based on what we see to-date.  We continue to successfully execute and manage through this overall environment. But I think, looking much and beyond our current fiscal year is probably not prudent at this time, just as we continue to understand the signals beyond the current fiscal year. But I just want to again acknowledge the tremendous work that our teams have done to manage this overall inflationary environment not only on the price side, but also on the productivity and production front. 
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, I guess, as we are thinking about the incremental pricing actions, right, the incremental price that you are going to take back half of the year, is that – are those price increases really matching the inflation that you know now. And I guess, if inflation continues to go higher, would it maybe suggest that at some point you have to come back for additional rounds of price increases? 
Mark Smucker: Yes, Bryan, it’s Mark. The short answer is, our playbook fundamentally hasn’t changed. And so the intent is to fully recover over time, acting as a leader in our categories, right. And so, less price movements as we have seen over these last several months are not unusual and because they are so ubiquitous, obviously, the tide sort of raises although.  So, everyone is experiencing it. I would also just highlight that in addition to these less price increases and our intent to fully recover, within that, we can use other levers like optimizing our trade spend, and obviously, some of the productivity initiatives that Tucker previously mentioned. But, yes, the – overtime, our intent is to fully recover and as you’ve heard us say over the last couple quarters, there is some timing lag from when those actions hit the marketplace. 
Bryan Spillane: Alright. Thanks, Mark. Thanks, Tucker. Have a happy Thanksgiving both of you. 
Mark Smucker: Same to you. 
Operator: Thanks. The next question today is coming from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Your line is now live. 
Alexia Howard : Good morning, everyone. 
Mark Smucker: Good morning. 
Alexia Howard : So, two questions here. First of all, the guidance for fiscal 2022 has obviously changed quite a bit over the last couple of quarters then now there is a modest guide down to the third quarter and things should get better with pricing in the fourth quarter. So there is a lot of moving pieces here. If you have to summarize the key uncertainties for what are biggest uncertainties here in your mind as we look out for the remainder of fiscal 2022 and even into 2023, what would you – how would you rank order them? 
Mark Smucker: Alexia, it’s Mark, and I’ll start here. So, first of all, I think it’s what we’ve been seeing in terms of just the supply chain uncertainties, how dynamic that is, some of the labor challenges that exists across multiple industries. I think, if you think about those components, those are probably going to persist for the foreseeable future.  I think that’s been a pretty consistent theme. The way I would describe it is, when I say dynamic, what we mean is, the challenges that exist can change week-to-week, months-to-months. It could be an ingredient or a packaging component at one point it could be some isolated labor challenges in a particular geography. So it really is somewhat of a moving target.  And the fact that we – about six months ago, did actually changed some of our organization structure. We became a flatter organization, which truly has allowed us to be very agile and pivot to those – to where we do see challenges very quickly. And again, I think it’s that ability to be agile and to respond to this very dynamic environment that has allowed us to stay on top of it and continue to deliver products ultimately to our end customers. 
Alexia Howard : Great. Thank you very much. That’s incredibly helpful. And the follow-up question, you mentioned in, I think the prepared remarks, that you have an improved commercial model and you have investments in basic capabilities. Can you just describe what you can do now as a result of that that you couldn’t before that we got an idea of really what – how the capabilities are developing? Thank you. And I’ll pass it on. 
Mark Smucker: Okay. Sure, Alexia. Thanks for the question. So, the general headline is what I said before, it’s just a combination of both consumer and customer, marketing and sales execution. Those two things working together has been incredibly successful.  If I recall, we may have spoken a bit at CAGNY last year about some of our new online capabilities that actually just that by way of an example with our retail customers, we have rolled out a capability where we are able to actually see outages, for example, in store clusters or geographies and are able to react to potentially those out of stock quickly and make sure that if we are in, say, a major metropolitan area with one customer, that we can actually go in and target specific groups of stores and actually ensure that we are getting products on the shelves, whether that’s even out of the backroom or not, it’s truly very tactical.  But we believe that that capability is one example of how we are able to quickly react and we do believe that that’s best-in-class. 
Alexia Howard : Great. Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on. 
Operator: Thanks. Our next question today is coming from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is now live. 
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. One of the bigger surprises for me and then several of them was to see pet snacks growth so strong in the quarter. The Nielsen Tracking Data doesn’t really indicate that and I was wondering, if you could be more specific as to where – which channels you are seeing the snacks growth come in. And then, I had a follow-up on labor. When you talk about labor challenges, to what extent is that challenges within your own four walls or is it really mostly at the distributor level and at the retail level? Thanks. 
Mark Smucker: Rob, it’s Mark. Let me start with your second question around labor. It is systemic, as you know and as I mentioned to Alexia, it is a moving target and in terms of where we might experience is certain labor shortages. I think it depends on the geography. Sometimes in certain geographies, we may be competing for skilled labor.  I would – what I would tell you in general is that less skilled labor, which sometimes would be in distribution centers is the labor that probably moves around the most and we see probably the most turnover. But again, I think we’ve been very agile at adapting to the challenges and been able to stay on top of things for the most part. But it is again - it varies and it can shift over time.  Pet snacks, I think, in terms of a little bit more specific, obviously, we have been supporting our pet snacks business with advertising which has been very effective. And again some of the other capabilities around sales at the store level have allowed us to remain in stock and Milk-Bone, specifically has been supported by some new innovation, which has actually done reasonably well also. So it is a combination of all of those things that has been supporting our snacks business, as well as Milk-Bone, specifically.  The one other comment I would make and I – just from the channels, I think we might have to follow-up with you and get on the specifics of that, but what we are seeing in our numbers is that is typically growth across all channels and that the consumption growth that you are seeing is generally in line with our sales growth. 
Robert Moskow: Okay. I’ll follow-up later. Thanks. 
Operator: Thanks. The next question is coming from Pamela Kaufman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live. 
Pamela Kaufman : Good morning. I was wondering if you are making any adjustments to your marketing and promotion strategy through the year, given the stronger than anticipated demand that you’ve seen.
Tucker Marshall : No, we are actually moving forward and basically sticking to our guns on our marketing plans. Given the inflation across our portfolio more broadly, the percent of sales that you would see will be down slightly versus last year, but our marketing budgets are very much in line with what they were last year. Coffee is actually up slightly. And so, we continue to invest in our brands. 
Pamela Kaufman : Thanks. That’s helpful. And clearly, there is a lot of investment behind Uncrustables given the strong growth that the brand is seeing. Are there other products in the portfolio where you see opportunity to step-up investments? And maybe you can touch on some of the innovation that you are working on. You mentioned in pet foods, but are there other areas where you see particular opportunity to step-up investment and innovation. 
Mark Smucker: Yes. Sure. The Milk-Bone, for example is really around utilization and there is a number of new Milk-Bone products. Think about biscuits being dipped some other our products, peanut butter for example. Peanut butter on a dog biscuit is one does do very well and those are relatively easy line extensions for us to do. And so, we’ve done well on Milk-Bone. That’s a really good example.  Meow Mix, we’ve continued to invest in marketing there. So we see good growth on Meow Mix. And then, Dunkin and Bustelo in coffee, both are – have maintained their households. In fact, what we are seeing is that they are the two brands in the whole coffee category that have maintained their household both at double-digits. And so, continuing to invest in those brands, as well.  And then finally, just on Folgers, as we know that the category continues to shift to K-cups. Keurig has done a great job just in terms of selling more brewers and we think this is going to be probably couple million more brewers coming online. And our Folgers brand has been doing fantastic in the K-cups space. So, just shifting our portfolio again to where the growth in or where the growth is going has really benefited us. 
Pamela Kaufman : Okay. Thank you. 
Mark Smucker: Thank you. 
Operator: Thanks. Our next question today is coming from Rebecca Scheuneman from Morningstar Inc. Your line is now live. 
Rebecca Scheuneman: Great. Good morning. 
Mark Smucker: Good morning. 
Rebecca Scheuneman: So, if we take a look at Smucker’s history of innovation and Uncrustables has been a clear home run. But there have been a few stumbles at play. And I am just wondering if you could kind of share your product development process? And what Smuckers does to set itself apart from others in this highly competitive industry? 
Tucker Marshall : Sure, Rebecca. The first is, as you mentioned, we have been focused a few years ago on fewer bigger and I think what – we did have a couple stumbles there. Our 1850 brand notably is still in the market and is sort of steady. And so our 1850 brand, which was a relatively big launch in coffee as an extension of Folgers has done decent and remains in market.  What we learned through that process is that if you have to have a combination of smaller and larger vets and if you get the mix right, it works. I would highlight that even when we have had stumbles, we – our growth from new products has been consistent with our algorithm over time.  And so, even in the years where we feel like some of our larger vets, I mean, that have been successful as we hope, we still delivered against our growth algorithm on new products.  And we’ve really feel like, right now, we’ve got the mix right. I’ve already mentioned several times about some of the Milk-Bone and some of the other innovation that we’ve been seeing and just getting that mix right, Jif Squeeze is another really good example of just taking peanut butter and putting in a different more convenient packaging has been very successful, as well. So at the end of the day, it comes down to knowing your consumer and getting the balance right. 
Rebecca Scheuneman: That’s very helpful. Thank you. And also, so, it was about a year ago now, at your Investor Day, you’ve laid out your new plan to redesign your marketing model. And I was wondering if you could provide an update on how that strategy is progressing? And as part of that, if you can share like, what percent of your media spend is allocated to digital medium? 
Mark Smucker: Okay. The last part of your question, it varies by category, but it would be roughly 60:40 or – it’s in the 60:40 to 50:50 range and what that means is, mass media is important, because it’s all about reach. It’s about reaching as many consumers as you can. Digital is more about targeted. So, you already have consumers and you are trying to make sure you keep them in your brand franchises.  That’s an oversimplification. But that’s sort of how we think about it. So, you have to have both. The question more specifically about marketing was – and I’ll try to do it in the broader terms, we needed to fundamentally think about how we partnered with our external partners. We had many, many agencies. We essentially consolidated down to one. We partner primarily with Publicis on consumer marketing.  And doing so, it has afforded us the opportunity to restructure how we are organized and line up with them. And maybe most importantly, really making sure that we are giving our partners the license to create very bold and consumer relevant creative. So, the example I would use again is Jif, the most recent campaign where we have partnerships with Ludacris and Gunna, both rappers from two different eras.  There was a TikTok rap challenge as part of that, which we actually earned 7 billion views which is unbelievable and certainly a record for us as a company in terms of the number of impressions that we made, but also probably a record in a number. I think TikTok gave us, we are in the top 12 most influential campaigns this past year. So, clearly, this has been a journey over the last three years.  It’s the consumer marketing piece is definitely working and now with the combination of a more focused and refined sales execution model, the combination of those two things is very powerful and again, a key to our success. 
Rebecca Scheuneman: Great. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Thank you. We’ve reached the end of our Question-And-Answer Session. I’d like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments. 
Mark Smucker: Well, first of all, I want to wish everyone a very happy holiday and very happy Thanksgiving this week. Thank you for being with us this week. And I know it’s a holiday week and I think the most important thing is just to pause and thank our employees who have truly done yeoman’s work managing this company through a tremendous number of challenges and really delivering results.  So, thank you most of all to our employees and thank you to our shareholders for your support. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-08-26 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the J.M. Smucker Company's fiscal 2022 first quarter earnings question-and-answer session. This conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Aaron Broholm: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining our fiscal 2022 first quarter earnings question-and-answer session. I hope everyone has had a chance to review our results as detailed in this morning's press release and management's prerecorded remarks which are available on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, we will post an audio replay of this call at the conclusion of this morning's Q&A session.  
 During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we use non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements and details on our non-GAAP measures in this morning's press release.  
 Available today on the call is Mark Smucker, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tucker Marshall, Chief Financial Officer. We will now open the call for questions. Operator, please queue up the first question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. 
Andrew Lazar: I guess -- I'm sure there'll be plenty of discussion around inflation and cost and pricing and whatnot. So I'd like to focus a bit on your prepared remarks on the recovery of the Nutrish brand, which is lagging expectations. You mentioned currently evaluating additional actions to better position the business. I guess, are you able to unpack that a bit more for us? Are we talking about further potential portfolio sort of optimization moves or repositioning the brand or its pricing position in the category or really something else entirely? I'm just trying to get a better handle on sort of why it's lagging and what actions are being contemplated? 
Mark Smucker: Sure, Andrew. Thanks for the question. It's Mark Smucker. Let me just make a couple of very brief comments just about the business in general, and I will answer the Nutrish question. I just want to acknowledge, first of all, that we are very pleased with the results this quarter. It's our sixth quarter in a row of meeting or exceeding expectations. If you look at in the prepared remarks and you back out some of the noise in terms of divestitures and really look at an apples-to-apples, the total company grew 1%. All of our U.S. businesses grew and on a 2-year stack, we saw that 6% top line growth.  
 So the point here is that underlying business fundamentals remain strong, demand is still there. Our investments almost across every part of our business are working. Our brands are strong. I mean just looking at the share growth, 2/3 of our portfolio are growing. A couple of years ago, that was like 1/4 of our brands were growing. So we are very pleased with the progress and the way we've been able to execute throughout the last -- particularly the last 18 months in the pandemic.  
 And so really one of the only spots where we have not been satisfied is on Nutrish dry dog. Even the pet business itself grew in line with our algorithm. If you look on a 2-year stack, it's about a 3% growth. And we've said our algorithm is 3% to 4%. So we have been meeting that and seeing growth in dog snacks and cat food, et cetera. So really, we're isolated to Nutrish dry dog. We do remain committed to the brand. We have continued our portfolio and packaging optimizations.  
 We are -- it's still at the early stages of the Big Life launch. So we clearly believe that there is still potential for the brand. Specifically, though, we have not been satisfied with some of our marketing investments and feel that they have not delivered the requisite return. And so we are actually pulling back on some of those marketing investments, still supporting the master brand and Big Life, but making sure that the dollars we're spending there are truly going to make a difference, and we're going to pull back temporarily and reevaluate some of those investments. And so that's why we said the full recovery of the Nutrish brand will be delayed throughout the remainder of this fiscal year. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. 
Kenneth Goldman: I wanted to just dig in a little bit. One of the questions we're getting this morning is, not only on the first quarter but on the second quarter, the timing of shipments versus what we saw at Nielsen or really just takeaway overall beyond Nielsen as well. First, was there any mismatch between those 2 in the quarter just reported? And then does your outlook for the second quarter include any assumption that maybe some of your customers will buy a little bit ahead of some announced price increases? 
Tucker Marshall: Ken, as it relates to first quarter shipments, the first quarter from a big picture perspective came in line with expectations. But we did have 2 areas that were a bit softer than anticipated. One, due to labor and transportation issues throughout the entire network, there were some shipments left on the dock that occurred at the end of July that should pick up into August. And secondly, due to some specific situations with 2 e-commerce retailers, e-comm in the quarter was a little bit softer. So we would anticipate in the second quarter and beyond shipments to recover and then also a bit of return in the e-commerce channel. 
Kenneth Goldman: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then just quickly to follow-up on something. I appreciate you don't buy forward or hedge everything out. You may still have some exposure to spot markets each quarter. But I'm a little surprised why the near-term headwind is this much worse, right, in particular, for 2Q. So is there any way to help us order or size some of the incremental cost challenges, right, whether it's direct inputs for food stocks or packaging or labor? Just so we better understand a little bit what's hitting you harder than you initially thought. 
Tucker Marshall: Ken, as we came into the fiscal year, we were anticipating mid single-digit cost inflation as a percent of our total cost of goods sold. Now we're seeing high single-digit cost inflation as a percentage of our total cost of goods sold. The change from our initial expectation is really driven within our commodity ingredients area, transportation and then packaging.  
 And when you think of commodity ingredients, there have been a few factors that have been driving that. One is weather-related, so that would impact coffee, particularly with Brazil weather patterns. The second was also weather patterns in the West, specifically the Pacific Northwest that impacted fruit. So those are 2 areas of commodities or ingredients where we've seen inflation come through, particularly in the second half of our fiscal year. Transportation, due to the volatility and tightness of supply chain, continues to be real not only from a labor standpoint but also from a unit standpoint, and just an overall sort of backlog in the system that has persisted throughout the entire pandemic. And then on the packaging front, packaging continues to have the implications of just ongoing pricing pressures that continue candidly from the weather disruption that occurred in the winter time frame in Texas due to the freeze.  
 And so as a result of this persistent inflation, we continue to manage through very effectively not only through our supply chain and relationships with our suppliers and the great work by our teams, but we've got to acknowledge this inflation in our P&L and we need to recover it. And we are going to recover it through additional pricing actions this fiscal year that we anticipate in the second and third quarters in order to recover that. So we do believe this is a timing impact. And as a result of the timing impact, it should have pressure on the margin that we noted as well. But I do want to acknowledge 2 things. We remain confident in the way we've executed throughout the entire pandemic, and we will going forward. And I also want to acknowledge that this is not a symptom specific to Smucker. Candidly, this is a symptom specific to the entire economy. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Chris Growe from Stifel. 
Christopher Growe: I just had a quick question to follow up on some of the supply chain issues and kind of the labor-related issues. I guess I want to understand the degree to which those are an incremental factor in the lower gross margin outlook in relation to the inflation, is there one that's more than the other? Just how to frame those 2 in relation to the gross margin softness you're going to see relative to your previous guidance? 
Tucker Marshall: Chris, definitely, there are 2 factors that are driving the inflationary environment for us. One is just the underlying input commodity and ingredient. The second is transportation, as you have noted. And that has been a persistent headwind not only last fiscal year but it continues to be one this fiscal year. And again, it is predominantly driven by the availability of labor and it's also driven, to some extent, by the capacity of the system.  
 And so that's what we continue to manage through. We have been very successful in managing not only our long-term contracts but also our spot rate contracts as well. We continue to do our best. But as you bring material in, as you produce and you ship material out, the entire network right now is impacted from a transportation standpoint. And it is material. 
Christopher Growe: And so, Tucker, that transportation factor, is that half the gross margin decline? Is it that big? Or ingredient is a bigger factor? I'm just trying to get a relative size on how big each one could be? 
Tucker Marshall: No. The commodity and ingredient would be the leading factor. A very close secondary factor would be transportation and packaging if you're thinking in terms of order of magnitude. 
Christopher Growe: Okay. And then just a follow-on to that. Is this something that you can price to? And I mean from a high level, not looking at next quarter but just in general, do you view these costs as transitory? Or can you -- is there another round of pricing? Or are you adjusting your pricing increases to account for this incremental cost you're bearing? 
Mark Smucker: Sure, Chris. This is Mark. As we think about cost and pricing recovery, we really try to take a holistic view and make sure that, as we've said before, are working with our retail customers in a prudent and fair way to recover essentially the aggregate costs. And so when we look at costs and how they impact the finished product, we really look at that in totality. And as we go forward with our retail partners, just making sure that we have an open and transparent dialogue of what needs to happen so that we can indeed recover those costs through our entire tool kit, whether that's list price, net revenue optimization or what have you. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane: So I guess just a coffee -- or a question more specific to coffee and actually 2. One is just it sounds like -- or maybe I want to clarify that even coffee costs in the quarter were running higher. And I guess the fact that it's going to hit you seemingly reasonably soon, does it suggest that just maybe your hedges were at the end? Or you weren't hedged out as long as you normally were? Just trying to understand the dynamic of green coffee costs have clearly moved, but it seems to be impacting you pretty quickly. And so just if you can kind of walk us through I guess how you were positioned or hedged for higher coffee costs. 
Tucker Marshall: Bryan, as it relates to our cost position for the year, as we said, coming into our fiscal year, we knew that we would have year-over-year cost inflation, which was inclusive of our coffee portfolio as well. And we knew that, that inflation was going to begin to hit us on a 12-month basis and that we were taking initial pricing actions in July to begin to recover that initial wave of inflation. And so the margin in coffee for the quarter, but yet the margin for the entire business for the quarter does reflect that inflation ahead of the pricing recovery.  
 As you think about what's happened since our initial guidance, we began to have weather impacts in Brazil that began to affect the underlying commodity. And as a result of that, we've been managing through how we think about delivering the balance of the year. While we'd like to give you the specifics on our hedging position, we don't disclose that. But what we can share is, is that coffee costs have gone up and that we will take additional pricing actions and measures to ensure that we recover the inflationary impact that we're seeing to the P&L. 
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then I guess to the extent that the weather has been part of the issue, is there also a -- I guess, a question or pressure around just availability of green coffees? Are you concerned at all about just supply of raw material? 
Mark Smucker: Yes, Bryan, it's Mark. Generally speaking, the frost in Brazil, which is what Tucker was referring to, over a longer period, over a 12-month period is going to have some impact on the amount of coffee that's available. However, as one of the -- we are the largest roaster in the U.S. and one of the larger roasters in the world. We still would be able to get our needs met, but as Tucker referenced, it is going to be at higher prices, which we will continue to manage through our robust set of hedging tools. So we think we can manage through it, but just acknowledge that both just the Brazilian crop as well as some of the ongoing transportation issues are contributing to those costs. 
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And if I could just sneak one last one and just same topic on coffee. Just maybe if you can give us, Mark, some perspective on -- we've had other periods of time in coffee where there's been inflation and the industry has had to price it through and there's been some elasticity. Can you just maybe give us some context in terms of this current situation with costs rising and having to price it through and kind of where the consumer is? Do you expect like this to be an abnormal period in terms of prices going up and elasticity? Or is this a pretty normal sort of course of action for, again, a category that has that pass-through element? 
Mark Smucker: Sure. I guess the headline there would be that as we have managed through this initial phase of pricing, which is now in effect, the elasticities that we have modeled have generally performed as expected. We can't predict what green coffee is going to do over the long term in terms of costs, but we are certainly not at historical highs and so we would anticipate that as we think about further pricing actions and elasticity, that we should be able to manage through that. And even though no elasticity model is ever perfect, we do have confidence that we'll be able to manage through that in a realistic fashion. 
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. 
Alexia Howard: So can we ask about the -- what the key drivers of uncertainty are, what the biggest risks are, I guess, over the next few quarters? It seems as though the level of uncertainty around -- particularly around supply chain disruption and perhaps the fragility of the supply chain has increased. That feels somewhat different from previous commodity cycles where it was literally just having to handle increased cost pressures and pricing through. Other companies are also saying it's actually physically quite hard at the moment to get products from whether it's ingredients from overseas or whether it's shipping domestically in the U.S. because of the trucking situation. I'm just wondering what you see as the biggest sort of pain points and risks that you're looking at over the next few quarters. What the biggest concerns are at the moment? And I'll pass it on. 
Mark Smucker: Alexia, it's Mark. As we've discussed thus far, we've talked a lot about inflation and cost pressures, and that is of course the primary driver. And then the second one is supply chain, as you noted. I mean if we really want to simplify, it's primarily those 2 factors. There's a lot of unknowns, of course, about the pandemic and what course that may take, so we're watching that extremely carefully. 
 But as to the supply chain, specifically, we do believe that the reason that we have had success is because of our ability to execute and manage the supply chain. There is no question that it is tight and there are a variety of issues, tightness spanning from all the way upstream to all the way to the shelf at the retailer. But I would submit that our team and our people have done such a good job of managing every single step of the way, engaging with suppliers and customers all the way through to the retail shelf that has been key to our success. 
 And so much so that it has allowed us to actually gain distribution at shelf because we generally have been able to deliver to our customers. We've gained some space in recent shelf set resets because of our ability to execute. And so if you think about that factor coupled with our new commercial model, which is truly focused on the retail shelf and delivering, I think that really has been critical to how we've been able to deliver results thus far, and we would anticipate continuing those trends. 
Alexia Howard: And as a follow-up, can I ask about the magnitude of pricing that you're expecting across the portfolio? I mean, obviously, you've got pricing actions that have just gone into place. How much pricing do you anticipate being able to realize over the next few quarters or for the remainder of the fiscal year? And I'll pass it on. 
Tucker Marshall: Alexia, I think the way that we've articulated this consistently is that we're experiencing double-digit commodity inflation that is resulting in high single-digit cost of products, goods sold inflation, which is then resulting in kind of low to mid-single-digit pricing at the total company level. We haven't necessarily disclosed by each given commodity or business the pricing amounts or actions. But that sort of formula should be able to give you a sense. 
 And then I would also share that on an underlying organic basis, we are anticipating at the new guidance range to be up at about 2 points. And as a result of that, you're going to see some top line pricing being offset by some underlying volume as well. And so that should help you get a revised organic of about 2.5%. 
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Rob Dickerson from Jefferies. 
Robert Dickerson: Great. My first question is just a quick follow-up to Alexia's question on the kind of cadence for the year, and then just a question on the pricing. So Tucker, your last answer was helpful in terms of kind of how to think about that magnitude that we're seeing. But kind of more specifically, I'm just curious, can the coffee business actually grow revenue this year, right? And we always sometimes, let's say, see the top line can decline, but gross profit still growing. In this case, just given this near-term pressure on cost, I'm curious, could we be looking at a retail division that's flattish for the year, maybe down a little bit? Because I think that would help us also be able to rightsize the total company as we get through the year. 
Tucker Marshall: Rob, as it relates to coffee and its growth trajectory, I think what we would say is, is that we're probably anticipating kind of flat to up based on what we're seeing today. But that would be inclusive of additional pricing actions. I think it's difficult for us at this point to continue to break down each of the business units. I think we've talked about kind of an underlying organic for total company being up 2.5 points. 
 On the pricing front, just from a cadence standpoint, we took pricing in July. It's reflective, we've discussed that. We've also acknowledged that the additional pricing actions would likely come through in Q2 and Q3. So that also should give you a sense of timing as well. 
Mark Smucker: Rob, I would just -- it's Mark. I would just add one thing on coffee, which is you'll recall that our strategy has been to ensure, number one, that we're participating in all the segments of the category, but also continue to shift the portfolio to the growing segments. So in that case, that being Dunkin', Café Bustelo and K-Cups are all -- all 3 of those are outpacing the segment or the category -- we are outpacing the category, excuse me. And even the Folgers brand has continued to gain share and its growth, particularly in K-Cups, has been strong as well. So we feel like as the portfolio shifts, we are delivering against our strategy. 
Robert Dickerson: Okay. Fair enough. And the follow-up kind of flows to what you were just discussing, Mark. In the prepared remarks, again referencing the coffee business, there's a line that says came in a little bit lower than expectations, right? Just a little lighter. But then there's also the commentary around this increased distribution coming from Folgers. So I'm just trying to kind of rightsize that like why do you think maybe things were a little bit softer than you thought, but then also at the same time, what's really driving that increased distribution on Folgers brand? That's it. 
Mark Smucker: Yes. If you look at coffee on a 2-year basis, in that 2-year stack, we are seeing 8%. So that's obviously very strong. And the distribution gains that were referenced, I think, in the prepared remarks were relative to primarily recent some shelf resets as well as some new pickup at some key customers. So those -- we haven't seen those come through our P&L yet, but that will clearly be a help as we move forward. 
Tucker Marshall: Rob, and I will also just -- Rob, I would also remind you that a year ago, we were experiencing the continued momentum of the early stages of the pandemic into our first quarter and we had the inventory replenishment in the first quarter. So there is a big what we refer to as a COVID lap and particularly for your consumer and coffee businesses. 
Robert Dickerson: Yes. I mean, bottom line, it seems like you can get pricing in coffee that's obviously coming through again once you've lapped the inventory build in Q1 and you get some incremental distribution. It doesn't seem like we're thinking of drastic elasticity as we get through the year. Is that fair? I'll leave it at that. 
Tucker Marshall: The direction that you're sharing seems reasonable. 
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Jason English from Goldman Sachs. 
Jason English: Two quick questions. I know the magnitude of inflation pressure that you're facing in the industry, largest facing, continues to escalate, and it's certainly a lot larger than any of us anticipated a couple of quarters ago. But we've been talking about resumed inflation for about 9 months now, yet you've got almost no price -- not almost -- you have no price rolling through your P&L yet, including areas like pet, where you're actually lapping deflation in the prior year. So what's been the impediment in getting price in the system so far? 
Mark Smucker: There hasn't been any impediment, Jason. Most of the pricing was effective in July broadly, and it's now on shelf. So you're going to see that initial wave coming through in the second quarter. And as we work through some of the additional pricing across our business, as Tucker mentioned earlier, it will be effective likely in the end of the second quarter, the beginning of the third quarter. So yes, we are confident that we will be able to work through that, and that will be reflected. And I'm sorry, the first part of your question, I -- could you repeat? 
Jason English: You answered it. We're good, we're good. So let me actually flip to my second question then. It sounds like, Tucker, just sort of unpacking some of the comments you've made already: pricing, somewhere plus/minus 4%; implying volumes, somewhere minus 1.5 points or so. That looks like a lower elasticity function than you've historically had, which -- I compare it to your trade spend, and last year in your 10-K you disclosed, it's now 39% of sales, which is up, what, 800 basis points from 5 years ago. So you're now seem to be a lot more reliant on promotions to drive volume than you used to be. You look to be the only companies who actually didn't benefit from lower trade rates during COVID. And in the context of that sort of promotional dependence, shouldn't we expect elasticity to be higher than it historically has? What gives you confidence in underwriting sort of a lower elasticity function than history? 
Tucker Marshall: Jason, I would say that on a year-over-year basis, pricing is going to contribute sort of up to mid single-digit growth. And it's going to be offset by sort of low single-digit growth of volume/mix/other. And what you have to be careful about in the volume/mix/other is, one, it's underlying business momentum for the Smucker's Uncrustables brand, continued advancement of Café Bustelo and Dunkin' and advancement of our pet snacks portfolio, along with a return in the Away From Home business. 
 But then it is offset by a decrease in at-home consumption. It is also offset by supply chain disruption, which we are experiencing through our pet food portfolio, particularly in wet pet, and it's also offset by any additional trader promotion like you've talked about. But that trader promotion isn't the biggest bucket of what's causing sort of that change. And then lastly is I would just acknowledge that in our volume mix bucket, we also have factored in price elasticities for our pricing actions across the portfolio. 
Jason English: Okay. Got it. So there's some nice mix benefits in there to contemplate. It's not -- you're not expecting volumes to only be down 1.5 or so. I think that's the answer, correct? 
Tucker Marshall: Correct. There's a big bucket in there, to your point, where there's more than one variable. 
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Pamela Kaufman from Morgan Stanley. 
Pamela Kaufman: Can you elaborate on the factors that contributed to the sizable margin pressure in the pet segment this quarter? This was the lowest operating margin that you've reported in the segment to date. And how are you thinking about your outlook for segment profitability over the course of the year? 
Tucker Marshall: Pam, as it relates to the profitability margin for the pet food segment in the first quarter, you are correct, it did experience a decline quarter-over-quarter. I think you have to acknowledge the cost inflationary pressures in that business driven by the underlying commodities such as animal fats and proteins, along with the impact of transportation. And again, that was ahead of any pricing benefit due to pricing actions that were taken in July. 
 So we would anticipate that the profitability in pet food come back in the back half of the year as pricing begins to reflect a half a year benefit against sort of a partial year first half, and then it will be down year-over-year due to the timing of price recovery against cost inflation. 
Pamela Kaufman: Got it. And then I guess related to that, how are you thinking about your ability to take pricing in pet at a time when the business is underperforming your expectations? 
Mark Smucker: Pam, we have been able to take pricing and pass that through. And as we observe the market, we have seen our peers and competitors do similarly. And so we have confidence that we will continue to do that. And just reminding that pet snacks is really a key part of our strategy, and we do lead there. So we are clearly not only in pet snacks but in other portions of our business have been able to do so. So again, just to point, the headline being that our pet business is performing to expectations with the exception of Nutrish. And so we have delivered against our algorithm on pet. 
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Ryan Bell from Consumer Edge Research. 
Ryan Bell: I was just wondering how you're thinking about some of the structural changes to your demand, not particularly around breakfast and lunch and pet snacks given some of the incremental at-home activity that we've seen. And how is this reflected in your guidance? 
Mark Smucker: Ryan, thanks for the question. It's Mark Smucker again. As I started at the beginning of the Q&A, the demand has generally remained strong. I mean using coffee as an example, 75% of cups consumed are still consumed at home and a lot more brewers in place. Clearly, there are more pets out there. And so pet snacks will continue to do -- will continue to meet our expectations because consumers will continue to treat their pets. And so that will be another one. 
 And then, of course, as I've discussed in the past, even post pandemic, however we define that, one thing is certain which is career professionals are going to continue to work from home more than they did pre pandemic. And that will benefit us because it speaks specifically to breakfast and lunch occasions. So particularly in our spreads, peanut butter and jelly as well as our Uncrustables business, we would expect that to be a positive factor on our businesses. 
Ryan Bell: Is there any sense for the magnitude of some of those impacts that you're modeling into your guidance? Or is that a little bit less so for fiscal 2022 and it's more of a longer-term question? 
Tucker Marshall: Ryan, we are anticipating continued momentum in at-home consumption and our coffee portfolio, as Mark acknowledged, and our consumer portfolio also driven by the Uncrustables brand along with the pet dynamics. And so as we continue to see how the pandemic plays out, as we continue to ensure the investment and reinvestment in our brands for the long-term health of our business and therefore for the benefit of at-home consumption and the stickiness of households that we've gained, we hope to continue that momentum in this fiscal year and beyond. Today is probably not the time to quantify what we think that is, but the momentum that we've generated continues to perform. 
Ryan Bell: That's helpful. And then last question for me. Where do you stand having a normalized SKU assortment given some of the supply chain issues that have been experienced? 
Tucker Marshall: Ryan, what we continue to focus on are 2 things: one is advancement of our strategy and a component of advancing the strategy is our portfolio reshape. And a component of the portfolio reshape is making sure that we have the right SKUs in order to advance the given brand or category and that we would eliminate any unperforming or nonperforming SKUs. And so that remains consistent in any financial plan. 
 And then I would say beyond that, we do continue to look at our inventory levels from a working capital standpoint so that we can continue to ensure that we have the right level of raw material and finished goods in support of our supply chain, but also in support of our customers and consumers. And so those are 2 areas where we continue to focus on in the near term. But right now, we feel very comfortable with the assortment that we have behind the business. 
Operator: I will now turn the floor back over to management to conclude. 
Mark Smucker: Thank you for your time and interest in our call this morning. We do remain confident in our strategy and the delivery of our business, the underlying fundamentals and the fact that we are still able to continue to invest in our business to ensure that we deliver against our strategy. So we hope that many of you will be able to join us virtually for our presentation at the Barclays Global Consumer Staples Conference in a couple of weeks, and hope everyone has a great day and a good weekend. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-06-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2021 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will open the conference up for questions and answers after the prepared remarks. Please limit yourself to two questions during the Q&A session, and re-queue if you have additional questions. I will now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for our fiscal 2021 fourth quarter earnings conference call. In a moment, Mark Smucker, President and CEO will give an overview of the quarter's results and an update on our strategic initiatives. Tucker Marshall, our CFO, will then provide a detailed analysis of the financial results and our fiscal 2022 outlook. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning's press release, which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. We also posted a slide deck summarizing the quarterly results, including additional information regarding net sales by segment and cost of products sold for fiscal 2021. Included in the slide deck are schedules summarizing net sales, excluding divestitures for fiscal years 2019 through 2021. The slides will be archived on our website along with a replay of this call. Additionally, please note we use non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally, as detailed in the press release. If you have additional questions after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Fiscal 2021 was a year like no other. In the face of unprecedented challenges, we delivered outstanding results. Moreover, we believe the business is at an inflection point and we are delivering against our strategic and executional plans. We are emerging from the pandemic, along with recent strategic actions, a much stronger company. From the outset of the pandemic, we prioritized the well-being of our employees, funded relief activities for our communities and produced a record amount of products for consumers and their pets. Our people are resilient and moved with speed and agility to adapt our business, all while executing our consumer-centric growth strategy and making progress toward our four execution priorities; these are, driving commercial excellence, streamlining our cost infrastructure, reshaping our portfolio, and unleashing our organization to win. These priorities are essential to position our Company for sustainable long-term growth. I'll first share some examples of the progress we are making toward our priorities before turning to a few highlights from the fourth quarter and our fiscal year 2022 outlook. Our first execution priority is driving commercial excellence. Throughout the past year, significant changes in our industry demand a rethink of CPG commercial models. We adapted our approach to deliver what customers' and consumers' need and want more efficiently. These changes included standing up a new sales model with two distinct teams; one focused on pet and the other on our Consumer Foods and Coffee businesses. The benefits from improved in-store execution and leveraging insights combined with additional advertising and improved reach through new digital media models have been a driving factor for our market share gains. Our new commercial delivery model also includes an increased focus on e-commerce, which, for the full year, accounted for 12% of our U.S. retail net sales. These investments in our commercial capabilities provide a competitive advantage as we partner with retailers. They also enable seamless and highly targeted consumer experiences from awareness to purchase and strong repeat purchasing. Consumers remained loyal to our brands as we maintained the 1 million net new households gained in the prior year, while dollars per buyer increased 10%. Over the past year, we increased our marketing investment by nearly $40 million or 8%. Most importantly, we significantly improved our market share performance where today 55% of the brands in our portfolio are growing market share versus 26%, 18 months ago. This is the sixth quarter of sequential share performance improvement for our portfolio. We also made significant progress on our second priority, to increase focus on profitability and cost discipline. We restructured our corporate support functions, leading to a more lean and agile organization while continuing to optimize our supply chain and maximize network production efficiencies. Full implementation of these initiatives will deliver $50 million of incremental cost savings in each of the next three fiscal years. One example where we are driving efficiency in our supply chain is with our high growth Dunkin' coffee. The pandemic-driven surge in demand required us to increase agility and decrease production downtime and changeover. This led to operational efficiencies and incremental capacity for our coffee production, which supported 21% sales growth for the brand this year. Our third execution priority, to reshape our portfolio, supports our strategy of leading in the best categories. We made excellent progress reshaping our portfolio this year, having completed our exit of the U.S. baking category with the sale of the oils and shortening business following prior divestitures of the U.S. baking mix and condensed milk businesses. In the pet business, we divested the specialty channel exclusive Natural Balance brand. These decisions show our commitment to divesting brands and businesses that are no longer consistent with our long-term strategic focus. In turn, this allows us to optimize assortment to maximize productivity, reduce complexity, and shift resources to our fastest growing opportunities. We continue to evaluate opportunities to increase our portfolio's focus in the pet food, coffee, and snacking categories. Further, acquisitions will remain a part of our strategic growth and we will be prudent when considering them, ensuring we focus on appropriate multiples paid and financial returns in their evaluation. Our fourth execution priority, unleashing our organization to win powers the first three priorities. The strength of the Smucker culture has always been a unique differentiator in achieving growth and is a critical component of our future. With the impact of my new leadership team and through the additional organization changes implemented this past year, we are more lean, agile and focused on delivering with excellence and winning in the marketplace. We're also increasing our focus on becoming a more inclusive and diverse company at every level of the organization. These four priorities are critical to ensuring we maintain our momentum and were critical to our record fiscal 2021 results with full year net sales increasing 3%. Net sales grew 5% when excluding the prior year sales for divested businesses and foreign currency exchange. Fiscal '21 adjusted earnings per share was $9.12, an increase of 4%, exceeding our most recent guidance range of $8.70 to $8.90. Free cash flow was $1.26 billion, above our most recent expectations of $1.1 billion. Our strong financial performance accelerated elements of our capital deployment strategy to support increased shareholder value. We returned $1.1 billion of capital to shareholders this year in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We increased our dividend for the 19th consecutive year, and through share repurchases, reduced our shares outstanding by approximately 5% on a full year basis. And, we repaid over $860 million of debt during the fiscal year, strengthening our balance sheet to provide flexibility for a balanced approach to reinvesting in the business and returning cash to shareholders. Turning to the fourth quarter, we delivered results ahead of our expectations while accelerating investments for future growth. Net sales declined 8% versus the prior year. Excluding the non-comparable net sales from divestitures and foreign exchange, net sales decreased 3% due to lapping the initial stock-up surge related to the COVID-19 pandemic. As we are lapping the COVID-19 related demand in the prior year, we believe evaluating results over the prior two-year period is more meaningful. Adjusting for divestitures, net sales grew at a two-year CAGR of 4%, demonstrating growth across all three of our U.S. retail segments. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share declined 26%, primarily driven by the decreased sales, $40 million of incremental marketing investments, and higher costs, partially offset by higher pricing. Turning to our segment results. In pet food, we anticipated sales to be down due to lapping stock-up purchasing in the prior year. Net sales, excluding sales for the divested Natural Balance business, decreased 6% and demonstrated growth on a two-year basis. While pet food consumption was not materially impacted by at-home versus away-from-home eating trends, as in other categories, the pandemic did impact how consumers shop for their pets such as accelerated growth in e-commerce channels. Also, the total U.S. pet population grew by an estimated high single-digit percentage this past year, with new pet parents showing a willingness to spend more for their pets compared to historical trends. We expect top line growth on a comparable basis for the pet business in fiscal '22, supported by higher pricing, category growth, continued marketing support and innovation for our leading Treats portfolio and premium food offerings. Turning to our coffee business, net sales were comparable to the prior year despite lapping the COVID-19 stock-up purchasing and demonstrated growth on a two-year basis. Consumer adoption of K-Cups continues to grow with 3 million incremental households purchasing a Keurig machine last year. In the last 52 weeks, retail sales of our brands grew 17%. This was over twice the category rate and we gained over a point of share. Our share gains further accelerated in more recent periods as all our brands continue to grow, including Folgers. Cafe Bustelo and Dunkin' are the two fastest growing brands in the coffee category. Over the last 52 weeks, Cafe Bustelo retail sales grew 21% and Dunkin' grew 16%. The Dunkin' brand representing $1 billion in all channel retail sales dollars was a top share gainer in the coffee category, growing nearly triple the total at-home coffee category rate in measured channels over the last 52 weeks. The Folgers brand gained 3 million new households at the height of the pandemic and has the highest repeat rate of any brand for new households gained during the pandemic. We will continue to build off this momentum with initiatives to reinvigorate the iconic brand rolling out in the second half of fiscal year '22. As new coffee habits form during the pandemic, we anticipate retaining a substantial portion of these new consumers for the long-term. In our Consumer Foods business, net sales decreased due to the Crisco divestiture and increased 1% on a comparable basis and reflected strong growth on a two-year basis. Smucker's Uncrustables frozen sandwiches continued to deliver exceptional growth with net sales and household penetration each increasing 16% in the quarter. For our combined U.S. Retail and Away From Home segments, the Uncrustables brand delivered nearly $130 million of net sales this quarter, recording its 28th consecutive quarter of growth. The brand delivered over $400 million of net sales this year and is on track to exceed our $500 million target in fiscal year 2023. Across our retail businesses, we delivered strong financial results this year, while significantly increasing investments in our brands, strengthening our balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders, all of which are key building blocks for supporting long-term growth and increasing shareholder value. I'll briefly touch on the current supply chain and cost environments. Our operations have run efficiently and we have had no material disruptions to date. We continue to monitor global supply chain challenges, specifically as it relates to the availability of transportation, labor and certain materials. Broad based inflation is impacting many of the commodities, packaging materials and transportation channels that are important to our business. We are mitigating the impacts through a combination of higher pricing inclusive of list price increases, reduced trade and net revenue optimization strategies as well as continued cost management. We have recently implemented net price increases across all business segments with most becoming effective during the month of July. Let me now provide additional details on our outlook for fiscal 2022. As the U.S. emerges from the pandemic, we believe elevated at-home consumption for our brands will continue into fiscal 2022. Our confidence is supported by the increased pet population, elevated work-from-home benefiting breakfast and lunch occasions, and consumer's investments in at-home brewing equipment. Lapping sales from divested businesses will have a material impact on year-over-year net sales growth in fiscal 2022. When excluding the non-comparable net sales, we anticipate top line growth supported by higher net pricing, the continued momentum of our brands, and a significant recovery in our away-from-home business. Year-over-year earnings per share is expected to decline. The growth in comparable sales and benefits from cost savings programs are anticipated to be more than offset by the impact of higher costs and the timing of pricing actions as well as the loss of earnings from divestitures. On a two-year basis, we expect growth for both comparable net sales as well as adjusted EPS, as we continue to demonstrate underlying growth for the business. Finally, as we emerge from the pandemic with a heightened focus on health and wellness, we remain dedicated to having a positive impact on our employees, our communities and our planet. This includes supporting the quality of life for people and pets, strengthening the communities we serve both locally and globally, and ensuring a positive impact on our planet with a focus on sustainable and ethical sourcing. We look forward to sharing more details, including the achievement of our 2020 environmental targets and information regarding our new ESG goals when we release our Corporate Impact Report this summer. In summary, I would like to reinforce three key points. First, we continue to deliver strong financial results and our actions to deliver our priorities are leading to improvement in key metrics, including market share that position us well for the future. Second, we are reshaping our portfolio to increase our focus on faster growth opportunities within pet food, coffee and snacking. And finally, we are sharpening our focus on cost management and becoming a more efficient and agile organization. We are exiting this pandemic a stronger company and our actions taken over the previous year support consistent delivery of long-term growth and shareholder value. This will be achieved by leveraging our strong portfolio of brands and world-class commercial capabilities, all of which are powered by our unique culture and dedicated employees, who I would like to thank again for their outstanding contributions. I'll now, turn the call over to Tucker.
Tucker Marshall: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin by giving an overview of fourth quarter results which finished above our expectations. Then, I'll provide additional details on our financial outlook for fiscal 2022. Net sales decreased 8%. Excluding the impact of divestitures and foreign exchange, net sales decreased 3%. This was primarily driven by unfavorable volume mix due to lapping the prior year stock-up during the beginning of the pandemic, most notably for pet food and our Canadian baking business. Higher net price realization was a 1 percentage point benefit, primarily driven by peanut butter and our pet business. Adjusted gross profit decreased $79 million or 10% from the prior year. This was mostly driven by unfavorable volume mix, the non-comparable impact of the divested businesses and higher costs, partially offset by the higher net pricing. Adjusted operating income decreased $120 million or 28%, reflecting the decreased gross profit and higher SD&A expenses. The increase in SD&A expense was primarily driven by increased marketing investments and incentive compensation, partially offset by reduced selling and distribution costs. Below operating income, interest expense decreased $3 million and the adjusted effective income tax rate was 23.3% compared to 23.4% in the prior year. Factoring all this in along with share repurchases that resulted in a weighted average shares outstanding of 108.9 million, fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share was $1.89. I'll now turn to fourth quarter segment results beginning with U.S. retail pet foods. Net sales decreased 12% versus the prior year. Excluding the non-comparable net sales for the divested Natural Balance business, net sales decreased 6% versus the prior year. Net sales grew at a 2% CAGR on a two-year basis, excluding the divestiture. Dog snacks continue to perform well, decreasing just 1% in the fourth quarter after a growth of 12% in the prior year. Cat food decreased 4% following 18% growth in the prior year. Dog food net sales decreased 15% reflecting anticipated declines versus the prior year. Pet food segment profit declined 32%, primarily reflecting lower volume mix, increased marketing investments and increased freight and transportation costs, partially offset by higher net pricing. Turning to the coffee segment; net sales were comparable to the prior year and increased 5% on a two-year CAGR basis. The Dunkin' and Cafe Bustelo brands grew 10% and 18% respectively, offset by a 7% decline for the Folgers brand, which benefited the most from consumer stocking-up on coffee in the prior year. For our K-Cup portfolio, net sales increased 14% and accounted for over 30% of the segment's net sales with growth across each brand in the portfolio. Coffee segment profit decreased 9% primarily driven by increased marketing expense. In Consumer Foods, net sales decreased 13%. Excluding the prior year non-comparable net sales for the divested Crisco business, net sales increased 1%. On a two-year CAGR basis, net sales excluding the divestiture grew at a 9% rate. The fourth quarter comparable net sales increase relative to the prior year was driven by higher net pricing of 4% primarily due to a list price increase for peanut butter in the second quarter, partially offset by unfavorable volume mix of 3%. Growth was led by the Smucker's Uncrustables frozen sandwiches, which grew 16%. Consumer Foods segment profit decreased 29%, primarily reflecting the non-comparable profit from the divested Crisco business, higher costs and increased marketing expense, partially offset by the higher net pricing. Lastly, in international and away-from-home, net sales declined 7%. Excluding the prior year non-comparable net sales for the divested Crisco business, net sales declined 5%. The away-from-home business increased 7% on a comparable net sales basis, primarily driven by increases in portion control products. International declines of 15% on a comparable net sales basis were primarily driven by declines in baking, partially offset by pet food and snacks. On a comparable two-year CAGR basis, net sales for the combined businesses declined at a rate of 2%. Overall, international and away-from-home segment profit decreased 30%, primarily driven by lower volume mix, partially offset by a net benefit of price and costs and favorable foreign currency exchange. Fourth quarter free cash flow was $183 million, an increase in cash provided by operating activities was more than offset by a $31.6 million increase in capital expenditures. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $108 million with the increase over the prior year primarily related to the capacity expansion for Uncrustables frozen sandwiches. On a full year basis, free cash flow was $1.26 billion with capital expenditures of $307 million, representing 3.8% of net sales. In the fourth quarter, repurchases of 1.5 million common share is settled for $174 million. Over the course of the fiscal year, we repurchased 5.8 million shares for $678 million, reducing our outstanding share count by approximately 5%. We finished the year with cash and cash equivalent balances of $334 million compared to the prior year-end of $391 million. We paid down $84 million of debt during the quarter and $866 million for the full year, ending the year with a gross debt balance of $4.8 billion. Based on a trailing 12-month EBITDA of approximately $1.8 billion, our leverage ratio stands at 2.6 times. We anticipate maintaining a strong balance sheet and leverage ratio, enabling a balanced capital deployment model, which include strategic reinvestment in the business through capital expenditures and acquisitions while returning cash to shareholders through increasing dividends and evaluating share repurchases over time. Let me now provide additional color on our outlook for fiscal 2022. The pandemic and related implications along with cost inflation and volatility in supply chains continues to cause uncertainty for the fiscal year 2022 outlook. Any manufacturing or supply chain disruption as well as changes in consumer mobility and purchasing behavior, retailer inventory levels and macroeconomic conditions could materially impact actual results. We continue to focus on managing the elements we can control, including taking the necessary steps to minimize the impact of cost inflation and any business disruption. As always, we will continue to plan for unforeseen volatility while ensuring we have contingency plans in place. This guidance reflects performance expectations based on the Company's current understanding of the overall environment. Net sales are expected to decrease 2% to 3% compared to the prior year, including lapping of sales from the divested Crisco and Natural Balance businesses. On a comparable basis, net sales are expected to increase approximately 2% at the midpoint of the sales guidance range. This reflects benefits from higher pricing actions across multiple categories, primarily to recover increased commodity and input costs along with continued double-digit sales growth for the Smucker's Uncrustables brand and a recovery in Away From Home channels, partially offset by a deceleration in at-home consumption trends. We anticipate full year gross profit margin of 37% to 37.5%, which reflects an 85 basis point decline at the midpoint versus the prior year. This factors in higher net pricing effective in the month of July along with cost and productivity savings and a mix benefit associated with the divestitures. This will be more than offset by higher costs experienced throughout the full year. These cost increases are driven by a high single-digit increase from commodities, ingredients, and packaging. SD&A expenses are projected to be favorable by approximately 4%, reflecting savings generated by cost management and organizational restructuring programs, a reset of incentive compensation, and total marketing spend of 6% to 6.5% of net sales which reflects a step down from fiscal year 2021, partially driven by programs that were pulled forward into the fourth quarter. We anticipate net interest expense of approximately $170 million and an adjusted effective income tax rate of approximately 24%, along with a full year weighted average share count of 108.3 million. Taking all these factors into consideration, we anticipate full year adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $8.70 to $9.10. At the midpoint of our guidance range, year-over-year adjusted EPS is anticipated to decline 2% mostly attributable to around a $0.20 net impact of divested earnings and the timing of benefits from shares repurchased. Approximately one-third of the share repurchase benefit was recognized in fiscal 2021. The adjusted earnings per share guidance further reflects benefits from the increase in comparable net sales primarily due to pricing actions, along with the Company's cost management and organizational restructuring programs which are expected to fully offset higher commodity, ingredient and packaging costs and the timing of input cost recovery. Given the timing of cost increases and recovery through higher net pricing as well as a shift in timing of marketing expenses, earnings are anticipated to decline in the first half of the fiscal year, most notably in the first quarter with an anticipated decrease of over 20%. We project free cash flow of approximately $900 million with capital expenditures of $380 million for the year. The increase for capital expenditures primarily relates to capacity expansion for Smucker's Uncrustables. Other key assumptions affecting cash flow include depreciation expense of $230 million, amortization expense of $220 million, share-based compensation expense of $35 million, and restructuring costs of $25 million which includes $15 million of non-cash charges. On a two-year basis, our full year guidance reflects net sales, excluding divestitures, to grow at a 3% to 4% CAGR and modest adjusted earnings per share growth at the midpoint of the guidance range. The two-year growth reflects the recovery of earnings related to the divested businesses through both organic growth and shares repurchased and accounts for the lapping of the unprecedented stock-up purchasing during the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. In closing, I am incredibly proud of our employees who continue to deliver exceptional financial results. Because of their dedication, our business has strong momentum and we've positioned ourselves better than ever to serve the needs of consumers and their pets. With continued financial discipline, we are committed to delivering sustainable and consistent long-term value for our shareholders. Thank you for your time. We will now open the call for questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The question and answer session will begin at this time. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for the question.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: To start off, maybe with the inflation outlook, it's not surprising that your '22 guidance leans more heavily on the sales growth rather than the margin to kind of reach your EPS targets. Do you see the expectation for organic sales growth in '22 as a target with maybe the appropriate level of conservatism built in? And if so, sort of what underpins your confidence in this outcome given the comparisons and the still weaker performance in pet that you're still working on sort of turning around and things of that nature? And then I've just got a follow-up. Thanks.
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, good morning. You are correct. On a comparable net sales basis, we are intending on being up about 2% at the midpoint of our guidance range. That growth is predominantly driven by the benefits of higher net price realization that we will see in the second quarter and beyond for the balance of the fiscal year. But underlying that, we do see some organic growth through our portfolio. As you think about the continued momentum of the Uncrustables brand within the consumer business, as you think about the advancement of both Cafe Bustelo and Dunkin' in coffee and then you also think about the performance of our pet snacks business within the pet portfolio, and then we are anticipating on seeing a return of growth within the away-from-home business which we experienced in the fourth quarter. And then, I would also share that despite the continued at-home consumption that we intend to experience, we are also factoring any deceleration there as well that is factored into our top line along with some price elasticities due to the increase that we are taking throughout the portfolio on the price front. So, that's how we're seeing the composition of the top line at this point. I'll pause and see if Mark has anything else from a strategic front.
Mark Smucker: I think Tucker answered that very well.
Andrew Lazar: Great. And then, you mentioned planning for elasticities and such, and I think you had mentioned that in terms of the balance -- in terms of the organic sales growth you expect between price and volume that, it will be primarily pricing, which makes sense given the actions that you've taken but that suggest that you still do you expect, I guess some -- even though it might be very modest, sort of volume improvement in '22 as well on an organic basis. Did I -- am I hearing that correctly? I just want to make sure.
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, I think if you work through the math what you'll find out is that the pricing -- the price increase that is being taken is being reduced by some down volume on a year-over-year basis, because of factoring in the deceleration and increased at-home consumption, along with the potential price elasticity assumption that we've made there. So when you look at volume, mix, other, we would intend for that to be down in a low single-digit basis.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much to everybody.
Mark Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Hi, I had just two questions for you. I didn't want to ask about your ability to rebuild inventory as it's something you've been and the industry has been kind of chasing here throughout the past year. Can I just to get a sense of maybe where those stand and then if you expect those to rebuild back to let's call it normal levels, in line with your sales by the end of the year?
Mark Smucker: Hey Chris, this is Mark. Thanks for the question. I have been incredibly proud of this team and how they've been managing through the supply challenges of the past 16 months or so. I think we have fared very well in the scheme of things in just -- just in terms of our supply meeting demand. It has not been easy. But again, I think we have continued to perform reasonably well. It will take us the better part of the front half of the year for our inventories to get back to what we would consider sort of normal levels. But again, just managing the supply-demand dynamics on a daily, if not hourly, basis has really allowed us to perform.
Chris Growe: Okay, thank you. And then just one other question I have for you, which is in relation to your expectation for SD&A costs to be down 4% for the year, that's a little bit more than decline in sales. What I'm trying to ultimately get to is that you have that cost savings program in place for this year, you talked about some restructuring and some things -- some lower cost coming through there. Is that -- so that $50 million number that we were looking at before, is that primarily coming through SD&A or is that also flow through in cost of goods sold? Just to understand kind of where those costs are coming through and is that still a good number for lower cost for the year?
Tucker Marshall: Chris, as you think about the SD&A change year-over-year and the decrease, that's primarily driven by our ongoing cost and margin management programs, inclusive of our organizational realignment. And so you would see a portion of that $50 million come through. That is also inclusive of us continuing to sharpen the pencil on our marketing spend, not only from a non-working perspective, but also from a timing of marketing spend, where we spend a bit more in the fourth quarter. And so that's what you're seeing coming through. And then lastly, I would just acknowledge that we did have an incentive compensation reset as well year-over-year due to the strong performance in FY '21.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ken Goldman from J.P. Morgan. Your line is now live.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning. Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Ken Goldman: One of the questions I'm getting today is, if your expectation for volume and mix is may be slightly optimistic for this year? I think you said to expect it to be down low-single digits. But when I look at it, you're guiding to a pretty big increase in Uncrustables, maybe over $100 million. That adds, again very rough math, 1.5% or so to your volume. And that, I guess, would imply that the rest of your business will be down maybe closer to mid-single digit, which doesn't really seem that aggressive to me. So, I just wanted to make sure that I'm thinking about that math in the right way that really for coffee and pet and everything excluding Uncrustables, you are kind of considering something in that low maybe closer to mid-single digit volume mix decline for this year?
Tucker Marshall: Yes. Ken, I would break it down this way and maybe just take it by each of the businesses to help you -- answer your question, I think in consumer, what we are seeing is continued growth across the Uncrustables brand as you've noted. I think what you're seeing is, continued momentum in the spreads business, but that should be down year-over-year just due to the lapping of the unprecedented year. And then, you come into the coffee portfolio, we should continue to see growth and strength in the Cafe Bustelo and Dunkin' Brands, but you will see a deceleration in the Folgers brand because of just the intense stock up in consumption throughout the year. But we still believe in the strength of that brand and its underlying performance. As you come into the pet category, we should continue to demonstrate growth in pet snacks across that portfolio and then continue to work through the performance not only on Meow Mix and its delivery, but also in the stabilization of just the overall dog food portfolio. And so, what we have thought about in crafting the volume/mix side of this is; is just one, the year-over-year impact of just deceleration and at-home consumption. What we've also considered is, is how we can continue to advance the momentum in the business due to what we've captured through the pandemic. And then lastly is that we just acknowledge that we've had to take into effect some price elasticities as we've taken pricing across basically the entire portfolio. And then lastly, I don't want to leave out the Away From Home or Canadian businesses, but we intend, particularly for Away From Home to come back to growth. We're kind of anticipating that growth return to get to kind of 80% to 90% of pre-pandemic levels.
Ken Goldman: Okay. That is helpful. And then my follow up is also on Uncrustables, probably because that's where my model was most off. But Mark, you talked about Uncrustables, you gave some numbers. I think a $130 million in the quarter, $400 million for the year. You mentioned these numbers, I think in the context of your retail consumer segment. I just wanted to confirm though that these are figures for the entire business, right, including international and Away From Home? So if that's the case, can you remind us what the rough breakout is of those sales in that consumer business versus Away From Home? Thank you for that.
Mark Smucker: Yes, you're right, Ken. It is the total Uncrustables business, those numbers, and it's approximately a 70-30 split between retail and Away From Home. We continue to bring new capacity online to make sure that we're meeting demand, so that's why we continue to have a lot of optimism around that brand.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Rob Dickerson from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Rob Dickerson: Great, thanks so much. So, I guess first question I have is just on the trade. I think, Mark, you had mentioned or maybe it was Tucker, part of the offset of the cost inflation is reduced trade. I'm just curious if you could provide some color as to kind of how you -- how you view the trade spend environment currently, just kind of given what seems to be kind of a light year last year vis-à-vis cost inflation? So if you would be, let's say, spending a bit less on trade, do you kind of believe then it's likely that the industry itself is kind of headed that way this year just given other costs? Then I have a follow-up.
Mark Smucker: Hey Rob, it's Mark. The trade environment as we see it is generally returning to normal. I would remind you guys that trade is one of the levers we use for pricing. And depending on our underlying costs and where our trade levers are, we could use that lever in our pricing actions. But you will see net pricing across almost all of our categories come through likely in the second quarter as a lot of our pricing actions will be taking effect in July. But for the most part, the trade environment is not dissimilar from what it has been historically.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, fair enough. And then, Tucker, more of a housekeeping question, but feel like I need to ask. It looks like what's implied in the EPS guidance is kind of a sizable derivative gain. So maybe if you could -- and I just didn't hear you touch on that in the prepared remarks. Maybe if you could just kind of touch on what that is? And then kind of given how those gains are recorded, is there volatility potential in that gain or is sort of what you wind up seeing as of April-end fiscal '21 essentially booked for '22? And that's it, thank you.
Tucker Marshall: No. Rob, good morning. And again, I appreciate the question. Candidly, we've gotten it from some others. So hopefully it helps clarify for the whole group. What likely you've read in the press release and our supplemental pages in the back is our reconciliation table and when we have the line item that says derivative gains and losses, that is not a new line item in our guidance table. It has been a consistent approach over the years. And what we attempted to do this year was improve the financial reporting disclosure on that line item. So, I would encourage you and others to read the footnote there that fully describes what that line item is, and again, its consistency overtime. But more specific to your question, you're likely referring to the $0.43 benefit. What that is, is it's unallocated derivative activity both hedging gains and losses that are held at corporate that will ultimately be released during the upcoming financial period in order to match a future cost. And so, those two items go hand in hand in order to deliver the guidance range of $8.70 to $9.10.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Peter Galbo from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Peter Galbo: Hey guys, good morning. Thank you for taking the questions.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Peter Galbo: Just -- Tucker, just want to marry some of the comments you made around the 1Q EPS decline of around 20% to the guidance on gross margins. Just, am I thinking about it right that the 85 basis points for the year of gross margin decline, you should see something on the order of, I don't know, 200 basis points to 250 basis points decline in the first quarter, then?
Tucker Marshall: Yes. So, maybe just pulling up for a second, what we are experiencing in the delivery of our fiscal year this year is two components of timing. The first component of timing is that we are seeing inflationary costs impacting the entire fiscal year with the predominance, almost 60% of that impact, occurring to us in the front half of the fiscal year or the first half of the fiscal year. But more importantly, in the first quarter is the predominance of that. And we have taken pricing action that will be reflected in the month of July, but really is having a three quarters impact. And so as a result of that, 60% of the pricing benefit that we're seeing is really coming in the back half of the fiscal year. And so, as a result of that, matching of the cost and the price recovery you're seeing the impact on the gross profit margin, not only for the first quarter, to your point, but also for the front half of the fiscal year, with improvement in the back half of the fiscal year. And so, to your point, you will see the gross profit diminution in Q1 and to some extent in Q2 and then you'll see the recovery in Q3 and Q4.
Peter Galbo: Got it. No, that's very helpful. Thank you. And then just, the second question on the topic of share repurchase, just given where the leverage profile sits and the cash flow that you're still expecting to generate this year. From a timing standpoint, should we be thinking about once you're through maybe some of the cost headwinds that would be how you would think about evaluating share repurchase or just give us any kind of additional color there would be helpful? Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. So, share repurchases are definitely one component of returning cash to shareholders. But I think where we're seeing the near-term priority is; one, continuing to invest through capital expenditures in support of growth of brands like Uncrustables among others; two is, increasing the quarterly dividend; three is, continuing to pay down debt in order to maintain our leverage profile of around 2.5 times. And then, where we don't have strategic opportunity either through capital spending or through acquisition opportunities, we would then look at share repurchases as another form of returning cash to shareholders. So, hopefully that gives you a context of the upcoming priorities. But again, we are committed to that balanced capital deployment model
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Laurent Grandet from Guggenheim. Your line is now live.
Laurent Grandet: Hey, good morning, everyone, and thanks for the question. So first, I do have a follow-up regarding the guidance. So, on the two-year stack, I mean '21, '22, it seems like about 3% [ph] plus organic growth average. So it's way better than pre-COVID. So I'd like to understand specifically for '22, I mean if you can give -- be more granular in terms of what's coming from the inventory rebuild. You said it would be in the first half, what could be coming from more elevated and ad hoc sales -- and ad hoc consumption, sorry, and then market share gains. I mean, you said 55% of your business is gaining share. So if you can give us some kind of buckets as to where the growth is coming from or the outperformance is coming from? Thanks.
Tucker Marshall: Laurent, good morning. So, we did note that on a two-year stacked basis, looking at FY'22 guidance at the midpoint versus FY'20, we'd anticipate the total company to kind of be on a 3% to 4% compounded annual growth. And when we think about that, what we're seeing here is, and again, without decomposing every component is, one is the benefits of higher net pricing that are coming through this fiscal year, primarily to offset increased input commodity costs. We are also seeing the continued benefit of the momentum across the various elements of our business that I've spoken to, whether it'd be Uncrustables or advancing Dunkin' and Cafe Bustelo or the advancement of cat food. And then, as Mark spoke on the inventory front, we will continue to work to get to the right inventory levels, both within our infrastructure and also within our customers and we will continue to do that over time. But I think the first half of the fiscal year, inventory levels will still be pretty lean, just as we work through supply chains that continue to remain a bit tight but yet are still working supply chain. So that's kind of how we're thinking about that growth on a two-year stacked basis. I might just share that we are seeing performance coming through on that two-year stacked basis across the predominance of our U.S. retail businesses, all three, along with a return to growth in the Away From Home business. But again, it won't be at a 100% pre-pandemic levels by the end of this year and continued momentum in the international business as well.
Laurent Grandet: Thanks. And then, more specifically on the pet food business. So, you mentioned clearly the benefit of having a specific organization focused on pets. So like to understand what are you gaining there in term of execution? Is additional displays? Is it better shelf space? If you can be a bit more explicit about what's you are getting from having a specific -- dedicated kind of organization there? And then if I may, on Rachael Nutrish, still kind of the weak brand of your portfolio in pet food. Where are you in the turnaround of that brand?
Mark Smucker: Laurent, it's Mark. So, first of all, as it relates to taking on two sales forces, which has been a great decision, if I do say so myself, because it really provides focus. And it allows our teams and businesses to really focus on the unique dynamics of the pet category and the pet consumer which is we refer to as a pet parent and the way they shop the category. So I won't go into specifics on the specific wins. But we're already seeing a higher degree of focus, a stronger degree of strategic engagement with our customers because as you know, they think about pet as a separate category as well. And so, our engagement with our retail customers is really critical and we're already starting to see the benefit of that. Our pet strategy, you will recall is focused, first and foremost, on pet snacks, the premiumization of Milk-Bone, the launch of other new products in snacks under the Meow Mix and Nutrish brands. So continuing to push out our leadership position in snacks. We have a number two position in cat and we will continue -- we've had good performance over the course of the year in Meow Mix and we will continue to support the brands in cat through traditional means as well as innovation. And then, in our dog portfolio, we continue to focus on the stabilization of the Nutrish brand, which is going reasonably well, expecting some modest growth overtime on that brand. But Nutrish for us is really a total master brand strategy. So it is not just dog food. It is snacks as well as cat and wet dog as well. And so making which -- in those cases those segments, we would expect to grow faster than our dry dog food on Nutrish. So snacks first, then cat, and then stabilization of our dog food portfolio is really where we're going to be focused going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Jason English: Just to make sure I've got my head wrapped around that derivative gains properly. Effectively it is benefits you have from hedge positions that give you some cost shelter this year where it looks like it adds up to around $60 million, but effectively it's the benefit that we shouldn't expect to recur again in fiscal '23. Do I have that right?
Tucker Marshall: That is correct. But the one comment I would make to that is, is we will continue to layer on hedging and risk management strategies in preparation of planning for FY'23 in order to deliver FY'23. So the "bucket" never really goes to zero, right. You always have your hedging activity that comes through there at corporate and then will get allocated when it's realized against -- when it's realized against the cost. And so, what I don't want to assume that it's a one-time anomaly, it's not. If you rewind to a year ago, roughly today, you would see a very similar line item in our press release then too. Now sometimes, it's a gain; sometimes it's a loss. Like it's just -- it's depending upon the underlying strategy against the underlying cost that's embedded in your P&L.
Jason English: Sure. I think the only difference between last year and this year is the parenthesis. I believe last year you put the parenthesis around gains suggesting that you were backing out gains and this year you moved it to losses suggesting you're adding back gains, which is where I think it's a little confusing, because it looks optically like you've actually flipped higher accounting for these things from one year to the next and it's obviously a fairly material benefit this year?
Tucker Marshall: It was more to improve the presentation and hopefully the readability for all users of our press release inclusive of bringing a little bit more symmetry or comparability to our Form 10-K. So it was something that we did on our financial reporting front and is not a mechanic change.
Jason English: Okay. One other question was about just the underlying components of the business. What are you guys expecting to happen with consumption of your products, when we get to this fall and presumably kids go back to school, people go back to work? Are you assuming that baseline consumption rolls over or do you think what we see today is barely reflective of what we can see later this year and into next?
Mark Smucker: Yes, Jason. The first thing I would say is, we spent a tremendous amount of effort this past year, making sure that we come out of this pandemic a stronger company. And so, that really means that focusing on the actions that we are taking and whether that's ensuring that we can retain as many of the new consumers as we gained, ensuring that we can continue to invest in marketing and in those areas where we're going to see the most growth and ensuring that we can engage with the new consumers and the proof points thus far have been that we have continued to see solid share gains as well as repeat purchase. The external factors and tailwinds that are going to continue to help us is, see, our expectation and what you're seeing across industries is that folks are not going back to work in the way they once did. So, there is going to be some hybrid approach. Our own company is no exception of how often folks are physically in an office versus at-home. And people are going to be spending more time at home, which means they're going to be treating their pets more. And in particular because we're in -- our coffee and consumer categories are focused primarily on breakfast and lunch, those two eating occasions are going to -- are going to continue to take place at home at a more elevated pace. So we think those tailwinds are going to continue to help you know more pet households, and just more people brewing coffee at home are just a couple of examples of -- on how we should continue to benefit from some of those external tailwinds.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is now live.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. Questions have been largely asked. But did you consider the benefit to consumer spending at grocery for the first five months of this year from all the government stimulus and also the SNAP benefits being unusually high. You're not alone in terms of packaged food companies that have -- sales have exceeded expectations for the first five months of the calendar year. And I'm just wondering if you think that was a factor. And if so, would it present more difficult comparisons when we're thinking about the first five months of 2022? Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Rob, it's a very good question and it's one that we've consider across our portfolio. And an example that I would use is, in coffee, right. We assume that we would have continued at-home consumption trends through the first half of the year and then it would slow down a little bit. And it's not only due to the government stimulus, but it's also due to the new -- the new lifestyle or habits or migration patterns of consumers, right. They'll balance not only working from home in a remote environment, they would go back to an office environment. So that would be one example that we did factor in. So, I guess what I would say from a planning perspective is, is that before we dove into the -- all the mechanics of the financial plan, we step back and made some assumptions around macroeconomic impacts or just overall sort of social impacts and those were considers.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And I've got one more question. I was little unclear if you were guiding to sales growth for all of your segments in fiscal '22 or whether some are expected to grow and some are expected to decline a little bit, like maybe coffee declined a little bit? I was unclear.
Mark Smucker: Yes. So, don't have the sheet right in front of me, but what we have anticipated -- just let me pull it here and I'll look it up for you, Rob. Thank you. What we have anticipated is, on a full year basis, we would see growth across pet. We'd probably see some stability across coffee. On the consumer side, you would see some growth as well. And then in your international and Away From Home, you would also see some growth due to the return of the Away From Home segment. The pet and consumer growth that we're talking about is -- again it's low-single-digits. The coffee, as I've noted, is consistent year-over-year. And you think about the international, Away From Home segment, that's probably in a mid-single digit plus just due to that recovery in Away From Home. And I would just acknowledge as the footnote there is, that's all on a comparable basis, excluding the impact of the divestiture activity year-over-year.
Robert Moskow: Sure. Okay, very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Your line is now live.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Tucker Marshall: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Okay. So a couple of questions from me. First of all, on the coffee side of the business, the coffee input cost inflation seems to be -- or it's picked up, I guess a bit, since last quarter. You mentioned that you're not expecting much growth overall in sales. That means, I suspect that pricing will be up fairly meaningfully but volumes will be down fairly meaningfully. Does that mean that we should expect margins to come down reasonably sharply to maybe more normal long-term course in there [ph]? And are you getting a read that competitors will match those price increases or is it too early to tell? And then I have a follow-up.
Tucker Marshall: Alexia, why don't I just talk a little bit about the -- maybe the trend in coffee to some of the cost and margin comments you made, and then Mark can talk a little bit more about the pricing component or dynamic. But we still, at big picture, remain committed to that, greater than 30% coffee margins at the segment level. We anticipate seeing a minor deceleration year-over-year, but still staying at pretty strong margins in coffee on a full year basis. But as I noted in some of my prior comments, there is a bit of timing of the pricing actions that we're taking that will really be effective in the month of July and kind of realized in Q2, Q3 and Q4 against the cost structure that's coming right in front of us in Q1. And so, you likely will see a pretty substantial margin decline in coffee in the first quarter with a nice rebound in the second, third and fourth quarters. But again, still supporting that low-30% on a year-over-year basis. So, I'll pause there and hand it to Mark just on the pricing front.
Mark Smucker: Yes. Alexia, as you know, coffee is a pass-through category. And so we'll pass through cost to customers and consumers either up or down. And so we've -- that has always been the case as long as we've been in the coffee business. Of course, we have a very robust hedging strategy. We are constantly using whatever instruments that are at our disposal to ensure that the delivered cost is consistent with how we plan the business. And then, I guess the only other comment I would make about coffee is we have been very successful in our strategy to ensure that our portfolio tracks with the category. In other words, the growth of Dunkin' and Bustelo has been phenomenal and that was -- that's been intentional because we know that there has been continued premiumization. And then, of course, the shift to single serve or K-Cups, our brand outperformed the category in this last quarter. And so, we feel very good about where the total portfolio is positioned. And then some of the reinvigorating efforts that are coming on Folgers in the back half of the year should continue to help our total coffee business.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then, in the prepared remarks, you talked about having maybe something of an appetite for more deals and possible acquisitions. Can I ask which categories are you fitting in and what are the criteria that you'd be using to evaluate those?
Mark Smucker: Thanks for the question, Alexia. It starts with finding the right brands at the right price and we obviously want to be prudent in terms of the multiples that we're paying for any acquisition. Our lines are, if you will, continue to be in the water and we do continue to look at assets as they come available. We've clearly done -- have been very proactive in terms of reshaping our portfolio most recently with these two divestitures. We will continue to be committed to the three categories that we are in and to the extent that we can continue to take leading positions in those three categories, we will do so. And, as it relates to other categories, I think we wouldn't comment on potentially new categories other than to say, if there are categories that are growing and have attractive assets, we will consider them.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Pamela Kaufman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Pamela Kaufman: Good morning. I just wanted to build on Alexia's question about pricing. And I guess more broadly beyond coffee, can you give us a sense for the magnitude of list price increases by category and what assumptions you're making about the competitive response? And I guess how accommodating have retailers been to your planned list price increases?
Tucker Marshall: Why don't I go ahead and get started here? Good morning. What we are seeing is high-single digit to double-digit specific commodity cost increases year-over-year, so the actual given commodity or unit, which is translating into a mid-single-digit increase in our total cost of goods sold, which is then, on average, looking like a low to kind of mid-single-digit price increase at the top line on average. I don't know that we're going to break it down by the given categories but I'll pause Mark and just see if there's anything to add, just on the pricing front.
Mark Smucker: Yes, Pamela, I would just add that, you know, pricing is something that we're always managing. It's part and parcel to our business. We have seen inflationary pressures throughout the last year really starting as far back as April of 2020. And so it's a critical component of our business. We feel that managing through the inflation and the pricing is manageable and in order to do that we've got to continuing to partner with our retail customers, making sure that those -- the cost recovery is justifiable and that at the end of the day it's a win-win for them as well. So, very comfortable with the actions that we need to take, and obviously built in some reasonable assumptions into our plans for the year-end guidance.
Pamela Kaufman: Great, thank you. And can you give an update on e-commerce penetration by segment? What are you embedding in your guidance for e-commerce growth? Given the strong growth last year, would you expect to see some shift back in store or e-commerce to continue to build on top of last year's performance?
Mark Smucker: Yes, it's Mark again, Pamela. 12% was the number I think in the script -- the scripted comments in terms of how much of our business is on e-commerce. It definitely skews towards pet and then coffee would be a second, not a close second, but a second. And again, thinking of e-commerce as both pure play as well as the click-and-collect model. We continue to focus on the profitability of that business through price pack architecture and things like that, but do not expect that consumers will return to brick-and-mortar purchases for those who have already made the migration to e-commerce. We believe that that migration is here to stay.
Pamela Kaufman: Right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Mark Smucker: Thank you. Thank you to all of you for taking the time today. We're incredibly proud of our performance for the fourth quarter and the year and continue to have optimism moving forward, obviously focusing strongly on ensuring that we have emerged from this pandemic a stronger company with some very keen priorities and capabilities, and just appreciate the support. And really, thank you to our employees for their delivery in this record year. Have a great weekend.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-02-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2021 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This conference call is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will open the conference up for questions and answers after the prepared remarks. Please limit yourself to two questions during the Q&A session and then re-queue if you have additional questions. I will now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning and thank you for joining us for our fiscal 2021 third quarter earnings conference call. After this brief introduction, Mark Smucker, President and CEO will give an overview of the quarter's results and an update on our strategic initiatives. Tucker Marshall, CFO, will then provide detailed analysis of the financial results and our updated fiscal 2021 outlook. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning's press release, which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note we use non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally, as detailed in the press release. We have posted a supplementary slide deck summarizing the quarterly results. These slides can be accessed on our website and will be archived there along with a replay of this call. If you have additional questions after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. As we highlighted last week during our CAGNY Presentation, our results for the third quarter exceeded our expectations, reflecting the continued elevated at-home consumption, improved execution of our strategy and momentum for our brands. Net sales increased 5% versus the prior year while comparable sales increased 7%. We delivered net sales growth across all three of our US retail segments with Coffee sales increasing 12%, comparable sales within Consumer Foods increasing 16% and our Pet Food and pet snack sales increasing 6%. Adjusted earnings per share increased 4% driven by increased sales volume, partially offset by higher costs and SG&A expenses inclusive of incremental marketing investments supporting our brands. Due to stronger than anticipated results through the first three quarters of the fiscal year and updated assumptions for the fourth quarter, we are pleased to increase our full year expectations to include net sales growth of 2% versus the prior year, adjusted earnings per share in the range of $8.70 to $8.90, and free cash flow of $1.1 billion. We are delivering exceptional financial performance, while significantly increasing investment in our brand, strengthening our balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders, all of which are important building blocks for supporting long-term growth and increasing shareholder value. At our Investor Day and last week's CAGNY Conference, we provided details around our current priorities that will strengthen our executional capabilities and unlock the full potential of our strategy. These include, driving commercial excellence, streamlining our cost infrastructure, reshaping our portfolio, and unleashing our organization to win. We made significant progress against these priorities in the quarter, specifically in the areas of improving commercial execution and reshaping our portfolio. We continue to benefit from strong demand for our brands and achieved a fourth consecutive quarter of net sales and earnings growth. Our performance reflects the outstanding work our teams have done to increase production and ensure our products are getting on shelf, while minimizing any potential disruptions. We continued our trend of improving market share across our portfolio as we increased our dollar market share in core consumer and Coffee segments, as well as for our cat food business, highlighting the strength of our broad brand portfolio in these categories. In aggregate, we grew share for brands representing 53% of our sales up from 46% in the second quarter. We are confident the actions we are taking along with the macro events that have occurred over the past year will translate to sustain tailwinds for our business. We are well positioned to maintain a meaningful portion of increased consumption for the long-term supported by our marketing investments, enhanced commercial execution and improvement in share trends. Our confidence is further supported by external factors, including retailers desire to simplify assortment, providing more shelf space for our leading brands. Approximately half the US workforce is expected to work remotely on a part- or full-time basis post pandemic compared to just 30% before the pandemic driving increased at-home breakfast and lunch occasions, benefiting our Coffee and Consumer Foods businesses and tailwinds for the pet category, with consumption projected to grow approximately 5% over the next few years as nearly 10 million households adopted a cat or dog over the past 12 months. We have made great progress in reshaping our portfolio having completed the sales of the Crisco and Natural Balance businesses in the quarter. These divestitures underscore our commitment to further our focus on brands and categories that have the greatest growth opportunities over the long-term. As we move ahead, we will continue to evaluate all elements of the portfolio and make changes when necessary to ensure our portfolio is positioned for growth. Turning to our segment result, in Pet Food, our market leading dog snacks and our cat food businesses delivered another quarter of net sales growth. Sales for dog snacks increased 14% led by gains for the Milk Bone, Pup-Peroni and Rachael Ray Nutrish brands. Sales growth for the Meow Mix brand led cat food growth of 9% representing the 14th consecutive quarter of cat food growth, with our share increasing in both the dry and wet cat categories. In dog food sales for our largest brand Nutrish grew 4%. In consumption share trends for Nutrish dog food has stabilized with repeat rates and dollars per buyer increasing versus the prior year. For the total brand, Nutrish net sales were up 8% in the quarter, reflecting the growth for dog food as well as increases for cat food, dog snacks and cat snacks. Turning to our Coffee business, we delivered net sales growth for all brands and segments in our market leading Coffee portfolio as total segment net sales increased 12% led by the Dunkin and Folgers brands. The Dunkin and Café Bustelo brands as well as K-Cups have become an increasingly important part of our portfolio, collectively growing over 20% and accounting for over 50% of segment net sales in this quarter. Café Bustelo and Dunkin are the two fastest growing brands in the Coffee category, with 52 weeks sales up 28% and 21% respectively. The Dunkin brand has eclipsed $1 billion in all channel retail sales dollars, inclusive of club and e-commerce over the past 12 months. The Folgers brand gained 3 million new households at the height of the pandemic and had the highest repeat rate by new consumers during the holiday season. Further, our portfolio of brands gained more incremental households in the last year than any other manufacturer and as gained share in all channel consumption, inclusive of club and e-commerce. In our Consumer Food segment, growth across all categories drove a 16% increase in comparable sales. The actions we have taken on the Jif brand led to over 20% sales growth on core peanut butter offerings. In multi outlet retail sales Jif was the fastest growing national brand in the quarter, increasing over 13% more than twice the category average. This growth reflects benefits of improved distribution and in stocks, strong marketing support, pricing actions in response to higher costs, and competitive supply disruption. The Jif brand gained over three points of volume and dollar share sequentially from the second quarter, and our total peanut butter portfolio grew to over a 50% share of the peanut butter category. Our Smucker's, Uncrustables business also continued to deliver exceptional growth, with third quarter net sales increasing 21%. Household penetration is up 23% compared to a year ago. For our combined US retail and Away From Home segments, the Uncrustables brand delivered $100 million of net sales this quarter, recording its 27th consecutive quarter of growth. The brand is on pace to deliver over $400 million of net sales this year, and is on track to exceed our $500 million target in fiscal year 2023. Underpinning the improvement in net sales and market share across our businesses has been strong commercial execution, optimized marketing investments to align with consumer behavior and a continued commitment to financial discipline. We plan for a continued step up in marketing investments in the fourth quarter, inclusive of mass media, targeted digital consumer engagement, e-commerce and click and collect programs as we continue to reinvest to support our brands. Finally, we are sharpening our efforts to address issues that impact the quality of life for people and pets. This evolved agenda helps meet their need for quality food, education, equitable and ethical treatment, community resources and a healthier planet. Additional details are available on our corporate website. In summary, I would like to reinforce a few key points. First, we continue to deliver strong financial results and the actions we are taking to deliver our priorities are leading to improvement in key metrics, including market share that position us well for the remainder of the year and beyond. Second, we continue to make progress against their consumer centric growth strategy. Third, through our executional priorities, we're becoming a more focused, efficient and agile organization. And fourth, we are strengthening our core capabilities, which position us as a stronger company set up for delivering sustainable long-term growth and shareholder value. These actions will ensure we continue to deliver consistent sales and profit growth beyond the pandemic leveraging a strong portfolio of brands and world class commercial capabilities, all of which are powered by our unique culture and dedicated employees who I would like to thank for their outstanding contributions. I'll now turn the call over to Tucker.
Tucker Marshall: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Let me begin by giving an overview of third quarter results before providing an update on our financial outlook for fiscal 2021. Net sales increased 5%. Excluding the impact of divestitures and foreign exchange, net sales increased 7%, primarily driven by favorable volume mix in each of the US retail segments, partially offset by an anticipated decline in the Away From Home business. Adjusted gross profit increased $23 million or 3% from the prior year, mostly driven by the positive contribution from volume mix, partially offset by higher costs and the non-comparable impact of the divested businesses. Adjusted operating income grew $8 million or 2%, reflecting the increased gross profit partially offset by higher SG&A expenses. The increase in SG&A expenses was primarily driven by incentive compensation and increased marketing investment, partially offset by reduced distribution costs. Below operating income, interest expense decreased $2 million, and the adjusted effective income tax rate was in line with the prior year at 23.1%. Factoring all this in, along with shares repurchased that resulted in a weighted average share count of 112.6 million. Third quarter adjusted earnings per share was $2.45 compared to $2.35 in the prior year, an increase of 4%. Let me now turn to segment results beginning with Pet Foods. Net sales increased 6% versus the prior year, primarily driven by favorable volume makes for dog snacks and cat food partially offset by lower net price realization. The reduction in net pricing primarily reflects investment in e-commerce and new product launches. Growth was led by our three largest brands in the segment, including increases of 8% for Nutrish, 9% for Meow Mix, and 11% for Milk Bone. Pet Foods segment profit declined 7% reflecting the lapping of an $8 million legal settlement received in the prior year. Excluding the settlement in the prior year, segment profit declined 2% primarily reflecting lower net pricing and higher costs partially offset by the favorable volume mix. The increased costs were mostly driven by higher transportation expense. Turning to the Coffee segment net sales increased 12% driven by a 13 percentage point increase from volume mix partially offset by lower net pricing. Growth occurred across all brands and formats in the portfolio led by the Dunkin growth of 19%, Folgers growth of 7% and Café Bustelo growth of 26%. Our K-Cup portfolio which is growing nearly twice the category rate continues to be an increasingly important growth driver, as sales increased 27% and accounted for over 30% of the segments net sales. Coffee segment profit increased 11% driven by the favorable volume mix, partially offset by lower net pricing and higher marketing expense. In Consumer Foods, net sales increased 6%. Excluding the prior year non-comparable sales for the divested Crisco business, net sales increased 16% driven by volume mix growth of 10% and a five percentage point impact from higher net pricing primarily due to a list price increase taken on peanut butter in the second quarter. Growth was led by the Jif brand, which grew 14% while Smucker's, Uncrustables, frozen sandwiches grew 21% and Smucker's fruit spreads grew 15%. The prior year discontinuation of Power Ups was a $6 million headwind in the quarter. Consumer Food segment profit increased 32%, primarily reflecting the increase from volume mix, a favorable net Impact of higher price and cost and lapping of $7.5 million equipment write off for Jif Power Ups in the prior year. These tailwinds were partially offset by the non-comparable profit on the domestic Crisco business, and increased marketing expense. Lastly, in International Away From Home net sales declined 13%. The Away From Home business contracted 27% primarily driven by declines in Coffee and portion control products due to the continued impact of COVID-19. International growth of 9% was primarily driven by increases in Canada across most categories, including baking, pet food and snacks, peanut butter and fruit spreads. International Away From Home segment profit decreased 50% primarily driven by the reduced volume mix and increased costs partly attributable to the deleveraging of fixed costs in the Away From Home business. Third quarter free cash flow was $417 million, which represented a decrease from the prior year due to a less favorable benefit from net working capital requirements, increased capital expenditures and a decline in net income adjusted for non-cash items. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $70 million, with the increase over the prior year primarily related to capacity expansion for Uncrustables, frozen sandwiches. During the quarter, the company received total net proceeds from the domestic businesses of $569 million inclusive of transaction costs and initial working capital adjustments. We used $522 million to repurchase 4.5 million common shares, of which 4.3 million settled in the third quarter for $498 million and the remainder settled at the beginning of the fourth quarter. These repurchase is decreased the number of shares outstanding by approximately 4%. We finished the quarter with cash and cash equivalent balances at $502 million. We paid down $314 million of debt during the quarter, resulting in a total debt balance of $4.8 billion. Based on a trailing 12-month EBITDA of approximately $1.9 billion, our leverage ratio stands at 2.5 times. We anticipate maintaining a balanced capital deployment model that prioritizes the use of cash toward dividends and debt repayments while evaluating other strategic uses of cash for future growth and shareholder value creation, including the potential for future share repurchases. Let me now provide additional color on our revised outlook for fiscal 2021. The severity and length of the pandemic and related implications continue to create uncertainty in our financial outlook. Changes in consumer purchasing behavior, retailer inventory levels, macroeconomic conditions, and any manufacturing or supply chain disruption could materially impact our actual results. Further, we have experienced some weather-related disruption and tightening in the supply chain this month. That said we are sharing our expectations based on our current performance and understanding of the overall environment. Net sales are now anticipated to be up approximately 2% compared to the prior year, which reflects the sales performance for the first three quarters of the fiscal year and an expected 10% decline in the fourth quarter. Elements taken into consideration for the fourth quarter net sales include a lapping of $185 million benefit in the prior year related to the initial consumer stock up purchasing during the beginning of the pandemic. Lapping sales related to the domestic businesses of approximately $124 million and continued elevated at-home consumption benefiting the US retail Coffee and Consumer Food segments. We anticipate full year gross profit margin to approximate 38%. The projected gross margin includes fourth quarter incremental trade spend investments primarily for the pet business, timing of fixed costs expenses related to manufacturing absorption, and increased freight and transportation costs. SG&A expenses for the full year are projected to increase 3% to 4% primarily reflecting increased marketing spend and incentive compensation. Total marketing spend is expected to approximate 6.5% or greater of net sales with incremental fourth quarter brand reinvestments across all US retail businesses, most notably for pet food. We continue to anticipate net interest expense of $180 million and an adjusted effective tax rate of 24%. We anticipate a full year weighted average share count of 112.6 million, which includes a fourth quarter share count of 109.6 million, reflecting the impact of shares repurchased in the third quarter. Taking all these factors into consideration, we anticipate full year adjusted EPS to be in the range of $8.70 to $8.90. At the midpoint of our range, fourth quarter adjusted EPS is anticipated decline around $1 versus the prior year due to decreases in net sales, gross profit margin decline, incremental marketing investments and the net impact of divestitures and shares repurchased. Full year free cash flow is anticipated to be approximately $1.1 billion with capital expenditures of $300 million versus prior guidance of $315 million. In closing, let me reiterate Mark's opening comments. We are pleased with our third quarter results, which show the strength of our brand portfolio and the health of our categories. With continued financial discipline, we are committed to delivering sustainable and consistent long-term value for our shareholders. Thank you for your time. We will now open the call to your questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please state your question.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Andrew.
Tucker Marshall: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Quick question about - in pet food, I think you'd mentioned that Nutrish dog food sales rose about 4% in the quarter. And I think at CAGNY last week you'd mentioned that your anticipation - you're anticipating getting back to growth in Nutrish in the back half of your fiscal '22. So I guess I'm just trying to square those two things basically is premium dog sort of turning maybe more quickly than you would have thought or were there certain things in this particular quarter that maybe would be discrete or less sustainable for a couple quarters until it's truly sort of where you want it to be.
Mark Smucker: Hey Andrew its Mark. Yes, Nutrish dog food did grow actually 6% in the quarter. Notably the total Nutrish brand grew 8% and so we're obviously very pleased with that. I think what we reported last quarter was the fact that we were seeing that brand stabilize and this quarter, we think we have pretty good confidence that it is stabilizing. So let me make a correction, the 4% number was specific to dry dog, right and then the total brand was 8%.
Andrew Lazar: Right and I was looking specifically at sort of dry dog because I know that's the area where you were doing more of the work and had more of the challenges and I think again at CAGNY I think you'd said by back half of fiscal '22 it'd be back to growth. So anyway, I was just trying to get a sense of if that's happening faster or you might have initially expected or if there's anything one off in this quarter related to Nutrish growth. It doesn't totally sound like that was the case, necessarily that there was something one off in nature, if I'm hearing your right.
Mark Smucker: No. Yeah, I think it's just a function, quite frankly, of all the work that we have done on Nutrish. And we've spent a lot of dollars in marketing, supporting the brand and the launch of Big Life [ph] is underway, we've had good sell in for that. We're re architecting the brand as well. So we really do feel that the actions we're taking on that brand are starting to pay off.
Andrew Lazar: Yeah, great, thank you. And then one, one last quick one would just be, was inventory sort of refill a factor at all in the quarter, obviously, in Coffee, in Pet, in US consumer, clearly, consumption was - or organic sales growth was quite a bit above what most for modeling and in some cases, even above what we've seen in sort of standard data, which is obviously not fully comprehensive. So I didn't know if inventory refill was much of a factor in any of those segments or not really. Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, we believe that our shipments are in line with consumption as you look across all the channels that we participate in, so we don't see anything abnormal for the quarter going forward.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Growe of Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. Thank you for the time here. I just had two questions if I could, the first would just be that as I think about your EPS guidance for the year, I was just curious how much of that would incorporate the dilution that's coming from Crisco and Natural Balance? Have you defined the sort of the amount that's now built into 87o to 890 in terms of this year?
Mark Smucker: Good morning. Yes, we have. From an earnings standpoint, we believe that there's a $0.20 impact to the financial guidance this year that is being offset on a full year basis by approximately $0.10 of shares repurchased in the third quarter.
Chris Growe: Okay, thank you. And then just another question that I had and which is in relation to the gross margin performance I think you said some heavier promotional spending that occurred in the third quarter, I was a bit surprised by the by the sequential decline in the gross margins. So I just want to get a sense of if you could frame the promotional studies increase and you have some more coming in Q4 as well. And then also another one where divestiture is probably drag on the gross margin as well, is that a meaningful factor? I know you cited that but is there a number that goes with that that could explain some of the decline sequentially in the gross margin?
Tucker Marshall: Yeah, so I would bring you back to our full year guidance of approximately 38% for the full year as it relates to the gross profit margin. As you think about the fourth quarter, we are going to be down materially from the gross profit standpoint or margin standpoint. And that's due to as you've noted, incremental trade spend investments primarily for the Pet business that's supporting the brands and the intros and the promotion, along with timing of fixed expenses related to manufacturing absorption, we are comping a very strong sales quarter. So we will lose some level of manufacturing absorption, along with the continued impact on our Away From Home business. And then as we have shared, we are experiencing increased freight and transportation expenses this year due to tight supply chains. But on a longer-term basis, we remain committed to a healthy gross profit margin achieving that 38% or better.
Chris Growe: Okay, thank you for that color.
Operator: The next question is from Faiza Alwy of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Faiza Alwy: Yes. Hi. Good morning. So I first wanted to ask about e-commerce. Maybe I missed it, but I didn't hear much about how e-commerce sales were trending. And specifically, I wanted to know if you could - now that Natural Balance is not part of the portfolio anymore, if you could give us some color on what the channel breakdown for the pet business is now between specialty, mass and e-commerce?
Mark Smucker: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. This is Mark. E-commerce is one of the key components of our growth strategy. And specifically we talk about being everywhere and that's critical as we think about e-commerce and so making sure that we're engaging with consumers wherever they shop. We're pretty pleased with the growth in our e-commerce business and our ability to do that profitably. Over the last three quarters, we've actually grown the business 50% or over 50% and so total e-commerce sales are over 10% for the total company. Coffee specifically, was up over 70%. One of the great things about e-com is it really does allow us to get closer to our consumer, where we can understand and engage with them, we can make adjustments to our assortment if we need to on the fly and it does have high ROI. So it really is a win-win-win. It's a win for us. It's a win for our customers, as well as our consumers. And we really continue to remain very focused on the click and collect model, which is a very productive channel. And we have number one brands there from a digital shelf standpoint, specifically, skewing towards coffee, peanut butter and pet snacks.
Faiza Alwy: Okay, thank you for that. Are you able to share the channel breakdown for the pet business if you have it?
Mark Smucker: We haven't previously done that. We'd probably hold off on that for now.
Faiza Alwy: Okay, alright, thank you.
Mark Smucker: But the e-com business in pet was strong up or about 50%.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Goldman of JP Morgan. Please state your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning, everybody. I wanted to ask about pricing. Your all-in pricing, flattish, slightly negative at a time when most packaged food companies reported pricing, it's already started to accelerate a little bit. I get you're spending a little bit more in trade, especially in pet. I'm just curious, when might we expect Smucker's pricing - the all-in that price number that you provide to start rising a little bit more in line with the group so to speak?
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Ken. Thanks for the question. As we always say there's multiple levers to manage net pricing. And we're always taking a very prudent judicious approach, one, which involves partnering with our customers, and making sure that we're doing the right thing by them as well as for our business. So when we take specific list price changes, we're always focused on justifiable increases that are driven by cost increases or in some cases where the consumer sees value. I would point out Jif, we took a pricing action recently and we're pleased that in the last several months the key competitors did follow that increase. And so we feel pretty good about our ability to continue to recover.
Ken Goldman: Okay, thank you for that. And then for my follow up, I know it's not the biggest part of your business, but International and Away From Home, I think the segment margin was down or it was down over 500 basis points sequentially. I realize you still have a lot of deleveraging there. I understand there's a lot of puts and takes, but I'm curious and maybe you said this and I missed it. But what was the reason for that kind of sequential decline in operating profit in that segment? Was there anything unique in this quarter that stands out that might go away next quarter?
Tucker Marshall: Yeah, Ken, what we're experiencing in the International Away From Home operating segment is a continued significant and extended decline in the Away From Home business. And that's really driven by the kind of two key elements within that business. One is coffee, and two is portion control. There is the handheld component of the business. And as a result of the last top line, we are seeing a pretty significant impact to last manufacturing, absorption and other fixed cost absorption as well. And you have to recall that it's not only the manufacturing size, we also have a very big installed equipment base for coffee brewing. And so we're not putting volume across that it also has an impact. So as we see return to growth in the top line for the Away From Home business and the segment and its entirety that will also have a corresponding improvement to the profit base as well.
Operator: The next question is from Rob Dickerson of Jeffries. Please state your question.
Rob Dickerson: Great, thanks so much. The question for you Mark, I think you'd said in the prepared remarks there's ongoing simplicity push, right by the retailers. And obviously, there's been a fair amount of rationalization over the past few years. But it sounds like kind of what was implied in your comment was that retailers, as they continue to simplify and optimize, are looking still to bigger brands to you to potentially secure more shelf, I don't know if that means you have the opportunity increasingly to get more distribution and/or if the retailer's overall say, hey, as we got through the pandemic, how you support your brands, how is your more focused and agile, we're willing to partner with you more, right? You've scaled brands that are profitability. So just trying to gauge what you're implying when you said that the retailers are looking to simplify and still work with bigger brands? Is that bigger brands relative to smaller brands? Or is that just kind of an ongoing trajectory, as we're seeing say, coming out of COVID, but obviously, relative to what we've been seeing over the past nine months. And that's it. Thanks a lot.
Mark Smucker: Rob thanks. You are correct that your interpretation of my prepared remarks were spot on. And we do see this as an ongoing trend just as we are looking to simplify and optimize our assortment so are our customers and that does tend to benefit larger mainstream brands because as there are fewer - the tail is not as long if you will, in certain categories. And because they're getting more efficient on shelf, there are fewer - there will be fewer or fewer SKUs in particular categories. In our case, it's notable in coffee and peanut butter would be two of the notable ones where we're benefiting from that. And what that means is not only are we staying on shelf, but in many cases, we are getting more shelf space and so we do see that as an ongoing trend for the foreseeable future.
Rob Dickerson: All right, great, thank you so much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question is from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, Mark, I was hoping to get little more specifics on what's happening on your cost inflation exposure. Coffee costs are rising. I think the grain costs also will have an impact on the Pet Food business. Is there any way to get some sequential help here as to what the inflation pickup looks like? And when will you start giving us a little more specificity on what's going to happen to equation
Mark Smucker: Sure rob banks. On coffee, specifically, a lot of the volatility that you're seeing at this point in the year often is driven by some speculation, because it is early in the year in terms of when coffee is planted or harvested. And so a lot of that volatility we think is more financially driven. So we will watch that. I think the headline here is that we again, have multiple levers on price. We'll continue to price in a responsible way when we can. On pet specifically we do have pricing power, for example, in snacks. In dog food, for example, we would follow, but I think the good news about the pet industry is that the industry in total really does have a great track record of recovery and using those levers. So we do have confidence that regardless of the category or our position they're in that we would continue to have the ability to recover justifiable cost increases through the various pricing levers.
Robert Moskow: Okay, and then maybe a quick follow up for Tucker. Tucker, can you go back and give us a little more math behind your $185 million estimate for the inventory stock up last year? Like how did you come up with that number? And is there any way that that might be conservative?
Tucker Marshall: Yeah. Rob, so what we factor that 185 million is the impact to our fourth quarter of last fiscal year that was primarily in the back half of the month of March and the balance of our fiscal year in April. And what we looked at was the initial stock up by consumers due to the early stages of the pandemic across all of our businesses, particularly in coffee and consumer. It did have an element of impact to pet as well. That's what we quantified based on where we thought we were going to finish the year 45 days earlier, so to speak. And that's our best estimate. We've been pretty consistent with that comment both in the completion of our fiscal year and then carrying it through because we knew that at a top line due to that specific component lapping the COVID initial surge would be a year-over-year decline in the fourth quarter for us.
Robert Moskow: Okay, alright, thank you.
Mark Smucker: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. I was just wondering -
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Jason English: I guess building on the last question I appreciate in the fourth quarter you had a lot of - a bit of stock up, but it's still difficult to forecast for 39% EPS decline with your comments at CAGNY that suggesting that you expect EPS next year to effectively be sort of flattish to the midpoint your current guidance. How do we put those two? What are the puts and takes? And is this chatter in the media about layoffs and restructuring is that a key determinant or key driver of your EPS expectations for next year?
Tucker Marshall: Jason, good morning, I still think there's a couple of parts to that question. So I'm going to start and then let Mark provide some incremental comments. So as it relates to the fourth quarter, we are anticipating being down in earnings approximately $1 at the midpoint. This is reflecting ongoing business momentum that we see which we approximate to be about $0.25, then it's being offset by the net sales decline due to the lapping of the initial consumer stock up during the pandemic of the prior year of approximately $0.50. And then we've noted that there is a divestiture impact across Crisco and Natural Balance of approximately $0.20 in the fourth quarter that is being offset about $0.06 from shares repurchased in the third quarter. And then we have incremental cost headwinds in two areas. One is the incremental SG&A expenses of about $0.35 and that's being driven by the marketing reinvestments that Mark spoke to. And then lastly as you are seeing a year-over-year gross margin decline. And that is approximately $0.25. So that gets you to where we're down about $1. Without some of the lapping effect and some of the reinvestment effects that would have had a positive impact to the bottom line. But we did - we have made some decisions and we have divested some businesses. And then the second question that I think you asked was last week at CAGNY, we offered that on a two-year stack basis, we see a path demonstrating underlying organic growth at the top line and adjusted earnings per share. There were some questions around what level of earnings per share. We finished FY '20 at $8.76 and so we'd like to think that we could do $8.76 or better in our next fiscal year. But again, it's early innings as we work through the planning process. I'll pause and offer Mark if he has any other responses to your questions.
Mark Smucker: And Jason you were a little faint. I thought the last part of your question was about organization.
Jason English: Yeah, the media reports of layoffs.
Mark Smucker: Yeah, so a couple of things, there were a few factors in terms of our decision to realign our corporate support organization to better support our business. As you well know, consumer behavior has evolved rapidly in recent years and will continue to do so. And of course, the divestitures and then our much greater focus on the growth platforms in priority brands. So if you think about our consumer centric strategy, we really want to create a leaner and flatter organization, ensuring that we align ownership accountability, incentives and so forth to the financial statements and we do have high confidence this is going to make us more agile. So while there are decisions that do negatively impact our employees, these are very difficult decisions. We take them extremely seriously. And we only make them after very careful consideration, so from time to time there are moments when we need to ensure the long-term health of our business. And so this is one of those moments. And as you also know, we have a very strong continuous improvement mindset. And this is one factor in that process, so just making sure that we treat our employees with the utmost respect for those that would be exiting the organization.
Jason English: Okay, one more follow-up in terms of market reinvestment. I think last year, you spent around 2.5% of sales in advertising. With your e-com growth, I imagine the demands for that retail media and some of the e-com investment are growing. How much of your ad spend now is going towards those platforms? And are you able to fund that out of your half the trade budget? Or is this coming out with incremental money or traditional media? Just so where's the funding for that coming from? Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Yeah, Jason, I understand the question. I think what you're seeing, you reference a 2.5 and saw that, I think in your report, I think what you're seeing is just mass media and so that were all that was been reflected in that. We have not been specific in the various channels where we spend marketing. We are, as we've been talking about, we're very committed to that 6.5% to 7% of net sales target. And as we think about the various media channels, we evaluate them all when we think about each of them uniquely in terms of what returns are they getting, and so forth. We do fundamentally focus on reach for a lot of our brands, we want to reach as many consumers as we can, but there is a very strong element of targeting that we take there. As it relates to some of the media channels that are within retailers, we have participated in those from the get go, they have a very high ROI, and have helped improve our market share. So outside of that in mass media, even we have the strongest share of voice in - and particularly in coffee and peanut butter for example. And so we continue to evaluate all channels. And we think that the budget that we have now and going forward will be sufficient to support all of those marketing efforts and channels.
Tucker Marshall: And Jason, the one thing that I would support Mark's comments on is, is that a part of our continuous improvement mindset is, is making sure that we get the right return on that marketing spend, but that any non-working marketing dollars are analyzed, and either reinvested back into marketing or potentially taken to the bottom line. And that is an element of our cost improvement programs that we've talked about.
Jason English: Very good, thank you all.
Mark Smucker: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please state your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Tucker Marshall: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Great, kind of about the puts and takes for the outlook on gross margin. I think you said in the prepared remarks that you're hoping to be able to sustain the gross margins. You've obviously seen a nice step up in fiscal '21 to that 38% you're guiding to for the full year. But as we look out there's operational deleveraging versus net pricing maybe some COVID costs going around. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about the ability to sustain that gross margin as we look out into '22? Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Yeah. Alexia, good morning. I would share that last fiscal year we finished with a gross profit margin percentage over 38%, I think it was 38.2%. We're currently guiding to be approximately 38% for this fiscal year. And big picture, we remain committed to ensuring that we have a healthy gross profit margin today, tomorrow and beyond. And that is really supported by our continuous improvement mindset, the cost management reduction programs and the margin management programs as well. As Mark talked about as you think about commodities along with any other ingredient or packaging or transportation increases, we would love to offset those first through our physical buy. Secondly would also be through our hedging and risk management strategies. The next would also then be our continuous improvement mindset as noted, and then lastly, pricing where and when justified across our respective businesses. And so we acknowledge that we continue to take all those elements not only to deliver this fiscal year, but also for next fiscal year and beyond. I would also say on the manufacturing side, we do have very tight supply chains. And so inventory levels, particularly within our network are a bit below where we might want them. And so we continue to work to get those levels up, not only this fiscal year, next fiscal year to meet retail and consumer demand. So I don't expect - I do expect a hangover in manufacturing absorption, I think the question is, how big is the hangover, and there might be some benefit or upside there. So when you think about manufacturing absorption year-over-year. And then lastly is as we continue to reshape the portfolio, either through divestiture activity or optimizing SKUs that will also hopefully endure to a positive benefit as well, to gross profit margin. And then underlying all of that, as you well know, we have a very strong consumer centric strategy across a lot of our key growth brands. And as we've continued to drive that growth, it will also support the gross profit margin as well. So hopefully, that gives you a sense at a big picture level as to how we're thinking about it.
Alexia Howard: Much appreciated. And then a quick follow up. You mentioned in the CAGNY Presentation, there was a 30% increase in purchases of home coffee brewers over the course of the last year. How much does that affect the overall signals of business? I mean, obviously, there's an established base. But that sounds like it could be a fairly nice bump for the next few years. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about the potential growth in that part of the coffee segment.
Mark Smucker: Thanks Alexia, its Mark. Hard to quantify, but clearly a benefit, just the fact that these consumer habits around coffee, around breakfast and lunch have changed and evolved. We do think that there is a high degree of stickiness. Our confidence in that has increased over time. And just the dynamics that I mentioned in our - in the prepared remarks, whether specific to coffee or otherwise are really going to benefit us going forward post pandemic. K-Cups specifically have grown about two times the category. And so if you look at our coffee category, if you take into consideration K-Cups, plus the rest of the Dunkin and Bustelo business it's about half of our coffee business right there. So clearly great growth, feel good about the segments we're in playing in the right segments and very well positioned for the future.
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: I will now turn the conference back to management to conclude.
Mark Smucker: Thank you all for dialing in today and listening. We really appreciate it. We're very pleased with our results and the prospects for our business going forward. I hope that we left you with confidence in our key priorities around commercial excellence, streamlining our cost infrastructure. Clearly the actions we've taken on reshaping our portfolio and then really wanting to ensure that we unleash our organization to win. So I wanted to take a moment to thank our employees as always, and each of you for tuning in today. Have a great weekend.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2020-11-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2021 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This conference call is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will open the conference up for questions and answers after the prepared remarks. Please limit yourself to two questions during the Q&A session and then requeue if you have additional questions. I will now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please, go ahead, sir. 
Aaron Broholm: Good morning and thank you for joining us for our fiscal 2021 second quarter earnings conference call. After this brief introduction, Mark Smucker, President and CEO will give an overview of the quarter's results and an update on our strategic initiatives and fiscal year priorities. Tucker Marshall, CFO, will then provide detailed analysis of the financial results and our updated fiscal 2021 outlook. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning's press release, which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally, as detailed in the press release. We have posted a supplementary slide deck summarizing the quarterly results. These slides can be accessed on our website and will be archived there along with a replay of this call. If you have additional questions after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. First, I want to acknowledge that the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our everyday way of life, making the operating environment dynamic and difficult to predict. I'm incredibly proud of our employees who have worked tirelessly to deliver exceptional, operational and financial results. And I would like to recognize our suppliers and retail partners who have supported us during this unprecedented time. As we are entering the winter months and are experiencing a nationwide surge in COVID-19 cases, we remain committed to prioritizing the safety and well-being of our employees, supporting the communities where we do business and providing a steady quality supply of food for consumers and their pets. In the second quarter, net sales increased 4% versus the prior year and was slightly ahead of our expectations. At-home consumption remains elevated as sales in our coffee, consumer and international retail businesses collectively grew 10%. Sales in the pet food and snack segment were in line with expectations, as continued growth for cat food and dog snacks were offset by anticipated softness for dog food. Finally, the Away From Home business continued its sequential improvement from the fourth quarter last fiscal year, when many of our customers were either closed or shutdown. Adjusted earnings per share was $2.39, an increase of 6%, benefiting from increased sales volume, improved profit margins and reduced interest expense, partially offset by increased SG&A expenses. Due to stronger than anticipated results through the first-half of the fiscal year and updated assumptions for the second-half of the year, we have increased our full-year expectations to include net sales growth of 1% to 2% versus the prior year and adjusted earnings per share in the range of $8.55 to $8.85. This updated guidance does not include the impact of the pending Crisco divestiture. Tucker will provide more details regarding the inputs informing our fiscal 2021 guidance. This fiscal year, we have been focused on four specific priorities: driving consistent net sales growth; increasing our focus on financial discipline with an emphasis on maintaining or improving our strong profit margins and cash flow generation; strengthening our commercial execution and building competitive advantages through harnessing our full suite of capabilities; and living up to our commitment to our company's purpose of feeding connections that help us thrive.  The execution of these priorities will help us to continue delivering on our long-term strategy to lead in the best categories, build brands consumers love and be everywhere.  At the halfway point of the year, I am encouraged by the progress we have made against these priorities. We will continue to execute against these priorities in the back half of the year while furthering our focus on the brands and categories that have the greatest growth opportunities over the long-term. We continue to benefit from strong demand due to incremental at-home consumption related to the pandemic and achieved a third consecutive quarter of net sales growth above our expectations.  Key metrics for consumers purchasing our products improved in the quarter, with household penetration, repeat purchasing rate and dollars spent per buyer, all having increased versus the prior year and sequentially from the first quarter, showing that many of the new consumers gained during the initial phases of the pandemic have remained with our brands. We continue our efforts to retain these consumers and anticipate many will remain loyal consumers of our brands beyond the pandemic.  In the second quarter, we are pleased to have increased our dollar market share in core consumer and coffee segments, as well as our cat food business, highlighting the strength of our broad brand portfolio in these categories. In aggregate, we grew share for brands representing roughly half of our sales and we grew retail dollar sales for over 80% of the portfolio. This growth has been enhanced by capabilities we have built for our e-commerce business, which continues to capture a greater portion of consumers' grocery spend.  Our total e-commerce business grew 45% compared to the prior year and accounted for 11% of total U.S. retail sales. We anticipate e-commerce growth to remain sticky as consumers are increasingly adopting and maintaining online grocery shopping habits. Our sales performance across the company has been supported by the outstanding work our teams are doing to maintain high levels of production. While we are adequately maintaining production to meet customer demand, we are producing at or near capacity at many of our plants. We have experienced an uptick in customer orders over the last two weeks with the resurgence in COVID cases and we continue to monitor potential supply chain limitations and are taking proactive measures to minimize any potential disruptions that maybe caused by a shortage of materials, reliable transportation, or increased demand. Turning to our segment results. In pet food, our cat food and market-leading dog snacks business delivered another quarter of net sales growth. Sales for cat food, led by the Meow Mix and 9Lives brand, grew 9%, representing the 13th consecutive quarter of cat food growth and our market share improved by over 0.5 point in the quarter. The dog snacks category continues to experience growth related to increased treating occasions with pet parents spending more time at home with their dogs, translating to net sales growth of 3% for our brands, led by Pup-Peroni, Rachael Ray Nutrish and Milk-Bone. Our dog food sales declined with the largest decreases attributed to private label and the Natural Balance brand. Nutrish dry dog food experienced anticipated weakness. However, we are confident that our actions will improve the trajectory of the brand. These efforts include increased marketing investments, enhanced packaging, and improved assortment through SKU optimization and unique innovation launching in the fourth quarter. As a total brand, Nutrish sales were up low-single digits in the quarter, as increases for wet dog food, dog snacks, and cat food and cat snacks offset the declines in dry dog food. Turning to our coffee business, we delivered net sales growth for all brands in our market-leading at-home coffee portfolio as total segment net sales increased 9%. We increased our dollar share by 0.5 point and now have over a 25-point share with three of the top 10 brands in the category. Growth was led by Dunkin' and Cafe Bustelo with both brands achieving 20% retail sales growth. In the K-Cup segment, we continue to grow at over two times the category rate and gained nearly two share points in the quarter. Over 1.5 million net new households consumed at least one of our coffee brands during the quarter. As new coffee habits have formed during the pandemic, we have the opportunity to retain a substantial portion of these new consumers for the long-term. We will support continued momentum with increased marketing investments in the back half of this fiscal year. In our consumer food segment, growth across all categories drove a 12% increase in sales. In snacking, our Smucker's Uncrustables business continued to deliver exceptional growth. Second quarter net sales increased 16% and the brand gained nearly a full retail share point. We remain on track to add capacity at our Longmont facility in early calendar year 2021 and we have accelerated future capacity plans. We are confident we will be able to continue this strong growth moving forward. In peanut butter, the Jif brand returned to market share growth and has now gained six share points since mid-May, due to replenished product assortment being back on shelf. Growth in the quarter occurred across both volume and dollars, inclusive of a list price increase in August to reflect higher peanut costs related to reduced crop yields. With our full assortment back on shelf, upcoming distribution expansion and innovation and promotional and marketing programs returning, we anticipate further peanut butter share growth in the back half of the year. Underpinning the improvement in net sales and market share has been strong commercial execution and a continued commitment to financial discipline. Retailer inventories have improved. And we are resuming some investments in marketing and promotions that were delayed as consumer takeaway outpaced available production in certain categories. We plan to increase marketing investments in the second half of the year, inclusive of Mass media, targeted digital consumer engagement, e-commerce and the click and collect programs. We continue to balance return with reinvestment to support our brands and to benefit from structural changes in consumer behavior. I want to highlight one additional critical area of our continued execution improvement during the quarter. While growth through acquisitions has and will continue to play a role in our strategy, we continually evaluate our portfolio and have been willing to divest businesses that are no longer consistent with our strategic focus. We did this with the divestiture of our U.S. canned milk and U.S. baking businesses, the past few years. Furthering our plans to exit the U.S. baking category, a few weeks ago we announced the signing of a definitive agreement to divest the Crisco oils and shortening business. These divestitures underscore a commitment to further focus our resources on brands and categories with the greatest growth opportunities. As we move ahead, we will continue to evaluate all elements of the portfolio and make changes when necessary to align our portfolio for growth. In summary, I would like to reinforce a few key points. One, our business continues to perform well. And the actions we are taking to deliver our fiscal 2021 priorities are leading to improvement in key metrics including market share, that position us well for the remainder of the year and beyond. Two, we continue to make progress against our consumer-centric growth strategy, including increased marketing investments to position us for sustained growth, even with the future moderation of COVID-19-related demand. And three, I am incredibly proud and thankful to all our employees for their dedication and perseverance through this extraordinary time. I'll now turn the call over to Tucker.
Tucker Marshall: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Let me begin by providing an overview of the second quarter results, before giving an update on our financial outlook for fiscal 2021. Net sales increased 4%, driven by favorable volume mix in the U.S. retail, coffee and consumer food segments, driven by elevated at-home consumer demand, partially offset by a decline in the Away From Home business. Adjusted gross profit increased $34 million or 4% from the prior year, mostly driven by the positive contribution from volume mix. The net impact of price and cost was also favorable, primarily due to manufacturing operating leverage from the increased volume and net pricing benefit, partially offset by higher input costs and freight expense. Adjusted operating income grew $18 million or 5%, reflecting the increased gross profit, partially offset by higher SD&A expenses. Within SD&A, general and administrative expense increased $23 million, primarily reflecting higher incentive compensation and the reinstatement of salary increases. Below operating income, interest expense decreased $4 million and the adjusted effective income tax rate was 24%, compared to 24.3% in the prior year. Factoring all this in, second quarter adjusted earnings per share was $2.39, compared to $2.26 in the prior year, an increase of 6%. Let me now turn to segment results, beginning with pet foods. Net sales were comparable to the prior year with cat food growth of 9% and dog snacks growth of 3%, offset by a dog food decline of 8%. Pet food segment profit declined 9% compared to the prior year, driven by lower net pricing and increased marketing expense, reflecting investment for the Nutrish brand. Turning to the coffee segment. Net sales increased 9%, led by the Dunkin' and Café Bustelo brands, which continued their strong trends growing 24% and 19%, respectively. The Folgers brand grew 2%, driven by gains for both roast and ground and K-Cup formats. Total K-Cup sales in the segment were up 15%. Coffee segment profit increased 11%, driven by the favorable volume mix and reduced SD&A expenses, partially offset by an unfavorable net impact of pricing and costs. In consumer foods, net sales increased 12% with growth for all major brands in the segment. Sales for the Smucker's brand grew 11%, led by 16% growth for Uncrustables, frozen sandwiches which marks the sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. The Jif brand grew 12%, reflecting a list price increase, reduced promotional activity and increased volume for peanut butter. The discontinuation of Jif Power Ups was a $6 million headwind in the quarter. Consumer foods segment profit increased 48% due to the favorable net price and cost efficiencies related to the higher throughput in our plants, increased volume mix and lower SD&A expenses. Lastly, in international and away from home, net sales declined 10%. The away from home business contracted 24%, primarily driven by declines in coffee and portion-controlled products due to the continued impact of COVID-related changes in consumer behavior. International growth of 7% was primarily driven by increases in Canada for the baking, coffee and condiments categories. International and away from home segment profit decreased 22%, mostly driven by the lower volume mix in the away from home business. Second quarter free cash flow was $326 million, which represented a $166 million increase from the prior year, reflecting a decrease in net working capital requirements, the growth in earnings and reduced capital expenditures. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $52 million. We finished the quarter with cash and cash equivalent balances at $406 million. We paid down $216 million of debt during the quarter, resulting in a total debt balance of $5.2 billion. Based on a trailing 12-month EBITDA of approximately $1.8 billion, our leverage ratio stands at 2.8 times. The combination of the improvement in earnings and debt repayments over the past three quarters has resulted in our leverage ratio below our 3 times stated target. We continue to prioritize the use of free cash flow toward dividends and debt repayments, while maintaining our investment-grade debt rating and evaluating other strategic uses of cash for future growth and shareholder value creation. The expected divestiture of the oils and shortening business creates additional strategic flexibility for reinvestment and the ability to offset the earnings dilution with the after-tax cash proceeds over time. Let me now provide additional color on our revised outlook for fiscal 2021. The severity and length of the pandemic and related implications continue to create uncertainty in our financial outlook. Changes in consumer purchasing behavior, retailer inventory levels, macroeconomic conditions, and any manufacturing or supply chain disruption could materially impact our actual results. That said, we are sharing our expectations based on our current performance and understanding of the overall environment. Net sales are now anticipated to be up 1% to 2% compared to the prior year, which reflects the sales performance through the first half of the fiscal year and low to mid single-digit sales growth anticipated in the third quarter. Fourth quarter net sales are projected to decline substantially due to the lapping of $185 million benefit in the prior year related to the initial consumer stock up-purchasing during the beginning of the pandemic. We continue to anticipate full year gross profit margin to range from 37.5% to 38%. The projected deceleration in gross margin for the back half of the year, includes incremental trade spend investments, primarily for the pet business, timing of fixed cost expenses related to manufacturing absorption and increased freight and transportation costs. SD&A expenses are projected to increase 1% to 2%, primarily reflecting increased marketing spend and incentive compensation. Total marketing spend is expected to approximate 6.5% of net sales, with additional back half brand reinvestments, partially offset by a reduction in planned non-working marketing spend. Net interest expense is now anticipated to be $180 million. We continue to anticipate an effective tax rate of 24% and a weighted average share count of 114.1 million. Taking all these factors into consideration, we anticipate full year adjusted EPS to be in the range of $8.55 and to $8.85. Due to the incremental reinvestments and the projected reduction in gross profit margin, third quarter adjusted EPS is anticipated to be down mid-single digits year-over-year. Full year free cash flow is anticipated to range from $975 million to $1,025 million, with capital expenditures of $350 million versus the prior guidance of $300 million. As noted in our press release this morning, our full year outlook does not include the impact of the divestiture of the Crisco's oils and shortening business, which we expect to close in the third quarter. The divested net sales for the remainder of the fiscal year is estimated to be $100 million and the earnings per share impact before any use of proceeds is estimated to be $0.20. The earnings per share estimate includes $0.05 of stranded overhead not anticipated to be covered until the beginning of next fiscal year. In closing, let me reiterate Mark's opening comments, we are pleased with the second quarter results, which showed the strength of our brand portfolio and the health of our categories. With continued financial discipline, we are committed to delivering sustainable and consistent long-term value for our shareholders. Thank you for your time. We will now open the call to your questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up before rejoining the queue for any additional questions. Our first question today is coming from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning. Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Goldman: I wanted to ask, Mark, earlier this year you laid out your four key priorities – excuse me, and one of these was an increased focus on financial discipline. And I think part of that was maybe partnering with your customers on allowing you to take more pricing when appropriate, if I read that right. You did have some pretty good pricing this quarter. This is the first increase in any quarter for the total company in almost three years. And I'm just curious, how much you credit some changes that you've made to your financial discipline for that price increase versus just the ability to sort of take pricing during COVID, which I think is a little bit easier for everybody. If you could just give us a sense on how much you -- that sort of strategic change has helped you. I think it would help us understand how sustainable some of the -- maybe the pricing maneuvers can be?
Mark Smucker: Thanks, Ken, for the question. First of all, I guess, I would just highlight when we talk about financial discipline, we mean all of it holistically in terms of cash generation, what we do with the cash, our debt paydown, continuing our cost reduction, continuous improvement mindset, all of that being part of that. From a pricing perspective, I think, we've been pretty consistent over time in terms of our ability to take price. We're always very prudent when we do so. We work with our customers. We need to ensure that the pricing is justifiable. And in this case and particularly in peanut butter, it was very clear that we were experiencing cost pressures and could demonstrate that to our trading partners and so forth. So, having price discipline and making sure that we can pass along price increases and, in some cases, decreases in categories like coffee, we will continue to do so. It's fundamental to the success of our business and our ability to deliver our financial results and goals.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thank you for that. And then, for my follow-up, you talked about maybe resuming a little bit of marketing that was delayed, but you've also talked about, I think, being still tight on capacity, which makes sense and having an uptick in orders the last couple of weeks.  I'm just curious, do you have much flexibility in your marketing spend, if you feel like the return on that investment won't be as good as you anticipated, even if it's speak for all the right reasons, right, but just mainly because demand is already there excluding marketing?
Mark Smucker: Yes, great question. So first of all, when -- as we have demonstrated over the last few quarters our ability to continue to improve our share numbers, it really is important to connect with our consumers at this particular time, because as we have experienced a significant uptick in households and our brands have been, in some cases, rediscovered by consumers to really engage with those consumers is critical.  And given the fact that we are now seeing, obviously, a second or maybe in some cases a third wave, the industry is better prepared for this wave in many cases, even though the supply chain may be somewhat tight to deal with the increased demand. So it affords us the opportunity to make these investments to support our brands and do so in a very targeted way that we ensure we get the return.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Faiza Alwy of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Faiza Alwy: Yes, hi. Thank you. Good morning. 
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Faiza Alwy: So I guess, I'm going to apologize for asking a fiscal 2022 question, but I'm bringing it up only because you mentioned the dilution impact from Crisco and you're talking about some reinvestments. And what I'm really trying to get at is, how do you think about the post-COVID world? And if there's any – anything you can say around, how we should think about as you enter fiscal 2022, is the idea that you'll be able to offset some of this dilution from potential cost savings that you might outline. Just some color around how you're thinking about the post-COVID world would be really helpful?
Tucker Marshall: Faiza, good morning. This is Tucker. Excuse me, with respect to your question, we believe that we have very strong underlying growth in our portfolio across both pet, coffee and snacks and we believe that that momentum will continue into the next fiscal year on the other side of the pandemic. And as it relates to the divestiture of the Crisco brand, we acknowledge that the contribution on a full-year basis is about $270 million at top line and the EPS impact is about $0.45 to $0.55 as well. And we would anticipate over time with a very strong balance sheet, a balanced capital deployment model and the after-tax proceeds from the divestiture to have the opportunity to either reinvest in the business or potentially repurchase shares to replace that dilution. And then, lastly, as we are always committed to a continuous improvement mindset to support our financial margins over time in order to keep them strong to deliver profitability. 
Faiza Alwy: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then if I could just ask about the increase in CapEx for this year, I think you mentioned – I might have missed this, but could you give us more details around that? And then again, how should we think about sort of next year's CapEx? 
Mark Smucker: Faiza, for this fiscal year, at the beginning of the year, we had a $300 million target. We have increased that to $315 million for the balance of the year. The primary driver of that increase is due to our continued investment in Longmont to support the growth of the Uncrustables brand. And as we go into next fiscal year, we would anticipate seeing elevated levels of CapEx as we continue to build out the next phase of the Longmont facility, which is a new bakery and additional manufacturing lines.
Faiza Alwy: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from David Driscoll of DD Research. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you. Good morning and congratulations on the strong results, guys.
Mark Smucker: Thank you. 
David Driscoll: Mark, I wanted to ask about coffee. You made some interesting comments today and I want to explore them just a bit. I think you said Dunkin' Donuts was up 24%, Bustelo up something like 19%. The question I have is like, who's buying this? Is it new customers to the brands? Or is it a lot more consumption from the existing customers? And this is really leading to the thought process of what happens going forward? Do you have some stickiness to these new sales within coffee? Thank you.
Mark Smucker: David, thanks for the question. I would start just by reiterating that, in total, our entire coffee portfolio did grow in the quarter, which is fantastic. You're right exact -- you're dead on the numbers on Dunkin' and Bustelo. K-Cups were well over two times -- pacing over two times what that segment is growing. So that's also good. But again this 1.5 million new households speaks to the fact that there aren't some new consumers for sure. Bustelo, obviously, has a very strong South Florida and New York Latino base, but continues to grow with non-Latino millennials. That is a core consumer there. And then Dunkin' has -- the Dunkin' canister we're now selling Dunkin' in the canister. That item has been doing extremely well also. And in the case of Dunkin', it's a little bit of both, it's just increased consumption, because of at-home and some new consumers, but just great very proud of the results on coffee.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you so much, guys.
Mark Smucker: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane: Maybe just a follow-up on the question around CapEx. And I guess, what it's tied to is, I think Mark earlier in your prepared remarks you talked about the idea or the expectation that some of this incremental demand would be sticky, right? So, you're going to retain some of these sales and maybe some of these customers that weren't here pre-COVID. So, I guess, if that's the case, how do you -- how should we think about the need to invest, right, and partly CapEx the supply chain manufacturing has been tight, capacity has been tight? So, if you've got a bigger customer base, is there a possibility, I guess, that we will need to see an elevated level of CapEx beyond just what you're doing it Uncrustables? And maybe second to that, would it require any other investments, I don't know growth in your sales force, or just anything else that would need to be sized up, if the business has been rebased higher?
Mark Smucker: Bryan, thanks for the question. First and foremost, we actually feel that from an organization standpoint, we are very capable of absorbing the additional sales growth. From a CapEx perspective, clearly our focus is primarily on Uncrustables and increasing that. We do feel that we have been able to meet demand on the other categories and are monitoring our supply chain on a daily basis, if not 24/7 to make sure that all of the length in the chain continued to work well. That has been a focus. But from a consumer standpoint, if you just step back and think about the growth that we've experienced, our confidence in our ability to retain some of these new consumers has grown. And that is because we have seen continued repeat purchase rates, and now have the ability to target and make sure that we're spending incremental marketing dollars to ensure that we retain some of those. So I think we feel very good about there definitely is some stickiness. It's very difficult to quantify, but we maintain our confidence that we can retain many of those consumers.
Bryan Spillane: All right. Thank you. And then maybe just as a follow-up to Dave Driscoll's question with regard to the coffee consumers. Any sense yet – I mean some of that is clearly coming from Away From Home, right, maybe people drinking Dunkin' and home rather than going to the shops so – and especially, as it's tied to K-Cups. Do you have a sense yet as to how much of that consumption behavior could stick at home, meaning rather than stop on the way to work to buy coffee you just you brew the K-Cup and bring it with you? So I guess my question is, do you think that some of the coffee consumption that you're capturing now sticks because you'll actually take away from the Away From Home consumption?
Mark Smucker: We clearly acknowledge that there have been habits that have changed and folks have been – have become more comfortable with brewing coffee at home. I think as routines go back to somewhat normal, you're going to see folks go through the drive-thru and obviously we want our partners at Dunkin' to win. But clearly, the comfort with obviously the growth in Keurig brewers at home also helps the trend. So again, difficult to quantify confidence that we will retain some stickiness, but I think, we feel good where we are right now.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thanks, Mark. And Happy Thanksgiving, everyone.
Mark Smucker: Same to you.
Tucker Marshall: Happy Thanksgiving.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Chris Growe of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Growe: Good morning. I just had a quick question for you in relation to retail inventories. It sounds like those were rebuilt a bit in the quarter. Was there an increase in your second quarter inventories? I'm just trying to understand if you're at a point where you've been able to build inventory to a proper level both around the baking season in particular? And I guess any potential second wave or whatever as you said any third wave that we're on right now for the virus?
Mark Smucker: Yes. I think my earlier comment of the industry being better prepared for this wave relates to not just inventory, but all of the links in the supply chain, communicating better, collaborating with our trading partners to make sure that we can deliver. There has been some rebuilding of inventory, but I would also acknowledge that, it's reasonably tight. And so that's why we continue to manage on a -- literally a daily basis to make sure that all those links are working well together, and it has to do with communication and just staying on top of it.
Chris Growe: Are you able to produce to your demand today for example? Are you able to build inventories in your production, or are you just at a point, where you're keeping up with demand?
Mark Smucker: In some areas we're building a little bit, but we're generally keeping up.
Chris Growe: Okay. I had just a quick question as a follow-up on the gross margin. You had a very strong first half performance, you did indicate a lower gross margin overall, on a year-to-date basis. I'm just trying to figure, how much of that is the fourth quarter comparison, which is a tough one? And then, how much of it is this incremental or restarting the investment back in the business. Do we see that start in Q3, or is it more about the Q4 comp that affects the gross margin for the -- on a full year basis?
Tucker Marshall: Chris. So, as we stated, we did guide to a 37.5% to 38% gross profit margin for the full fiscal year. The back half is going to be a little bit softer. That's largely driven to the volume comp that you talked about in the fourth quarter, but it also has some incremental pet trade investments included in there. Additionally it has some lost manufacturing absorption. And then it has some incremental freight or transportation expenses as well that are impacting the back half.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for that and happy thanksgiving as well.
Tucker Marshall: Thank you Chris.
Mark Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Rob Dickerson of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson: Hi. Great, thanks a lot. I just want to spend another minute or so just on, the margin side, Tucker, so excuse me. Just -- I guess in terms of the pet trade spend that you're speaking to is that -- do you view that as essentially more temporary in nature, just given some one-offs, or is this a situation such that it works in tandem with the rebranding Nutrish and solidifying shelf right just working on that indoor, on that in-store display piece? And I'm just trying to right size, how that margin or the implied op margin so to speak, vis-à-vis your guidance falls through per segment, because it seems like the freight and the transportation is across the segments. But it sounds like pet might be a little bit lower year-over-year relative to the other segments and then potentially lower even as we go into next year? And that's all I have. Thanks.
Tucker Marshall: Rob, when you think about the investments and trade within the pet business, there's two elements there to consider. One is, as we think about supporting innovation and how we bring innovation to our retailer partners. The second component is, as we continue to advance our placement and positioning within e-commerce as well. And then, on the other costs, I think you've considered those correctly, across either manufacturing absorption and also across the freight and transportation as well.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks for the question. This is more for modeling. Your G&A is a lot higher in the quarter. You said, a lot of it has to do with incentive comp. Is that just kind of like a one quarter impact and then it tracks down for the next two, or do you – assuming that you're beating numbers, you're going to have an elevated spend for the next – for the back half as well versus a year ago on G&A? Maybe you can help us on the corporate expense line too if that's the right place to put it. And then I was going to ask about the trade investment in Nutrish. I mean, how significant is it? What's it going to bloom towards? Do you have to increase your space, or is it really just you have to swap out a lot of old SKUs and put in new ones and you're paying a flooding fee for that?
Tucker Marshall: Rob, thank you. I'm going to cover the SD&A question and then hand it to Mark to talk a little bit about the Nutrish tactics. As it relates to the quarter, you are correct. Incentive comp was up year-over-year. That's largely driven by the performance of the company as compared to what we initially anticipated. So there was a true-up in the quarter and then there will be incremental cost in the back half of the fiscal year which is included in our guidance range. And then as it relates to overall SD&A expenses, we are anticipating those to be up kind of 1% to 2% year-over-year. Part of that is the incentive compensation, inclusive of the reinstatement of merit costs as well and then also our desire to reinvest marketing dollars in support of our brands.
Mark Smucker: Rob, it's Mark. If I can try to answer your question around Nutrish a little more holistically. As you know, particularly, recently we've really been trying to ensure that everyone understands that the success of our pet business really rests on the three pillars: So cat, snacks and dog. And clearly in those first two we had great performance in the quarter. And there's still a little bit of softness in dog. What's great about Nutrish right now is as we focus on the total brand we grew it. So whether that's contributions from wet dog, from some snacks and some cat performance there, in aggregate the brand grew which is great. We knew that we were going to continue to have a little bit of softness in dog. It was more or less as we planned it. And as we've spoken in the past, we've made some very specific and targeted actions on that but we are not done. So we are – we remain very committed to that brand and ensuring that the dog portfolio gets healthy. Several of the actions that we are taking don't really begin to come to fruition until more like the fourth quarter. So yes, there has been some trade to support the brand in the interim. Our marketing was up 30% in the quarter on Nutrish. And then as we get into the back half, you will see some of the things that we talked about optimizing the portfolio in terms of getting the right SKUs, refreshing and making the packaging more consistent and then obviously some new innovation coming in the fourth quarter. So it is a journey. We recognize that it is not – we're not going to flip the switch overnight, but we remain committed to the actions that we are taking and have confidence in the brand in its totality.
Robert Moskow: I understand, Mark, but I asked about, what's the trade investment in third quarter specifically. So, is it price adjustments, or is it slotting fees to kind of optimize the merchandising in third quarter?
Tucker Marshall: No, Rob, why don't we do this? Why don't we take that off-line?
Robert Moskow: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please, go ahead.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Jason.
Jason English: Two quick ones, for you. First, are you still targeting two times -- two turns net debt-to-EBITDA by fiscal 2023? And if so, should we just assume that you'll use the Crisco proceeds to pay down debt?
Tucker Marshall: So, as we think about our desired leverage profile, we continue to focus on being at or below three times leverage, which we are there now. We did pay off an additional $200 million of debt in the second quarter and the term debt specifically. And so, we remain committed to a healthy leverage profile, also to the payment of dividends. But now, we have begun to open up strategic capacity with either our free cash flow generation or with the proceeds from the divestiture of the Crisco business, which then enables us to continue to either enhance our debt position or potentially to buy back shares to replace the lost earnings over time.
Jason English: Okay. And you just said strategic capacity, but you referenced to sort of buybacks debt. Should I -- it seems like I should not interpret that term strategic capacity to mean M&A.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. I think in the near term, large M&A is probably not what we're focused on. I think we're focused on the execution of our business and the delivery of that, while at the same time having a balanced capital deployment model and returning cash effectively to shareholders to drive value.
Jason English: Thank you. And one more quick one on Jif, it sounds like a great quarter for Jif and congrats on that. But in looking at the Nielsen data, your price gap to private label sort of right back where it was before you went through that period of investment to try to get it down. Do you think you can hold at this level, or should we expect you to have to once again get back a lot of this price to reclose that price gap?
Mark Smucker: Jason, its Mark. The short answer is no. I don't think we're going to have to give that back. I think the dynamics that caused us to take the price increase are real and they impact the broader industry. We have, in our case, a very solid supply and relationships with our suppliers on peanuts. I think, it's possible that there we could continue to see some supply disruption in the market. And so, the dynamics, whether it’d be just higher cost peanuts, quality issues with peanuts, those are going to probably persist for some time. And so, I think we've demonstrated it over the last several months that the actions we have taken have worked and we will expect to stick to those.
Jason English: That’s helpful. Thank you. Talk later. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo. Please, go ahead.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Mark Smucker: Hi, John.
John Baumgartner: Mark, I wanted to touch on single-serve coffee. Just given the return to share growth for Folgers and I guess really the sudden sustained drop in market share for private label during COVID, what's your sense as to why private label has been so pressured? Is it just a category where consumers are flocking to brands right now? Are you seeing different category management by retailers? Just how do we think about any more permanent changes in category dynamics that favor brands going forward, as COVID sort of normalizes? Thank you.
Mark Smucker: John, I think it's a little of all of what you said. I think there is some – we have a very consistent supply. We have a very robust and scaled supply chain. There's no question -- from a consumer standpoint, a brand standpoint, consumers are definitely feeling comfortable with brands that they know and trust. The primary players in the coffee category tend to hedge and use financial instruments to buy coffee. We have seen that private label suppliers don't tend to hedge as much. And I think that might have had an impact on some of the private brands. But we remain committed to our strategy of producing and maintaining a steady quality supply of food and that includes coffee, and working with our trading partners to ensure that we maintain those products on shelves and engage with the consumers wherever we can.
John Baumgartner: Okay. Thanks Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi, there. So a couple of questions. First of all, you've mentioned the freight cost inflation quite a few times so far this morning. What percentage of COGS does that represent? And can you talk about what proportion of your freight costs are already – are contracted out versus where you're having to tap into the spot markets? And then I have a follow-up.
Tucker Marshall: Yeah. Alexia, as it relates to the transportation costs, they're probably in the low-single-digits sort of mid -- probably mid-single-digits in terms of freight costs as a percentage of our COGS, as I think what we've shared before. And we are experiencing an increase in those transportation costs year-over-year, primarily driven by the environment that we've talked about.
Alexia Howard: Okay. Thank you, and just a broader question. Back in March, at the start of the pandemic, you hired a new COO. I think that was the first Chief Operating Officer you've had in the company. I'm just wondering whether there are any priorities that have emerged as opportunities and whether -- and what we might expect from the upcoming Investor Day in terms of what you're going to be sharing with us next month. Thank you and I'll pass it on.
Mark Smucker: Thanks Alexia. You're right. It's the first COO under my tenure. John, would be the first, not in our company history. But I would highlight that -- rather than maybe answer that specifically, I really look forward to having you all have some interaction with my broader leadership team, including John and others at Investor Day. And part of what we hope to demonstrate to you during our Investor Day is just the strength and expertise of this team and how each of them truly do complement each other. I have to say, I'm proud that I have never worked with the team this fantastic in my career and really hope that we can get you all to interact with John and the rest of the team on December 10th.
Alexia Howard: Thank you. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Laurent Grandet: Hey, good morning everyone.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Laurent Grandet: Some follow-up question actually. I'd like to come back to the question about the stickiness of some of your segments here. So, could you please let us know, I mean, the stickiness in your view should be more coming from retaining the new consumers that came into your franchise or retaining the elevated consumption of existing consumers?
Mark Smucker: It's actually been both, Laurent. It's been -- clearly as at-home consumption has increased, we definitely have seen higher consumption. Clearly, there's been a shift to e-commerce, which does in many cases help repeat purchase. And then, again, having seen repeat purchase both in brick-and-mortar and e-commerce on many of our brands over the last quarter gives us -- that's what gives us the increased confidence of these consumers remaining in our brands.
Laurent Grandet: Thanks. And my second one is about the guidance; you raised the guidance on really just on the topline. And with all the uncertainty about COVID and why did you decide to increase guidance now, I'd like to understand your thought process here as remember when I spoke to you about long ago, I mean, I think it's all about reinstating confidence with investor community, so being in a place where you should be able to beat guidance rather than -- or get to the guidance rather than being challenged like for more in the past few years. So, why did you -- I mean, did you decide to up the guidance now? And I'd like to understand, yes, better your thought process here. Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Laurent, its Mark. And I may ask Tucker to chime in here. But clearly one of my fundamental responsibilities as CEO is to make sure that we are providing our investors with as much visibility into our current thinking as possible and setting targets that we can meet or exceed and I'm very pleased over the last three quarters that we've been able to do that. I would -- I guess, I would just highlight that these are very uncertain times. We do feel that we have a responsibility to our investors to tell you what we know, when we know it. And so the current revision reflects a change in what we believe we can deliver. We clearly had an over delivery in the second quarter, which caused us to think a little bit differently about the remainder of the year. So, it's really about making sure that we're communicating with our shareholders and giving you the best information that we can based on what we know today.
Tucker Marshall: Mark, that's well said. I don't have anything else to add.
Laurent Grandet: Thanks guys and I’ll step it down then. Congrats on a good quarter.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Laurent.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to management to conclude today's call.
Mark Smucker: Thank you all for joining us. I'd like to just acknowledge and thank our tremendous employees, so many of whom are coming to work every day and ensuring that we have quality supply of food for our countries. We really look forward to seeing and speaking with all of you on December 10th at 8:30 Eastern, which is when our Investor Day will begin and wish all of you a safe and healthy Thanksgiving. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines and log off the webcast at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-08-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2021 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will open the conference up for question and answers after the prepared remarks. Please limit yourself to two questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you have additional questions. I will now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Aaron, please go ahead sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning and thank you for joining us for our fiscal 2021 first quarter earnings conference call. After this brief introduction, Mark Smucker, President and CEO will give an overview of the quarter's results and an update on our strategic initiatives and fiscal year priorities. Tucker Marshall, CFO, will then provide detailed analysis of the financial results and our updated fiscal 2021 outlook. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning's press release, which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally as detailed in the press release. We have posted a supplementary slide deck summarizing the quarterly results. The slides can be accessed on our website and will be archived there along with a replay of this call. If you have additional questions after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Our nation, families, and colleagues have experienced unprecedented events and challenges over the past six months. The COVID-19 pandemic has upended our way of life and societal awareness about racial injustice has been magnified. Companies, like ours, as corporate citizens have a responsibility to lead and act to help overcome these challenges. I am proud of our employees who have served our constituents, produced record volumes, while maintaining high quality and safety standards and delivered exceptional results, all amidst many personal sacrifices. I am incredibly thankful for their dedication and continued commitment to each other and our shared values. At Smucker, we pride ourselves on living and applying our basic beliefs, which include people and ethics, as guide posts for everything we do. We advocate for the mutual respect of every individual while remaining steadfast in our commitment to a positive and inclusive work environment for everyone. With our shared values and history as a foundation, we know more needs to be done, which is why we have accelerated our inclusion and diversity efforts with several new initiatives including, signing the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion pledge to show our support for marginalized groups, introducing unconscious bias training for our employees, committing $500,000 to organizations that advocate for inclusion, racial Justice, and the advancement of underrepresented people, participating in the stop hate for profit social media advertising movement, and designating June 10 as a company paid holiday beginning next year. We are committed to building on these initiatives to become a more inclusive and diverse organization while supporting efforts to ensure our communities become more equitable and just. The global COVID-19 pandemic has made the operating environment, dynamic and challenging to predict. We have built an organization well prepared to adapt to this period of really rapid change and our employees continue to execute at a high level. Supporting an approximately $400 million year-over-year increase in net sales over the past two quarters, resulting in adjusted EPS growth over 30%. In the first quarter, net sales increased 11% versus the prior year, with each business outperforming our expectations. In the coffee, consumer foods and International retail businesses, demand remained elevated throughout the quarter, driven by increased at-home consumption and retailers rebuilding inventory levels that were depleted in March and April from consumer stock up. Results in the pet food and snack segment were slightly better than expected. With consumption growth continuing for our cat food and pet snacks brands while some pantry destocking was evident for dog food. Finally, declines for the away from home business moderated ahead of our expectations as re-openings occurred earlier than anticipated. Adjusted earnings per share was $2.37, an increase of 50%. Benefiting from increased sales volume, improved profit margins related to mix and operating leverage, and reduced SD&A expenses. Due to stronger than anticipated first quarter results, along with revised assumptions for the remainder of the year, we have increased our full year expectations to include net sales flat to up 1% versus the prior year and adjusted earnings per share of $8.20 to $8.60. On our fourth quarter call, I highlighted that to effectively build on our long-term strategy to lead in the best categories, build brands consumers love and be everywhere, it was imperative to deliver against four specific priorities for this fiscal year. These priorities are first, drive consistent net sales growth; second, increased focus on financial discipline with an emphasis on maintaining or improving our strong profit margins and cash flow generation; third, harness our full suite of capabilities to strengthen our commercial execution and build competitive advantages; and fourth, maintain our commitment to our company's purpose of feeding connections that help us thrive. Now more than ever, we need to strengthen our connections with consumers, customers, suppliers, employees, communities, and our shareholders. While there is still work to do, we are off to a great start in delivering against these priorities. Let me provide some examples from the first quarter. We capitalized on the increased demand created by the shift to elevated at-home consumption, with a second consecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth. Further, market share trends improved sequentially throughout the quarter for several of our categories as we return to producing our full breadth of products, including the Jif brand, which in the latest four-week period has regained three share points since mid-May when our on-shelf assortment was limited. Other highlights include net sales growth of over 50% for the Crisco brand and 35% for Smucker's Uncrustables in the consumer food segment. And the Folgers, Dunkin' and Cafe Bustelo brands each grew double-digits in the coffee segment. We expect the consumer and coffee momentum to continue into the second quarter as we maximize production and add more variety back to shelves. We also delivered another quarter of net sales growth in pet, led by the continued strong performance for our cat food and dog snacks portfolios, which grew 13% and 9% respectively. We continue to take actions to improve our competitive positioning in the dog food category, primarily for our premium brands. Across our entire portfolio, we are adapting brand-building activities to attract and retain new consumers. Key metrics for consumer purchasing behavior were positive in the quarter, including household penetration growth of over 1.6 million households versus the prior year, a nearly 150 basis point improvement in repeat rate and a high single-digit increase in dollars per buyer. This means more consumers are purchasing our brands, they are repeating purchases at a higher rate and they are spending more than before. Our second fiscal 2021 priority is an increased focus on financial discipline. We are partnering with our customers to manage pricing, where appropriate, such as in peanut butter where a reduction in crop yields has resulted in increased cost. We have also optimized planned marketing spend for several brands by re-allocating resources to brands with capacity for faster growth such as Folgers, which grew 13% in the US retail coffee segment in the quarter. A new advertising campaign for Folgers is beginning to air this week, with content relevant to the current environment focused on attracting new consumers. We firmly believe the current environment will translate into long-term structural changes in consumer behavior and continued growth opportunities. Finally, we continue to sharpen our focus on productivity and efficiency of our spend as SD&A expenses declined 6% in the quarter. The pricing discipline, reprioritization of marketing spend across categories, and continued productivity focus, are just a few examples of our margin management activities. When considering these activities and a focus on execution, we were able to deliver sales and profit growth for the quarter. We look forward to providing more information about our margin management program during our upcoming Investor Day in October. An example of how we leverage our capabilities to improve commercial execution and build competitive advantages are the investments that we have made in our e-commerce capabilities to support our strategic growth imperative to be everywhere. In the first quarter, our total e-commerce sales grew over 70% and represented 12% of our US retail sales. We anticipate e-commerce growth to remain sticky as consumers are increasingly adopting and maintaining online grocery shopping habits as a result of the pandemic, including many first time online grocery shoppers that discovered the convenience and benefits of pickup and delivery options. Fourth and finally, is the continued commitment to our purpose. The actions I previously mentioned around inclusion and diversity are an example of some of the work our teams are doing. And I believe through the passion of our employees, we will continue to make continued progress throughout the year. In summary, I would like to reinforce a few key points. One, our business performed very well this quarter and we exceeded our expectations in a uniquely challenging period. Two, we remain confident in our consumer-centric growth strategy and have significantly improved performance across many of our category. Three, we continue to adapt and be agile in this changing environment focused on maintaining and growing our consumer base, and growing our categories and market share. And four, while there will always be more work to do our strong start and continued business momentum has put us in a position to deliver our financial commitments for the fiscal year. Before turning it over to Tucker, I want to again recognize our Vice Chairman and former CFO, Mark Belgya, who will retire September 1 and Kathryn Dindo and Gary Oatey, who both retired from our Board of Directors last week. I am grateful for the council they have provided and thank them for their continued commitment and contributions to our company. We wish them all the best in the future. Finally, we are excited to welcome Susan Chapman-Hughes and Jodi Taylor, who are elected to our Board of Directors last week. We look forward to the expertise and oversight Susan and Jodi will provide in critical areas that support our company's future growth. I'll now turn the call over to Tucker.
Tucker Marshall: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Let me begin by giving an overview of first quarter results. Before providing an update on our financial outlook for fiscal 2021. Net sales increased 11%, driven by the favorable volume mix due to elevated at home consumer demand and associated retailer inventory replenishment, partially offset by a decline in away from home channels. We estimated that the continued implications of COVID-19 contributed approximately two-thirds of the sales growth this quarter, including both increased at-home consumption and retailer inventory replenishment. Adjusted gross profit increased $89 million or 13% from the prior year, driven by the positive contribution from volume mix and a slight reduction of costs related to pet manufacturing. Adjusted operating income grew $114 million or 39%, reflecting the increased gross profit and reduced SD&A expenses. Within SD&A, general and administrative expense declined $15 million and marketing expense decreased $11 million, reflecting a shift in timing for certain initiatives and a benefit for media efficiencies and not working expense reduction. These reductions more than offset increased distribution expense of $6 million attributable to increased volume and expenses related to the consolidation of distribution centers within the pet business. Below operating income, interest expense decreased $3 million. The adjusted effective income tax rate was 24.4% compared to 25.2% in the prior year. Factoring all this in, first quarter adjusted earnings per share was $2.37 compared to $1.58 in 2020, increase of 50%. Let me now turn to segment results, beginning with pet foods. Net sales increased 3%. Cat achieved 13% growth, led by the 9Lives and Meow Mix brands. And dog snacks grew 9%, led by growth for Milk-Bone and Pup-Peroni. While still relatively small, cat snacks increased over 20% driven by the Nutrish brand. Dog food sales decreased mid-single digits, driven by declines for the Natural Balance and Nature's Recipe brands and private label dog food, slightly offset by growth for the Kibbles 'n Bits brand. Nutrish dog food sales were down slightly due to lower pricing. Pet food segment profit increased 4% compared to the prior year, driven by lower cost related to manufacturing, increased volume mix and reduced marketing and selling expenses, partially offset by increased promotional activity. Turning to the coffee segment. Net sales increased 23%, led by K-Cups, which grew over 40%. Growth occurred across all brands in the segment, including a 13% net sales increase for the Folgers brand, while the Dunkin' and Cafe Bustelo brands both continued their strong trends growing 35% and 58% respectively. Coffee segment profit increased 42%, primarily reflecting the favorable volume mix. In consumer foods, net sales increased 22%. Sales for the Smucker's brand grew 25%, inclusive of strong growth for Uncrustables, frozen sandwiches, fruit spreads, and ice cream toppings. Sales for the Jif brand grew 14%, including volume/mix growth related to refilling retailer shelves and increased at-home consumption along with a reduction in promotional activity. Consumer Foods segment profit increased 62%, due to the benefit from increased volume/mix, higher net price realization, and lower SD&A expense, partially due to the lapping of expenses included in the prior year related to the start-up of the new Uncrustables production facility. Lastly, in international and away from home, net sales declined 9%. The away from home business contracted 33%, primarily driven by a significant declines in the coffee and portion control products due to the continued impact of COVID related changes in consumption behavior. International net sales grew 21%, with the largest gains in the Canadian baking ingredients categories. Segment profit decreased 4%, primarily reflecting higher costs, partially attributable to the deleveraging of fixed costs in the away from home business and lower volume/mix, partially offset by reduced SD&A expenses. First quarter free cash flow was $332 million, which represented $184 million increase from the prior year, reflecting a decrease in net working capital requirements in the growth and earnings, partially offset by an increase in capital expenditures of $4 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $77 million, representing 3.9% of net sales. We finished the quarter with cash and cash equivalent balances at $397 million compared to the prior fiscal year end of $391 million. We paid down debt during the quarter resulting in a total debt balance of $5.4 billion. Based on a trailing 12-month EBITDA of approximately $1.8 billion, our leverage ratio stands at 2.9 times. The combination of the improvement in earnings and debt repayments over the past two quarters has resulted in our leverage ratio falling below our 3 times stated target. We continue to prioritize the use of cash toward dividends and debt repayments for the remainder of the fiscal year, while evaluating other strategic uses of cash to support future growth and shareholder value. Let me now provide additional color on our revised outlook for fiscal 2021. COVID-19 implications continue to impact our financial results and create uncertainty in our full year fiscal 2021 projections. Changes in consumer purchasing behavior, retailer inventory levels, macroeconomic conditions and any supply chain disruption could materially impact our future results. That said, we are sharing our expectations based on our current performance and understanding of the overall environment. Net sales are now anticipated to be flat to up 1% compared to the prior year, which reflects the strong sales performance in the first quarter with expectation for growth rates to moderate in our US retail segments throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. The lapping of the $185 million benefit to net sales in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 and significant sales decline in our away from home operating segment remain headwinds. We now anticipate gross profit margin of 37.5% to 38%, SD&A expenses are projected to increase approximately 1% to 2%, reflecting a desire to balance reinvestment and return throughout the remainder of the year. Total marketing spend is projected to remain in the range of 6% to 6.5% of net sales, with the step-up from the first quarter to occur in the second quarter. Other items that are unchanged from our prior guidance include underlying momentum for the business, including continued double-digit growth for the Smucker's Uncrustables brand, coffee growth led by the Dunkin' and Cafe Bustelo brands and continued strength for dog snacks and cat food. The discontinuation of Jif Power Ups which contributed $20 million of net sales in the prior year, a $20 million sales decline related to distribution contraction for private label dog food, and effective tax rate of approximately 24%, and a weighted average share count of approximately 114 million. Taking all these factors into consideration, we anticipate adjusted earnings per share in the second quarter to be flat to down slightly reflecting the low-single digit sales growth and a step up in SD&A expenses. For the full year adjusted earnings per share is expected to range from $8.20 to $8.60 and a full year free cash flow to range from $925 million to $975 million, with capital expenditures of $300 million. In closing, let me reiterate Mark's opening comments. First quarter results exceeded expectations as the team continues to execute during this dynamic time. And we remain committed to maintaining financial discipline that will deliver long-term value to our shareholders. Thank you for your time. We will now open the call to your questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Andrew Lazar: I wanted to start, you're expecting continued momentum into fiscal 2Q on the topline and I'm just trying to get a sense if that's now primarily going to be due to elevated consumption levels or if there is some impact from ongoing retailer inventory fill as well? I guess I'm trying to get a sense of whether you would expect sort of consumption or scanner data to better approximate what 2Q sales would look like?
Mark Smucker: Thanks, Andrew. It's Mark. I would say, largely the bulk of the inventory restock is behind us. There will probably be some potentially moderating, but we are seeing the trends in consumption continue. We commented in the prepared remarks, specifically about peanut butter and the latest four, we're seeing our share come back. So for the vast majority of our - of our brands, we are seeing some pretty decent consumption take away. Our focus is just going to remain largely on supporting our customers and our consumers. As long as we continue in this environment, that's really our number one priority to make sure that we're getting our products, our brands and large assortment of them to the shelves.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks for that. And then thinking out a little bit, you have a bunch of package food companies that are now really just admittedly beginning to talk a little bit about taking some of the learnings from the pandemic and sort of making some longer-term structural changes as a result of it. Some have clearly stated that they're not going back to a sort of pre-pandemic cost structure. And I realize it's still early and you're all still managing through this crisis, but I guess Smucker had the opportunity to - to take a bit of a fresh look maybe at its cost structure, and if so, maybe even if it's just kind of thinking through what maybe some of the bigger potential buckets of opportunity might be that you could, sort of target as a result of maybe some of the learnings that you're getting out of sort of going through all of this. Maybe it's too early, but to dimensionalize, maybe the magnitude of some of those potential opportunities. Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Yes Andrew, it's Mark again. Clearly, we have maintained a really good cadence of cost discipline throughout this and I think one of the things that the pandemic has taught us is that we can and will be agile and very focused on those things that are really going to drive the business. So just our ability to adapt the partnerships that we've strengthened with our customers, the ways in which we are targeting and reaching our consumers, I think we've learned that we can do those things and remain extremely focused on where we are going to find growth. As it relates specifically to our cost structure, you know we have exercised a high degree of cost discipline, but I would stop short of going any further than that and we may potentially discuss that a bit at our Investor Day in October.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Faiza Alwy from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
Faiza Alwy: I wanted to talk about of the pet business. First of all, I know you had talked about potential destocking in this quarter and I wanted to see if one that happened this quarter or if you're still expecting any destocking the rest of the year? And then I was also curious on channel dynamics around pet food. So you mentioned that overall e-commerce was 12% of sales, I'm wondering how much of that was pet and how those sales trended versus the specialty channel?
Tucker Marshall: Faiza this is Tucker. I will start as it relates to your question around destock and then Mark will take some of the channel dynamic portion of the question. As it relates to the first quarter, we did anticipate that there would be some destocking within pet. The answer to the question is, yes. However, it came later in the quarter. The month of May was a particularly strong month for us as it relates to our pet food business across both cat snack and dog. It began to moderate across all three as the quarter went on. And will continue to moderate into the second quarter, but big picture the destock did occur.
Mark Smucker: Yes, and this is Mark. Just to comment a little bit on the channel dynamics. What we have seen is the pet specialty channel continues to exhibit some softness, but there continues to be a general shift consumers going to e-commerce. One thing that was unique, just to build on Tucker's comment is the total dog category was actually down in the quarter largely because of the destock. That's the first time in a very long time that you would see the dog food category having been down. As I said in my last comments, we do view that has - we're largely through much of that, but I think the important point to note is that our total pet business is up and we've seen great growth in both cat and pet snacks. And so that has clearly been a positive as well as performance for our innovation.
Faiza Alwy: Can you, sorry, did you give, I'm just curious how much of the - like what percentage of your sales in pet are now e-commerce?
Mark Smucker: Roughly - it depends on the cat - on the segment of the category, it's about 15% to 20%. We can get the more accurate number and give that to you offline.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Ken Goldman: Just to clarify, I think you said COVID contributed two-thirds of the sales growth this quarter, and that included consumer demand and the retailer replenishment. I may have missed it, but did you break down what that two-thirds was between heightened demand from the consumer and what the retail load might have been?
Tucker Marshall: Ken, good morning. This is Tucker. We did not isolate the breakdown of the two-thirds component between consumption and retailer inventory replenishment. I think that's pretty hard for us at this point to sort of isolate. But what we do see is, is obviously continued momentum due to COVID, but we also see underlying momentum in the business as well.
Ken Goldman: Okay. I'll follow up offline on that one. And then just for my follow up, any implications in your guidance from school closures, excuse me, on any particular part of your business, just thinking Uncrustables, maybe some other areas, just trying to figure out what you're factoring in your guidance versus maybe some of the risks out there from some demand being a little bit less than what you might have expected a year ago at this time?
Tucker Marshall: Ken, I would respond in saying that we have not factored anything into our guidance due to school closures. Obviously back-to-school is a component of our fiscal year, we feel very comfortable with the way we've approached back-to-school both at plan and where we stand today. In the away from home business, as you may recall, it has an Uncrustables component and that Uncrustables component does service schools. And we continue to provide product to those schools because they are feeding America despite the fact that those school districts may be closed.
Operator: Your next question today is coming from David Driscoll from DD Research. Your line is now live.
David Driscoll: Wanted to start off back with the top line sales numbers, the sales growth. Ken asked it, but like it was - he was asking about the two-thirds of the COVID, can you just simply say what the retail inventory replenishment contributed to the top line in the quarter? I mean is it like half the number, because the differential between the scanner data and today's results really large. So, I know there is an e-commerce piece in here that's not measured, there's other unmeasured channels. But my guess is that the retail inventory replenishments, like half the difference between consensus expectations and what happened. Tucker, can you comment on that?
Tucker Marshall: David, again, we have quantified that we believe two-thirds of the over delivery is associated with COVID. Again, a portion is consumption. A portion of it is inventory rebuilds at retailers. We do see continued positive scans across our coffee and consumer business. There's elements within pet that continue to perform. There is some softness, as Mark talked about, in dog. But I think what we would guide you to is to make your own estimation as it relates to what our performance is and then what you're seeing both and consumption as well. It's our best look, but we just don't feel comfortable quantifying that impact at this time.
David Driscoll: On the guidance, first quarter beats by like $0.70 versus consensus. Full years raised $0.30. Why doesn't the full year go up by the magnitude of the beat? And Mark, it sounds like you're more optimistic on the year, but yet, just mathematically, the final three quarters are a little bit less than what we all previously had because of the nature of the magnitude of the 1Q beat. So just hoping you guys could just talk a little bit about that. I mean, I feel like there's an element of conservatism. It's just a really hard environment. I respect that, but would appreciate your comments.
Tucker Marshall: David, as it relates to the approximately $0.79 over delivery from the prior year about $0.15 of that was anticipated or planned. The balance, half of it is due to the increased at-home consumption, the retailer replenishment, better performance in our Away From Home business in the quarter. And so we are taking that portion, which is about $0.30 to $0.35, and feeling comfortable to put that into our guidance range. The remainder, which is about $0.30 or so, really reflects favorable SD&A expenses across the company, consistent in most all businesses that we are anticipating to come back into the second quarter and beyond, and that's largely driven by timing. An example would be marketing that we did not spend in the first quarter that we anticipate in the second quarter and then, additionally, some promotional activity and other reinvestment considerations. So that's really where the breakdown of the $0.79 year-over-year or roughly $0.70, as you asked. The last comment, I would make as it relates to guidance is, is that we are very focused and making sure that we are providing visibility and transparency about our results, which were quite strong for the quarter, again, what we're seeing for the second quarter and again, the back half remains uncertain for the obvious reasons of just living through a pandemic. And so as a result of that, we will just continue to provide updates as we get through each subsequent quarter and come through the totality of the fiscal year.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Chris Growe: I just had a question, a bit of a follow-on to earlier questions in relation to your sales growth outlook for the year. I think about your outperformance or, I should say, the growth in revenue in the first quarter, it largely equals that $185 million headwind you've outlined from the prior year comp. And I'm just curious, therefore, that you're looking there for - it seems like a more modest sales growth in Q2 and Q3. I want to make sure, I was looking at the proper way and then also to understand kind of what's behind that or what you see happening as we progress through the quarters in terms of at-home food consumption. And then, of course, we've talked a lot about inventory, any further inventory changes?
Tucker Marshall: So Chris, big picture. I think the perspective that you've taken is correct. We are beginning to see a moderation of growth, particularly into the second quarter within our coffee and consumer business. We're also experiencing that within our pet business. And I would also remind you that even at - even though we did perform better than anticipated on our Away From Home business in the first quarter. We do anticipate significant and extended declines in that business for Q2, Q3, and Q4. And then as you noted, we do have that comp in the fourth quarter that we do need to lap. And then further as - back to the comment I provided to David, is that we're still working through what the back half truly looks like and we'll have a better visibility to that as the months and the quarters go by. But I think big picture, you've framed it in correctly.
Chris Growe: And then just a question on your - with your debt level now moving below your target, I'm just trying to think about the cash priorities for the year. You have very strong free cash flow outline for the year. Maybe you could just give a quick thought on like the M&A environment and kind of how that pipeline looks or it has been affected by COVID, I guess? And then to think about other areas of cash use, obviously, debt reduction, but also share repurchase activity. Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: Chris, I'll address the capital deployment aspect, and then I'll ask Mark to comment on the broader M&A market. As it relates to our capital deployment or cash deployment for the fiscal year, we remain committed to generating that approximate $925 million to $975 million worth of free cash flow. We are prioritizing continuing to pay quarterly dividends. We did just increase the quarterly dividend in the month of July. We also are prioritizing continuing to pay down our term loan that continues to position us for strength across the balance sheet. And then we do need to keep our eyes open opportunistically as it relates to how and where and when we bring back share repurchases to support shareholder value and then also how we consider the deployment of cash into M&A opportunities, and I'll hand it to Mark to talk a little bit about the M&A front.
Mark Smucker: Yes. Chris, just on the M&A front, as you know, we always are - have lines in the water, if you will, and just making sure that we are seeing and have access to some of the opportunities that may be out there. I would say, generally speaking, it has been relatively light. But as Tucker pointed out, we are getting ourselves into a position where we could participate in the M&A market if the right opportunity came. But at this point, there really is no new news to report and we will just continue to monitor.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Rob Dickerson from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Rob Dickerson: Look, I think I heard you say, Mark, a number of times the term financial discipline, right? It sounds like there was a little in there around optimized pricing, margin management. So, maybe if you could just provide a little bit additional color on that, just around kind of the bigger brand focus, right, better margin mix and the potential - it sounds like there's some potential for strategic pricing. Although I also heard you say the marketing will reemerge as we kind of probably get throughout the year and then also there could be some increased promotional activity. So, just trying to kind of right-size kind of that margin trajectory for the year and ongoing around pricing, margin mix inclusive of promotional activity and marketing. Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Rob thanks for the question. You're right. Financial discipline is one of our foundational priorities, particularly for this year, as it would be for any year, but we really are focused on it this year. Tucker already spoke to, obviously, debt and just our cash generation. But we are very focused on our margin profile, making sure that we can we are very maintain and ultimately improve our margins. And that really comes from a continuous improvement mindset, which we have done a great job, just in terms of our margin management from a cost - internal cost standpoint. But we will continue to be very focused on strategic pricing, and our recent actions in peanut butter support that. We mentioned briefly in the script that we have - we did - we have seen some cost increases on peanuts, largely because of crop quality, but we were able to partner very closely with our retail customers in order to manage that in a very judicious way, making sure that we are able to pass along our cost in an appropriate way, of course. So those will all be components of how we continue to manage our profitability going forward.
Rob Dickerson: And then, I guess, secondly, just on Pet. I think in the prepared remarks, in the release, you say there is potentially some increased trade spend in Pet Food and then you also stated there's improving competitive positioning maybe in some of your premium brands. So maybe if you could just, kind of, dimensionalize, kind of, what that increased trade spend was for and then why you see the comparative positioning within premium improving. That's it. Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Right. So in our pet business, I would say, from a macro perspective, Rob, we are seeing the pet category perform largely as it normally does. Pets, I've said this before, pets always eat at home. So the increase from stay-at-home consumption is largely focused on humans. So the Pet category itself, I would just - I would say, is largely continues to - the dynamics are very similar to what they normally would be pre or post-COVID. It's a competitive environment. On Nutrish, specifically, our net pricing is down from a year ago, which was part of our targeted actions to improve the performance of that brand. But increased trade in general, I think, is - we're not seeing that largely across the entire pet portfolio.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Jason English: Thank you for slotting me in. I want to come back at two topics that have already been discussed. First is decoding the scanner data and trying to bridge it to your sales. You gave us the e-com growth figure of 70%. A quick back-of-the-envelope math suggested, it's adding around 500 basis points to sales growth. If we assume that, that 70% is not already captured in Nielsen, at least in part. So question one, is that the case? Can we actually look at that 70% and say all of that's incremental to what we're seeing in the Nielsen data or IRI data?
Tucker Marshall: Jason, this is Tucker. I think it's fair to say that the e-commerce channel is predominantly benefiting our Pet business. And so, therefore, when you look at the measured channels and then think of e-commerce as sort of an unmeasured channel, you can go ahead and make your estimation there. And then, as you want to extrapolate it across the rest of the portfolio, you can. But, obviously, the magnitude comes through pet.
Jason English: That obviously implies that the restock was fairly substantial on the coffee and the consumer side. Switching gears to the promotional environment. You guys finished last year with trade and merch spend, I think, at a record high, 39% of net sales. How is it tracking so far since we're now kind of two quarters into COVID-19? Has that figure come in a substantial amount? And is there opportunity to have this prove to be a more permanent reset? In other words, really sort of ratchet that trade spend back down to the low to mid-30s you were at just a couple of years ago?
Tucker Marshall: Jason, I think as it relates to the promotional environment, we continue to work through that on a couple of dimensions. One, promotional activity did change as we came into COVID. Promoting was reduced as it relates to pretty much coffee and consumer. And so, now we need to think about how we're bringing those promotional activities and when we do it back across both coffee and consumer and then a recognition that we also, because of either input costs or otherwise, just making sure that we have the right price reflected on shelf as well across our entire portfolio. So, I think there's maybe a little bit to what you're sharing and asking, but I think we're still working through what pricing and promotion mean, both coming into the environment of COVID-19 and coming out of it as well.
Mark Smucker: Jason, its Mark. I would just reinforce a comment I made earlier, just to respond to your comment about the restock. The restock was clearly - largely fell in our first quarter and it was more specific, of course to consumer and coffee. And as I said earlier, we are largely through that and in the most recent share information, you would see our share, particularly in consumer, coming back and seeing some share growth. Coffee has been pretty much strong throughout the quarter.
Jason English: Yes, shares improved, but the absolute level of measured growth a massively sales in comparison to the type of sales you put up. So if most of the unmeasured channel growth is coming in pet, my conclusion is we should probably look to have the measured sales growth mean revert kind of closer to net sales growth for the rest of the year, which would suggest sharp deceleration. Tell me if I'm off base on any of that.
Mark Smucker: Yes. First of all, there's been significant e-commerce growth in coffee. So there has been a market shift for coffee being purchased in the e-commerce channel. So, from an unmeasured standpoint, you definitely wouldn't be seeing the coffee growth there either.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is now live.
Robert Moskow: Two questions. Just to clarify, first of all, on e-commerce growth, that 70%, does that measure direct-to-consumer shipments? Or does it also include any click and collect at the grocery stores?
Mark Smucker: That would be both.
Robert Moskow: So it includes the click and collect at the grocery stores, it's quite possible that it's showing up in the retail Nielsen data maybe?
Mark Smucker: I would say some of it probably. It's hard to know if all of it would be, but yes.
Robert Moskow: Second question is more broader about product innovation and SKU rationalization. Mark, I think you've rationalized the peanut butter lineup dramatically. So I was hoping you could tell us like how many SKUs are you now producing for peanut butter? What were you producing before? And this is really a broader question for innovation philosophy. But how many of these do you want to bring back? What will your innovation strategy be? Do you want to be less aggressive than you were in the past, merely because you have productivity benefits from having a streamlined lineup, maybe the consumer is reverting back to trusted brands, maybe not experimenting as much? So, I'm focusing on peanut butter, but I was wondering if you could kind of make a broader statement about innovation overall, when there's been so much rationalization? Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Absolutely, Rob. Thanks for the question. On peanut butter, there hasn't been any significant rationalization of SKUs. So, as we're trying to point out a little bit in the script, when we - when COVID was really at its peak, and we were asked by our customers to focus on the most important SKUs, we did just that. And so some of the share shifting that we saw in three or four months ago was really a result of the fact that we were selling everything we could make. We were selling more peanut butter than anyone else out there, but it was a limited assortment. Now that we are able to - we're still running essentially full out in our two key peanut butter plants. We have actually been able to restock the more full assortment. And so that fuller assortment is actually now getting on shelf, and that is why in the latest four, you would start to see our share starting to grow back towards where it was before.  So significant SKU rationalization as a result of COVID, not a lot. But I will tell you on innovation, we still are committed to innovation. As I spoke to, I think, in a quarter, maybe a quarter two ago, innovation is going to remain very important. It's a balance between platform innovation and more common things like line extensions. In the quarter, innovation was - new products were 5% of our sales and roughly $100. So, we’ve been very pleased with our innovation. I know there's been a lot of focus on Jif Power Ups and discontinuing that was the right decision. But even on something like 1850, we recently gained quite a few new points of distribution, well in the thousands of new points of distribution and that brand online continues to grow very, very well. So, innovation is going to continue to be very important. We feel like we've had some success there and we will continue to drive innovation as a one component of our top line growth.
Operator: Next question is coming from Pamela Kaufman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Pamela Kaufman: I was hoping that you can talk about your pricing strategy in coffee. Just based on the retail takeaway data, it suggests that you're being more competitive on price relative to competition. So how should we think about pricing and go-forward margins in coffee, given the inflationary coffee input cost environment?
Mark Smucker: Yes. Pamela thanks for the question. I would say our coffee pricing strategy, we are extremely disciplined. The underlying green coffee costs have been somewhat volatile, but still at historical lows. There has been some uptick in the last few weeks, particularly on Arabica, and so we would expect to see some cost increase into the second quarter. That said, we have multiple levers that we use to manage our retail prices. Sometimes it’s trade more recently, it's been more trade-related than it has, specifically pricing, but we will remain extremely disciplined on the pricing front and ensure that our margins, particularly on coffee and as well as across our business, but on coffee, we've said before, we're really maintaining those margins in the low 30-ish percent, is doable.
Pamela Kaufman: And then I just wanted to ask about the improved gross margin guidance for 2021 and the drivers behind that. I guess digging into the details, you previously cited headwinds from fixed cost deleverage in the foodservice business, which you initially expected to decline by about 30%. So I guess, what are your updated expectations for this business? Have you seen any improvement? And then, I guess, more broadly, what is your outlook for commodity input prices as it relates to the updated gross margin guidance?
Tucker Marshall: Pam, thank you. At a total company level, we feel that the gross profit margin, again, will range from 37.5% to 38% throughout the fiscal year. It's largely driven by continued growth in the top line across our business. It's also supported by better than expected commodity costs at plan. Commodities will be up year-over-year, though, as a clarification. And then, as we continue to think about the Away From Home business, to the extent that it can continue to outperform the current expectations, that will also support the margin as well.
Pamela Kaufman: Okay. And any updated specifics on the foodservice business in terms of your outlook for this year?
Mark Smucker: Yes. So, as it relates to our Away From Home business, we did see an improvement as it relates to our plan for the first quarter. That was largely due to assumption we made about the timing of basically society reopening and folks leaving their homes and going out to restaurants, and we did see that improvement. However, on a full year basis, we still are pretty cautious about how we're seeing that business. It still is anticipated to be a significant and extended decline. And really, what we're seeing here is that the office coffee portion with folks not returning to the workplace as quickly, is offsetting some of the momentum or positive that we're seeing, for example, in restaurants or other venues like that. But I would note that we continue to see great performance in the handheld aspect of the business. So again, we are remaining cautious, but we're also remaining a bit optimistic that we'll do better in that business as well.
Operator: We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Mark Smucker: Well, first of all, thank you all for listening. We appreciate the support. Obviously, we're very pleased with our results this quarter, and our priority is to continue to support our customers and consumers and really make this growth sticky as we've regained a number of new consumers. And then finally, just wanting to acknowledge that all of this is possible because of our fantastic employees, and just a huge shout out to our employees because they're the ones that have really allowed us to deliver, and we look forward to continuing to deliver in the quarters to come. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webinar. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-06-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company’s Fiscal 2020 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will open the conference up for question and answers after the prepared remarks. Please limit yourself to two questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you have additional questions. I will now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Broholm, please go ahead.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning and thank you for joining us for our fiscal 2020 fourth quarter earnings conference call. After this brief introduction, Mark Smucker, President and CEO will give an overview of the quarter’s results and an update on our strategic initiatives. Tucker Marshall, CFO, will then provide detailed analysis of the financial results and our fiscal 2021 outlook. During today’s call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning’s press release, which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally as detailed in the press release. We have posted a supplementary slide deck summarizing the quarterly results, including additional information regarding net sales by segment and cost of products sold for fiscal 2020. The slides can be accessed on our website and will be archived there along with a replay of this call. If you have additional questions after today’s call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. I would like to begin by acknowledging the challenging times we all continue to live through as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. At Smucker, we are united in our commitment to support those most impacted. We are focused on maintaining employee wellness and supporting our communities, retaining our high-quality and safety manufacturing standards and partnering closely with our suppliers and retailers to ensure we can deliver food for consumers and their pets. I am extremely proud and thankful for our employees who have fully embraced our Thriving Together philosophy, which define success as driving business growth while also helping those associated with our company thrive. This approach means we take an active role in helping our consumers, supply chains, communities and the planet. Our teams adapted to a rapidly changing environment by drawing on the strength of our production capabilities and responding quickly to customer and consumer needs. Our fourth quarter results, including record net sales and adjusted earnings per share performance, are a direct reflection of the dedication and agility of our teams. The quarter’s net sales increased by 10% versus the prior year driven by the change in consumption patterns due to COVID-19. Adjusted earnings per share was $2.57, an increase of 24% benefiting from increased sales, improved profit margins related to mix and operating leverage and reduced marketing expense partially offset by increased costs related to COVID-19. For the full year, net sales were flat to the prior year at $7.8 billion, which on an organic basis, was an increase of 1%. Adjusted earnings per share, was $8.76, an increase of 6% and free cash flow was $986 million, an increase of 26%. Through February, fourth quarter results were tracking in line with our previous guidance, which called for full year net sales to decrease 3% or 2% on an organic basis compared to the prior year and full year adjusted EPS of $8.10 to $8.30. In March, the COVID-19 pandemic led to stay at home orders across the world, which resulted in unprecedented demand as consumers loaded their pantries and consumed more food and beverages at home. To maximize product availability and achieve greater operational efficiency, we produced limited SKUs within the Coffee and Consumer Foods segments and allocated shipments across our customer base as demand began to outpace production for certain products, notably for Jif peanut butter and Uncrustables frozen sandwiches. Consumer takeaway in measured channels increased 40% across our portfolio in March.  With growth of 72% for consumer foods, 37% for coffee and 20% for pet. In April, elevated demand continued in the coffee and consumer foods segment. For pet food, consumer takeaway reversed in April as pet parents began depleting the initial March stock-up purchases. Consumption for pets generally did not increase with the exception of some additional treating as pet parents spent more time at home. While stay-at-home orders drove significant growth for all our retail businesses, these orders severely reduced demand for the away from home business as restaurants, lodging, schools and many offices closed. The away from home business experienced a sales decline of 15% for the quarter and nearly 50% in April. Our ability to deliver a fourth quarter sales increase of 10% for the total company reinforces the strength of our execution capabilities in a challenging environment. More broadly, the work we have done to transform the company over the last few years and our commitment to our strategic growth imperatives to lead in the best categories, build brands consumers love and be everywhere supported these exceptional results. I will share a few examples of the accomplishments that highlight our strong execution in the fourth quarter. Let me begin with lead in the best categories. Our portfolio is tailored toward growing and attractive categories where our brands have leadership positions. Over 90% of the growth for consumer products in March and April was driven by established or leading brands. Those not only recognizable by consumers, but also with the ability to quickly scale production to support the surge in demand. In the pet food category, our market leading dog snacks and cat food businesses continued to deliver strong net sales growth. Sales for dog snacks, led by the Milk-Bone brand grew 12% and cat food led by the Meow Mix brand, grew 19% with our cat food market share improving over a 0.5 point in the 13-week period and 2.5 points in April. In dog food, strong growth for our mainstream and value brands was more than offset by the anticipated declines for the Natural Balance and Rachael Ray Nutrish brands. The declines for Natural Balance were primarily attributable to the pet specialty channel, which experienced declines in foot traffic as consumers made fewer stops during their shopping trips and shifted purchases to the grocery and e-commerce channels. For Nutrish dog food, volume mix consumer takeaway and household penetration all grew during the quarter. As anticipated, net sales declined following over 20% growth in the prior year fourth quarter primarily related to sell-in from distribution expansion and higher pricing. Despite an uncertain economic recovery, our pet portfolio is uniquely positioned to perform well with a breadth of options to meet consumer needs across the full spectrum of value, mainstream, premium and super premium offerings. Turning to our coffee business, as the market leader in the at-home coffee category, we benefited from increased at-home consumption. We gained dollar and volume share during the quarter for all brands across the mainstream, one cup and instant formats. Over 1 million new households tried the Folgers, Dunkin’ or Café Bustelo brand in the quarter, with 75% of those households purchasing Folgers for the first time during the last 12 months. We have tailored our marketing strategies to engage these new users and increase loyalty to our brands. In snacking, our Smucker’s Uncrustables business continued to deliver exceptional growth. Full year sales for the brand increased 26% and accelerated to a 50% increase in the fourth quarter. The brand benefited from increased capacity provided by the new long Longmont, Colorado manufacturing facility. We anticipate being able to further increase capacity in early calendar year 2021. Demand for the number one lunch sandwich in the U.S. peanut butter and jelly extended beyond Uncrustables as total net sales and retail channels increased double-digits for both the category leading Jif peanut butter and Smucker’s fruit spreads core products. As consumer takeaway for peanut butter continues to outpace our available production, we have temporarily suspended all promotions. Further, we project higher peanut costs in fiscal year 2021 driven by reduced peanut crop yields and increased consumer demand. Shifting to our growth imperative to build brands consumers love. Last year, we reinvigorated our largest brands with breakthrough advertising across multiple media and social platforms to support long-term growth. Stepped up investments in marketing, included projected spend of approximately 6.5% to 7% of net sales. For the quarter, marketing was 5.7% of net sales and 6.4% of net sales for the full year, just below prior estimates due to the higher than projected sales in the fourth quarter and reduced spend due to COVID-19. In fiscal 2020, we launched new advertising campaigns for 10 of our largest brands. We are continuing this momentum with prioritized marketing investments for our key growth platforms of premium pet food and pet snacks and coffee and are planning to run the first national marketing campaign for Smucker’s Uncrustables in the second half of the fiscal year. Increased data provided by shifts in consumer behavior during the quarter allows us to further refine our marketing efforts with a focus on developing strategies to retain consumers who are new to our brands. Our third growth imperative is to be everywhere, ensuring our brands are available whenever and wherever consumers shop and that our interactions with consumers and products are available on-demand and across more channels than ever before. Research has indicated that during these turbulent times, 1 out of 5 shoppers switched their primary grocery store, choosing retailers with availability of their preferred products and enhanced online capabilities, which further underscores the importance of this imperative. In the quarter, our pure play e-commerce sales grew 66%, led by pet food with over 60% growth and coffee with more than 90% growth. Pure-play sales accounted for nearly 7% of total U.S. retail and beat our goal of 5% for the full year. Further, when accounting for total online sales, inclusive of omni-channel retailers, over 10% of our U.S. retail sales were through e-commerce in the quarter, with the largest driver of growth coming from click and collect purchases. We anticipate continued strong e-commerce growth as 5% of consumers expect to use digital shopping channels more frequently in the future. I want to highlight one final accomplishment before shifting focus to fiscal year 2021 priorities. We completed the evolution of our senior leadership team. John Brase joined the company as Chief Operating Officer and Cory Onell joined us as the Head of U.S. retail sales. Tucker Marshall transitioned into the role of CFO as of May 1 and Rob Ferguson was promoted to the position of Senior Vice President and General Manager, U.S. retail pet food and snacks this week. All of these individuals bring tremendous experience in CPG to our team and I am confident that with the strength of our leadership team, we are well-positioned to execute our strategy and deliver through this dynamic period. I would now like to shift attention to fiscal year 2021. The unprecedented environment caused by COVID-19 has drastically shifted assumptions across the industry, including the preliminary direction we provided for fiscal year 2021. The increased contribution from the initial stock-up purchasing in the fourth quarter, a significant headwind throughout 2021 for the away from home business and incremental costs related to COVID-19 will be only partially offset by at-home consumption growth for our coffee and consumer foods businesses. This will result in year-over-year declines for both sales and adjusted earnings per share. Excluding the COVID-19 related benefits in fiscal 2020 and the anticipated impact in fiscal 2021, we expect both top and bottom line growth driven by the positive momentum for our key categories and brands along with incremental benefits from ongoing cost savings initiatives. We will continue to focus on executing our long-term consumer-centric growth strategy while strengthening financial discipline. In the near-term, this means focusing on executing four key priorities this fiscal year that are critical to ensuring we continue the underlying momentum and we achieve our financial goals for this year and beyond. These include: first, continued progress toward driving consistent net sales growth. This means capitalizing on increased demand within our consumer foods, coffee and international retail businesses improving the growth trajectory of our pet business and adapting our brand-building activities to win in a period of economic contraction; second, an increased focus on financial discipline, to maintain or improve our strong profit margins and cash flow generation. This includes a total company commitment to productivity, a new margin management program and collaboration and transparency with our retail partners to provide value to consumers consistent with pricing that reflects cost changes where appropriate. Third is to harness our full suite of capabilities to improve our commercial execution and build competitive advantage. We have invested in new capabilities and implemented several changes to our organizational structure, aimed at increasing agility and enhancing our category leadership abilities. We must market our brands effectively, deliver on balanced innovation and win across all channels. Fourth and finally is the continued commitment to our purpose by feeding and fortifying connections. Now more than ever, it is important to strengthen connections with all our stakeholders, including our consumers, customers, suppliers, employees, communities and our shareholders. I look forward to our team providing detailed insights into these priorities and our long-term strategy when we hold an Investor Day on October 13. More details on the logistics will be shared in the coming months. In closing, I want to reiterate my appreciation and admiration of our employees for their efforts this past year and their continued commitment as we move ahead. We recognize there is still more work to do, but we will continue to adapt as the company has successfully done for more than 120 years. I would like to also once again acknowledge Mark Belgya, who has been instrumental in the transformation of our company over the last 35 years, including 15 years as the CFO. Also, I would like to welcome Tucker Marshall who assumed the CFO role on May 1 and I look forward to working with him in the years to come. I will now turn the call over to him.
Tucker Marshall: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Let me begin by giving an overview of our fourth quarter results before providing more details on our financial outlook for fiscal 2021. Net sales increased 10% driven by the consumer demand from COVID-19, which we estimate contributed 10 percentage points to growth for the quarter. Favorable vol mix contributed 11 percentage points to net sales growth and was slightly offset by lower net price realization. Adjusted gross profit increased $85 million or 12% from the prior year driven by the increased contribution from vol mix and reduced input costs partially offset by lower net pricing. Adjusted operating income increased $78 million as the increased gross profit more than offset the $4 million increase for SG&A expenses. Within SG&A, distribution expense increased $10 million attributable to increased volume and expenses related to the consolidation of distribution centers for the pet business. Marketing expense decreased $7 million as COVID related shutdowns impacted the ability to complete certain initiatives. G&A expenses increased $2 million as incremental expenses related to COVID-19 more than offset benefits from synergies and cost management programs. The additional expenses incurred from COVID-19 totaled $12 million in G&A. Below operating income interest expense decreased $4 million driven by a reduction in outstanding debt from repayments made over the prior 12 months. The adjusted effective income tax rate was 23.4%. Factoring all this in, fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share was $2.57 compared to $2.08 in 2019, an increase of 24%. Let me now turn to segment results, beginning with pet foods. Net sales increased 6% with estimated sales related to COVID-19 contributing 8 percentage points to growth. Cat food continued its strong trends with Meow Mix and 9Lives both growing approximately 20%. Dog treats grew 12%, led by Milk-Bone and Pup-Peroni. Dog food sales decreased mid single digits, due to declines for the Natural Balance and Nutrish brands. Nutrish results were slightly better than expectations due to consumer stock-up purchasing, but more importantly, achieved increased household penetration and consumer takeaway. Sales for our mainstream Kibbles ‘n Bits brand increased over 20% and branded value dog food also grew, while private label offerings were flat, compared to the prior year. Pet foods segment profit increased 14% compared to the prior year, driven by increased volume mix and reduced marketing expense, which was partially offset by increased distribution and selling expenses. Turning to the coffee segment, net sales increased 11% compared to the prior year. The estimated contribution from consumer stock-up and increased at-home consumption related to COVID-19 was 9 percentage points. The Dunkin’ and Café Bustelo brands, each grew 19% and sales for the Folgers brand increased high single-digits highlighted by double-digit growth for Classic Roast Canister and K-Cups. Coffee segment profit increased 11%, reflecting the favorable vol mix, increases in selling and marketing expenses were mostly offset by a small net benefit of price and costs. In consumer foods, net sales increased 22%, sales for Smucker’s Uncrustables frozen sandwiches increased 47%; Smucker’s fruit spreads grew 27%, and the Crisco brand grew 56%. Sales for the Jif brand grew 8%, lapping a 17% volume increase in the prior year fourth quarter. Segment profit increased 69% due to the benefit from vol mix, the favorable net impact of price and costs, and lower SD&A expense. Lastly in the international away-from-home segment, net sales were comparable to the prior year. Vol mix increased net sales by 2 percentage points, but was offset by unfavorable foreign exchange. COVID-19 had significant and contrasting effects on the segment. International sales grew significantly, with the largest gains in baking and fruit spreads category. The away-from-home business contracted 15% overall, led by significant declines in coffee, partially offset by growth for Smucker Uncrustables frozen sandwiches. Segment profit decreased 9%, primarily reflecting increased input costs and unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Fourth quarter free cash flow was $211 million, which represented a $30 million increase from the prior year. This reflects an increase in cash provided by operating activities and a $16 million reduction in capital expenditures. On a full year basis, free cash flow was $986 million with CapEx of $269 million, representing 3.5% of net sales. CapEx spending was below our guidance range, in part due to cancellation or delay of projects, as safety and physical distancing requirements restrict to the number of projects we were able to complete in the quarter. There were two other key items impacting free cash flow. First, the company initiated a program to extend payment terms, in conjunction with a supplier financing program in the fiscal year, which is benefiting working capital. The total benefit to the full year free cash flow from the program was approximately $150 million. Second, the company settled interest rate contracts in conjunction with a debt offering in the fourth quarter. The one-time cash outflow for the settlement was $240 million, with the expense to be amortized as interest is paid over the life of the notes, which are 10 years and 30 years respectively. We finished the year with cash and cash equivalent balances at $391 million, compared to the prior year end of $101 million. A portion of the proceeds from the $800 million debt offering in the fourth quarter was used to pay $500 million of senior notes that were due in March. We finished the year with a gross debt balance of $5.6 billion, based on a trailing 12-month EBITDA of approximately $1.7 billion, our leverage ratio stands at 3.3x. Let me now provide additional color on our outlook for fiscal 2021. COVID-19 implication had a material benefit to our fiscal 2020 results and are creating significant uncertainty in our fiscal 2021 projections. Rapidly changing consumer purchasing behavior and retail and away-from-home channels volatility of input costs and any supply chain disruption could materially impact future results. That said, we are sharing our expectations based on our current understanding of the environment. Fiscal 2021 net sales are anticipated to decrease 1% to 2%. Primarily driven by lapping the $185 million of incremental sales in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, and an additional COVID related sales headwind of approximately $120 million in fiscal 2021. Together, these represent a nearly 4% swing in our forecasted year-over-year sales results. The anticipated COVID related headwind in fiscal 2021 is due to a significant and extended sales decline in our away-from-home business of $170 million. Further, in the U.S. retail pet food segment, pantry de-stocking is anticipated in the first quarter, following the initial consumer stock up in March. We anticipate no material ongoing changes to pet food demand from COVID-19 for the remainder of the year. The impact in away-from-home and pet is expected to be only partially offset by COVID related benefits for the balance of the business. For our coffee, consumer foods and Canadian retail businesses, we anticipate elevated demand extending early in the fiscal year from increased at-home consumption, and then moderating the remainder of the fiscal year. Excluding the disruption caused by COVID-19, underlying sales growth across the business is projected to be positive. Key considerations included in our assumptions are; continued double-digit growth for the Smucker’s Uncrustables brand, enabled by a full year of increased production capacity, a coffee segment sales increase, reflecting lapped deflationary pricing and the ongoing growth of the Dunkin’ and Café Bustelo brands, and continued strength for dog snacks and cat food, and improvement for the Nutrish brand in dog food. We have also factored in two items that will be a drag on top line, while having a lesser impact on profit. The discontinuation of Jif Power Ups, which contributed $20 million to the consumer foods segment in the prior year, and an approximate $20 million decline in private label dog food beginning in the second quarter due to planned distribution contractions. Taking all this into consideration, we expect low single-digit sales growth in the first quarter with Coffee and Consumer Foods growth exceeding the away-from-home decline and the pet de-stocking headwind. For the remainder of the year, underlying sales growth and at-home consumption increases will be more than offset by lapping the initial demand surge in the fourth quarter and the decline from the away-from-home throughout the remainder of the year. Full year adjusted earnings per share is anticipated to range between $7.90 and $8.30, which factors in approximately $1 of year-over-year COVID related impact, included lapping the benefit in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 and now the expected incremental headwind in fiscal 2021. This incremental COVID-19 headwind reflects one, the decreased profit contribution from the sales decline in the away-from-home business, only partially offset by other business sales growth. Two, changes in market dynamics, including unfavorable foreign currency and higher commodity costs. Three, additional health and safety costs; and four, supply chain disruption or delayed projects. We expect to reduce this year-over-year COVID-19 impact with underlying sales growth, with an emphasis on delivering profits, inclusive of ongoing cost management programs and discipline that will allow us to achieve our guidance range. Our full year adjusted earnings per share projection also includes, a gross profit margin of 37.5% which factors a higher cost driven by increased commodity cost for peanuts, green coffee and animal proteins, along with incremental COVID-19 related costs, partially offset by reduced freight expense. SG&A expenses flat to slightly down, with total marketing spend approximately 6% to 6.5% of net sales, reflecting savings generated by margin management programs, interest expense of approximately $190 million and adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 24%, and a weighted average share count of $114 million, which assumes no share repurchases at this time. We project free cash flow will be between $900 million and $950 million, with capital expenditures of $300 million for the year. Other key assumptions affecting cash flow include depreciation and amortization expenses of approximately $230 million and $240 million respectively, and share-based compensation expense of $30 million. We anticipate making debt repayments over the fiscal year, which will reduce our leverage to approximately 3x and then provide flexibility for strategic uses of cash to support future growth and shareholder value. In closing, let me reiterate Mark’s opening comments; our businesses performed exceptionally well in the fourth quarter, and we are proud of the agility and commitment our employees demonstrated to meet demand. We remain encouraged by the underlying trends for our brands and believe the actions we have taken to transform our company will enable us to achieve balanced long-term top and bottom line growth in a fiscally responsible manner, which will lead to the continued delivery of shareholder value. Thank you for your time. We will now open the call to your questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you very much. Good morning, everybody.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Andrew.
Tucker Marshall: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks. As you talked about, I think excluding COVID-related sales impacts in fiscal ‘21 and the fiscal 4Q last that you talked about, the company is looking for I guess anywhere between a 2% and 3% rise in organic sales in fiscal ‘21. You put some parameters around that and I appreciate it and I understand of course we are in a very dynamic environment to begin with but given that I guess underlying organic, excluding the COVID benefit in 4Q for the year last year, I think it was still negative, trying to get a sense of your level of comfort around that type of again underlying acceleration in sales growth as we go through this year. And then I have got – particularly giving given some of the current market share challenges in pet? And then I have just got a follow-up. Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Andrew, it’s Mark. I will start and perhaps Tucker will add on here. But first of all, I think what we have seen through the COVID situation is obviously first and foremost we had to make sure that we are doing the right things for our customers and consumers, because clearly in a crisis of this magnitude we have an obligation to consumers, the citizens of North America where we do business to make sure that we supply safe and consistent food supply. And what we have seen through that is a first of all we are in resilient categories and strategically, our three growth imperatives are right. In other words, we have demonstrated that we were able to lead in these categories to continue to support the health and building up the brand and then of course making sure that our products could and brands could be everywhere. So, given that and given that consumers have, we have seen a return to a number of trusted brands that and a host of other things gives us confidence that we can maintain some of this momentum going into this next fiscal year despite the headwinds that we are facing.
Tucker Marshall: Andrew, this is Tucker. To further address your question, we do see underlying growth in the business absent COVID as we said largely driven by double-digit growth for Smucker’s Uncrustables, continued momentum in the coffee business lead by Dunkin’ and Café Bustelo, obviously strength around our dog snack and cat portfolio and then continued improvement in the Nutrish brand. And as we have shared before in order to translate that top line growth into bottom line growth we continue to advance our margin management programs in order to ensure both profitability and earnings growth over time. This commentary absent COVID is pretty consistent with what we shared at CAGNY. Obviously, a pandemic has since occurred, so new news.
Andrew Lazar: And then the follow-up would be one of the four key priorities, Mark, that you talked about for fiscal ‘21 was that new margin management program and I think as part of it, you specifically said some potential changes in the – I guess sort of sounded like pricing architecture to be more consistent with where some of your costs might be your key inputs and I was trying to get a better sense of – if there is more color you can put around that? I was intrigued by, but still unclear exactly what that was. Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Yes. There are two separate things to be honest. But to answer your question specifically, Andrew, on margin management, we have been every year we have a continuous improvement mindset, so we continue to look at cost discipline across all of our business and functions every year. This is basically an evolution of those efforts making sure that as we continue to challenge our cost structure that we are making decisions that essentially would be permanent decisions. These are not temporary exercises, but ensuring that our cost structure is right for the company that we are and wish to become. Pricing, it was in the script, we are seeing increased costs on peanuts and on coffee. There is a number of components, particularly in the coffee, in terms of how we get to a total delivered cost. So to the extent, obviously we are very cautious in monitoring all of the various price gouging laws that are out there, but we do expect to be able to recover in a prudent and very well justified way, those cost increases throughout the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your line is now live.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you everybody. Appreciate all the details as always. Tucker, your gross margin guidance of 37.5% for next year, that would be the lowest in six years for the company. I appreciate the headwinds you have highlighted. You talked about higher bean costs, higher peanut costs, some fixed cost de-leverage, pet stock de-stocking, etcetera or pet food de-stocking, but I might have thought that maybe a bit more of the fixed cost leverage would flow through? And I know your total sales number will be down. So I think that’s probably the main answer here. But to get to the point why will this be the lowest gross margin this company has had since 2015? It just feels like that is slightly conservative, given that you had down sales years in the past, when the gross margin hadn’t gone that low. So maybe if you can, walk us through maybe rank order what the biggest drivers of that would be? That would be helpful for us.
Tucker Marshall: Yes, I can. Thank you. And yes, you are correct we have anticipated the gross profit margin to be down year-over-year, largely I would say first of all, you have to factor in the away from home impact of lost volume coming through the respective facilities, and that is having a significant impact on absorption. And so that is a key driver. So as away from home volume does return at some point that should help the gross profit margin. The second observation that I would make is, to Mark’s point, we need to continue to recover traditional commodity cost increases over time, and we are doing that. The other observation that I would share too is, is that we’re stepping into the next phase of our Longmont expansion, in order to ensure capacity for that growing business. And so, as we begin to normalize around these costs over time, we should see an enhancement to that margin.
Ken Goldman: Okay, thank you. So I’m never going to ask a company about the guidance for 2022 at this point. But I’m imagining what you’re suggesting is the 37.5%, hopefully will be a low watermark for the business, all things equal? Is that a fair way of thinking about it?
Mark Smucker: Yes, I would not align on what the outcome is going to be for the future. We obviously remain committed to ensuring profitability over time. And so right now, we are working through those elements that I just shared with you.
Ken Goldman: And then follow-up for Mark, you have a new COO, new CFO, new head of your biggest segment. You’ve changed some other high-level people’s titles and maybe some responsibilities as well within the last year. So I’m sure there’s a lot of new ideas and suggestions for changes in direction that you are hearing. Obviously, you’ve talked about how we shouldn’t expect major deviations, but sometimes voices can get louder, once they are actually in the room. So I am just curious, as you think about some of the conversations you have with your new senior leadership team, how have they changed recently? And are you hearing any bigger strategic debates within the company, that could inform us about how Smucker is thinking about the modern world, I guess?
Mark Smucker: Ken thank you for the question. I would start by just highlighting that – a couple of things. The team itself, in terms of the people is one of the strongest teams or maybe the strongest team we have ever had, with incredible CPG experience. I would highlight as well, particularly not only the new members of the team, but even those who have been promoted within, have a strong track record of delivering results. And so I couldn’t be happier with the team itself. The structure as you know was hiring a COO and John coming in had been contemplated for some time. So, I think I may have said this before is that when I became CEO, I wanted to stay closer to the businesses, but had a pretty clear sense that a COO would be required down the road. And I am very pleased in terms of the way that this leadership team has been structured. It’s a little more streamlined. It’s going to help drive accountability. And then more specifically to answer your questions, I will tell you the dialogue in the room is as rich as it’s ever been. There have been a number of – there is always differing opinions. I will say the conversations always take place with a tremendous amount of mutual respect. And we always get to a place of alignment. Ultimately though, strategy is my responsibility and so this structure will allow me to more consistently focus on the strategy of the company, the fundamentals of that strategy which you already now we believe still are the right fundamentals. And this particular structure will allow for a greater degree of agility and execution of that strategy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from David Driscoll from DD Research. Your line is now live.
David Driscoll: Great, thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, David.
David Driscoll: Great. Wanted to just to go back to the outlook, I have kind of two questions I would like to ask on the outlook it’s really just one big long question effectively. But can you just tell us, what are some of the key assumptions on – do you make assumptions on what you think happens on the virus and then eating at home when we get to the fall, do you think there is a resurgence in the virus, those are helpful pieces to understand. I certainly try to think about that when I think on how to model the winter quarters for different companies, I am curious what you thought about in giving this guidance? And then I just had a big picture question on guidance, how do you feel about your confidence level in this particular guidance versus previous years when you have given guidance at this time? I ask because I think people will put an incredible amount of weight on the numbers you guys have put out there, but I just wonder if in a normal year you are 90% confident in the guidance, but today, it’s – I would suspect you are not as confident, because this future outlook just for any of what seems to be more uncertain than ever, but would like to hear your opinion on that? Thank you.
Tucker Marshall: David, as it relates to some of the key assumptions that we considered in building our guidance, we will first say that the tremendous impact that we saw positive impact in March and April and continued momentum in May as well. We don’t believe that we are going to lapse the fourth quarter. So just big picture, that’s the first observation. The second observation is that we see significant and extended decline in our away from home business throughout the fiscal year. And then as it relates to our retail businesses, we have anticipated that pet will have de-stock in the first quarter, that’s what we are anticipating. And then furthermore as is that we will see continued momentum in coffee and consumer at elevated levels in Q1, but then begin to moderate in Q2, Q3 and Q4. And that’s kind of how we have modeled out the year. We have recognized there are lot of events and uncertainty in this dynamic time, but that’s also why to your second point we put a wide guidance range so that we have some flexibility to achieve the numbers that we have put out there, but also recognized that we need to narrow the range over time as we get more certainty in finishing the fiscal year.
Mark Smucker: David, it’s Mark. Thanks for the question. I think if I could just make one broad generalization and then maybe give you a little bit of color on the away from home business to provide a bit of confidence there. The generalization is that if you think about some of the assumptions that we have made around COVID, basically we are assuming a prolonged and gradual return to normal. I would just leave it at that. Obviously, we know things can change and so forth, but that is – the numbers that we have given and the breadth of the range are really intended to provide you guys with some degree of transparency, given that it is down from where we finished this year and we felt that it was important to provide that to you all. The second piece, just on the away-from-home business, just to give you a sense, because we really don’t talk a lot about the away-from-home business, it had been projected to be just shy of about $600 million business, it essentially consists of coffee, branded tabletop products that you would see in restaurants and hotels, like the little portion controls of jams and peanut butters, and Uncrustables. In Coffee, it consists of a roast and ground business, much of which is in offices, and then a liquid coffee business that is dispensed through equipment that we distribute with the product, is basically concentrated coffee that is dispensed in customized drinks or high volumes. So what I would like to leave you with is that the underlying trends of that business are very strong. pre-COVID, we had been gaining share across all of those segments and even during COVID, even though the sales are down significantly, we have also continued to see some share growth in those segments. Uncrustables as a segment is still – we anticipate is going to do okay and the healthcare channel of course is going to continue to do okay. But it’s the coffee and sort of those tabletop businesses that we would anticipate to be down. So I know that we don’t talk about the away-from-home business a lot, and I think it was – I just wanted to give you guys a little bit of sense what’s in there. And obviously just acknowledging, our away from home team has been fantastic and the yeoman’s work in terms of what they’ve been doing these last several months, so just wanted to acknowledge them.
David Driscoll: One super-fast follow-up on Jif, are you adding capacity, when do you get off allocation? Thank you and I’ll pass it on.
Tucker Marshall: So first of all, we have two plans on Jif. You know, we anticipated this question might come up. So first of all I just want to say, we are not apologizing for the performance on Jif, it has been fantastic. We’re lapping a huge Q4 of last year that we did not think that we could beat. And I will tell you that the Jif performance is one of the things that I am most proud of during this time. The latest 12 takeaway is about 26%, and we had been gaining share in the prior three quarters, the second, third and fourth quarters. We are clearly the leader. We’re in a much larger base. None of the other players in the category have sold as much peanut butter as we have in the last few months, and we tended to be the brand that would first sell out in the stores. So we quickly pivoted to full capacity at both of our plants. We streamlined the product offerings to the most productive SKUs, and so some of those flanker items have not been on shelves for months. But I will tell you that we are working to get a close to full assortment back on shelf in the next few months, and we will be launching some innovation as well. So we are very confident. I will tell you we are selling everything that we can make, and that has been the discipline around making sure that we get peanut butter to the various customers in a fair and equitable way has really been our focus. And just really part of the proud of the work there and you will see, we believe have confidence that our shared numbers will return to growth, as we get the assortment and the innovation up back up and running.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Faiza Alwy from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
Faiza Alwy: Yes, hi. Good morning. I just wanted to dig a little bit deeper on your outlook for the pet business? So I guess in the short term, you’ve talked about a little bit of de-stocking. But I’m wondering if anything has changed from a longer-term perspective, especially given that; one, during this pandemic there seems to be anecdotal evidence of increased pet adoption? And secondly, I wonder if during recessionary times you are expecting a shift in demand from more sort of premium pet food, especially on the dog food side towards some of the more – some of your mass brands like Kibbles 'n Bits etcetera? Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Thank you for the question. This is Mark. So, just a couple of foundational things about the pet category, yes, we saw spike in March that was really related to just stock up, a little bit of panic buying and then the subsequent de-load. I think the fundamental thing to remember is that pets always eat at home, right. So pets are not eating at home more than they used to. They always eat at home. And so the pet category, particularly the pet food segment of the category is relatively immune to the effects of the pandemic and the stock up buying. That’s why our projections for the pet business have been relatively consistent even through the dynamic of the pandemic. We have seen some additional good performance on snacks, pet snacks, because humans are at home more and they are giving their pets more treat, so we have seen some increase there and we have seen as you pointed out very strong performance in mainstream brands as consumers are watching their wallets a little more. There is probably a little bit less money in their pockets across the board. We have seen very strong performance in our cat portfolio as well as Kibbles 'n Bits we commented in the prepared remarks and so those mainstream both cat and dog food brands are doing very well.
Faiza Alwy: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. 
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Tucker Marshall: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just had a quick question for you if I could from a high level and I wanted to dig into one of the divisions. I guess I am curious, the degree of conservatism that you built into your guidance for the year. You have a wide range and that seems to account for varying scenarios. But I was thinking about, for example, the risk at least in the recessionary environment of private label gain shares, an example – are there other factors you are trying to incorporate into this outlook very early in the year given you are giving guidance for a year out from now?
Tucker Marshall: Yes. Chris, I think the objective here with respect to guidance was around visibility and transparency as what we know regarding the current environments specific to COVID-19 and then also the underlying performance of our business. So, really our scripted comments have kind of highlighted where we are see both the headwinds and tailwinds to the business. What I would simply say is, is that we see the dollar year-over-year impact due to COVID-19 and then the ability to come up about $0.34 to the midpoint of the guidance range is largely driven by the underlying growth that we have discussed across coffee and consumer and some return in momentum in pet and then continued advancement of our margin management programs that Mark spoke to earlier.
Chris Growe: Okay, thank you. And then just to understand how you are approaching promotional, I think advertising is going to be down a little bit of the year, but from a promotional standpoint you are scaling back on that, have you also altered new product launches and new product programs for the year given the environment that we are in?
Mark Smucker: Chris, it’s Mark. Second part of your question, I will answer first. We did delay the launches of a few new products, but it’s pretty much minimal. So we have actually gotten those launches back in the pipeline and we are scheduled to launch them with – in the most cases probably a few months delay. So we have gotten those things back on track and the first part of your question, marketing, so we will continue to spend against our brands. We have been very successful in becoming more efficient from a marketing perspective in terms of finding ways to strip out non-working marketing dollars as the dollars that we are spending are very effective and efficient. We will continue to prioritize those marketing investments against those brands that we think have the most upside. So, for example, Nutrish and Uncrustables being two notable ones, so again, just making sure that we are as effective as we can with our marketing dollars.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Rob Dickerson from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Matt Fishbein: Hi, good morning. It’s Matt Fishbein on for Rob. Thanks for the question. Just to follow up on the marketing piece for a second. I know, some of your peers are continuing to keep their foot on the marketing pedal so to speak, despite some of the out-of-stocks that they’re seeing, because for them it’s more about building brand equity over the next couple of months and really trying to capitalize on the household penetration uptick. And like you were saying, with advertising coming down, what’s kind of the philosophy behind marketing spend in 2021? And does that have anything to do with just going back to Mr. Driscoll’s question regarding the allocation of products. Does that have anything to do with perhaps the customers still being on allocation for things like peanut butter or Uncrustables or coffee? Can you give us a little bit – this is my second question, can you give us a little bit of an update on maybe the allocation for those for those three categories, maybe at the end of Q4, if you are more comfortable with that, only because just from an investor standpoint, this kind of takes away from the upside that Smucker’s would – we would think that the company would have, given your exposure to these categories that would fit well in this at-home consumption situation? Can you help us kind of bridge the gap there between the lower marketing spend and the allocation for products? Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Rob, thanks. So this Mark again. That was a lot, but I will do my best to answer it. First of all on marketing, couple of things; our brands are performing. You mentioned promotions in there and we have pulled back on promotions, on things like peanut butter and coffee, in part because the customers have asked us to do that, and also because there isn’t a need to promote as much, because consumers, those products are in very high demand. And similarly, the marketing dollars that we have out there, some of those brands don’t need as much marketing support in this current environment, because the brands are selling themselves. In some cases, we have actually pulled certain advertising campaigns off air, because we felt that the themes in those advertising campaigns were not appropriate for the current environment. So for example, Jif and Dunkin’ both had advertising that sort of had an apocalypse theme, we have pulled those. So that’s just one example. Moving forward, as we have obviously engaged with consumers a lot over these past few months, there is a lot more data available and so it affords us the opportunity to tailor our marketing efforts, more specifically to different tribes of consumers or what have you. So I would not say in any way that we are taking our foot off the gas. We still launched 10 new campaigns this past year and we’re going to keep pushing against almost every one of those. We are just going to be laser focused on which brands, as I said earlier, are going to get the most resources and really make sure that we’re tailoring those efforts. As to your question about allocations, I would say the worst of it is over, at least given the spike you know, we mentioned in the script, the peanut butter and Uncrustables both experienced some allocations, and as I already said, we are getting our fuller assortment back on shelves. So from an allocation standpoint, I would tell you, we believe that we are past the biggest constraint period.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Your line is now live.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi, there. So actually just following up on the previous question, you have got – I know you just talked about some of your allocation and everything should be fairly smooth sailing from here. But you have got a number of categories where volume growth has been incredibly harsh over the last few last few months, obviously, single-serve coffee, the oil business, the jams and jellies and the frozen sandwiches. If the demand continues at its current pace, do you have enough supply? I mean, can you keep the production levels at this kind of level without having more inventory problems going down the road? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark Smucker: Alexia, the short answer is yes. In almost everywhere we really do have the requisite capacity, the highest demand products, again peanut butter and Uncrustables have been very high, obviously, coffee as well, but we do have enough capacity to service what we are viewing the demand will be over the next several quarters.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then the follow-up is just around this idea of seeing everywhere, I mean, in an environment like this, where distribution channels are shifting so rapidly, I mean, little bit more targeted approach that focuses on the fastest growing channel is the most profitable market where your products have returned to be really viable. Does it actually make sense to be pushing your distribution as far as you possibly can on incenting your sales people to be pushing volumes wherever you can or would it be better to be able to be a bit more focused in this environment? Thank you. And I will pass it on.
Mark Smucker: Yes. Alexia, I think I understand your question, our sales team is incented to obviously sell profitably. And so we are focused on making sure that we are really getting the products where they need to be. If you think about e-commerce, what was interesting about this quarter was that we did see a large increase in click and collect sales, which tend to have profitability more in line with brick-and-mortar. I will also say that even our e-commerce, our pure-play e-commerce sales which are up significantly notably on smaller brands like 1850, we are making progress to ensuring that our profitability across all channels is relatively in line.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Mark Smucker: You there, Jason?
Operator: Perhaps, your phone is on mute sir.
Jason English: Yes, hi. Can you hear me now?
Mark Smucker: Yes. Good morning, Jason. Good morning.
Jason English: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for slotting me in. Sorry about that. So, I appreciate all the volatility, especially some of the year-on-year noise, but if we rewind to sort of CAGNY before all the stuff set in and look at your expectations then and compare them to what you are expecting now? You are forecasting a sales level talking about year-on-year, but sales level next year that’s lower than what you would have expected at CAGNY and at earnings level, that’s lower also. And I appreciate that you got like 6.5% of your business that’s under pressure, but you have got about 50% of your business that has some consumption tailwinds right now. So if anything, I would step back and think that the baseline now should be higher for next year. What’s the offset? Where is the net softness if you think about fiscal 2021 relative to what you were expecting just a couple of months ago?
Mark Smucker: Thanks for the question. I will tell you I am not sure that we aligned to the premise that what we have shared at CAGNY is not happening absent the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. We are based on our analyses looking and seeing that we are seeing some top line growth at a total company level. We have communicated on our scripted comments what those were around Smucker’s Uncrustables, growth by Dunkin’ and Café Bustelo brands within the coffee segment, obviously continued growth in cat food and dog snacks, along with improvement in the Nutrish brand as well within the dog food area. And so that also is translating down to the bottom line in terms of demonstrating bottom line growth as well, not only from those incremental sales, but more importantly also through our ongoing margin management program. So, I am not sure that there is a vacuum or a hole like you have said. I think the reality of it is, is that we do see growth in our business both top and bottom line through the COVID situation.
Jason English: Okay. I’ll try to walk through that offline with you guys later, just so I can fully wrap my head around it, but just switching topics now kind of back to your pet food business. You are looking at what we see in consumption data. We obviously saw the big growth in March and the de-stock in April from a consumer perspective. But it looks like may has kind of come back to normal consumption. So I guess my question is, what’s driving your anticipation of the de-stock hitting you guys in May? Is it just the shipment timing thing? And then secondly on pet, you were talking throughout the year of private label wins beginning in the fourth quarter, planned private label wins? But now you’re talking about planned private label losses being in the second quarter. What’s changed on the private label side?
Mark Smucker: Jason, it’s Mark. The easy answer to your first question about the de-stock, it is just timing and it’s just the way that as – what we’re seeing from consumer takeaway would indicate to us that folks, as they stocked up in March, is just taking a little bit time through this quarter, for them to get through the product that’s in their pantries.
Tucker Marshall: Yes, Mark. And I guess in support of the private label question, there is a private label headwind impact, just due to some discontinued business in the fiscal year.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is now live.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. I was hoping to understand the – it’s a $170 million headwind in away-from-home in fiscal ‘21. But when I look at your fourth quarter results, it was a little hard to tease out, how it could be that date, because what the press release says, is that COVID decreased sales by 1%, reflecting a 21% decrease in away-from-home. So if a 21% decrease in away from home will only hurt your top line by 1% in that division, I guess the big question is, how big is away from home and what kind of a total decline are you expecting for the year on a percentage basis?
Tucker Marshall: Yes. So, Rob, the way that we have thought about the $170 million, is that that is the year-over-year impact of a) not being able to lap what occurred in the fourth quarter for away-from-home, along with the extended decline over a 12-month period for away from home. And so that is what’s happening in that $170 million number, that’s having both – away-from-home actually had a good couple of months, before it saw the decline in April, and then it seemed the decline over the 12-month period. So it’s lapping that kind of fourth quarter, little bit of a sales benefit, and then seeing the full impact starting in April over that 13-month period. So that’s the first thing, as it relates to away from home. I think Mark said in his comments earlier, the away-from-home business is about $550 million to $600 million business.
Robert Moskow: Okay. So – alright, well I guess I will walk through the math with you later.
Tucker Marshall: Sounds great.
Robert Moskow: Alright. I’ll hop off. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from John Baumgartner from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Mark Smucker: Thanks, John.
John Baumgartner: Mark, just looking big picture, if you go back to the Investor Day 18 months ago, there was a lot of focus on seven or eight fast growth brands that were guided to high-single digit growth in your framework. And flash forward to the present, Power Ups discontinued, 1850 has not really scaled yet. We are aware of the struggles at Nutrish, so if you reframe that growth discussion for us now, like what’s – I mean, are you assuming a new wave of innovation come through here? Are you more inclined to just set the lower contribution from the growth brands? And then just down shift or concentrate in your brand investment accordingly, how do you think about the puts and takes in that business?
Mark Smucker: John thank you for asking that question. If you rewind the clock, we did put a lot of focus on just a couple of brands in our portfolio. Notably, Jif and our Jif Power Ups and 1850. As, we have made a difficult, but correct decision on Power Ups, given the profit trajectory of that brand. We don’t view it as a failed launch, but I think it required a bit more discipline on the profitability side. As it relates to 1850 and then I will answer your question more broadly, we are not giving up on 1850. It does have upside. In fact, it is doing exceptionally well online and we are able to just recently secure some additional brick-and-mortar distribution for that brand. So, we still feel that 1850 has runway. It’s never going to be a $0.5 billion brand, but it does play a role in our portfolio. But I would point out to you that in the fiscal year that we just finished as we look at all new products in aggregate and the way we measure that, as many companies do, is products launched in the last 3 years and accumulate – or in a rolling fashion are those that we consider new products. Those new products in totality contribute about $360 million to our top line during the year. So I would submit to you that although we were shining the spotlight on a few brands when you look across our portfolio more broadly, innovation is still incredibly important and we will continue to drive innovation, notable innovations that we will be seeing this year would be on Jif and Nutrish among others. So, it still plays a key role in our portfolio.
John Baumgartner: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Pamela Kaufman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi, good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Pam.
Pamela Kaufman: You highlighted in the prepared comments that leading brands are benefiting from the current environment? I guess based on your conversations with customers, what do you see as the implications for shelf space for your product over the coming quarters? And do you expect to see any changes to retailer strategy when it comes to managing your key categories?
Mark Smucker: You know, that’s a difficult one to answer. I would say that a couple of things that are important to highlight is what has come to light is that our brands do matter to consumers and many – our stated strategic vision is to inspire and delight consumers. And I will tell you that if you look at Folgers, how many new households that we penetrated with Folgers that many consumers have sort of rediscovered their delight for our brands and that is the key thing that we really must leverage as we move forward with our marketing efforts to make sure that those feelings, those sensations about our brands truly do stick. As it relates to customers, it’s a little early to really give a sense there. And I do think customers will think – this will cause customers to think differently about how they merchandise in their store. But I am hopeful and cautiously optimistic that we will see a return to or a greater support of some of these leading brands, which maybe – heretofore were considered slightly lackluster. So even with a brand like Folgers which we saw tremendous growth and tremendous improvement in household penetration we will continue to reinvigorate to think about how we market those brands in a new and more contemporary way.
Pamela Kaufman: Thanks. And what is your view on the impact of the macro environment on the consumer and any views on potential for down-trading in your categories as a result? I guess how are you thinking about private label trends going forward? And in the past, what kind of performance did you see across your portfolio during challenging economic times?
Mark Smucker: Well, traditionally our brands and categories tend to perform reasonably well during times which are economically challenged. And I guess I would just leave it at that.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Mark Smucker: Yes, I just first of all wanted to thank each and every one of you for tuning in today. I know it was bit of a longer call, but we felt that it was important to try to get as much information out there as we could and just thank you for your patience and your attention. Most importantly though, I would like to thank our employees who have truly risen to the occasion to serve our nation and I could not be prouder of the work that we have done considering that we have been working virtually now for several months and the pivot to agility and focus has been noticeable and phenomenal, so just wanted to take a moment to acknowledge our employees and thank you all for listening.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-02-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2020 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open the conference up for question and answers, after the prepared remarks. Please limit yourself to two questions during the Q&A session, and re-queue if you have additional questions. I will now turn the conference call over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning and thank you for joining us for our fiscal 2020 third quarter earnings conference call. After this brief introduction, Mark Smucker, President and CEO will give an overview of the quarter's results and an update on our strategic priorities. Mark Belgya, Vice Chair and CFO, will then provide detailed analysis of the financial results and our fiscal 2020 outlook. Also joining us for our Q&A session following the prepared remarks is Tucker Marshall, Senior Vice President and Deputy CFO. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the Company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning's press release, which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the Company uses non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally as detailed in the press release. We have posted a supplementary slide deck summarizing the quarterly results and fiscal 2020 full year outlook. The slides can be accessed on our website and will be archived there along with the replay of this call. If you have additional questions after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. It was great to see many of you last week at CAGNY. We appreciated the opportunity to provide an update on our vision and strategy, the progress being made on our growth imperatives, our purpose and related ESG efforts. We continue to take decisive actions to improve performance and remain focused on executing against a clear set of priorities. We will deliver earnings growth and long-term shareholder value by prioritizing resources toward our key growth platforms, continuing increased investments to reinvigorate our brands, enhancing category leadership and executing focused operational and financial discipline. Overall, our third quarter financial results were in line with our expectations, as our anticipated decline in net sales was offset by the benefits of our targeted actions to deliver adjusted EPS growth of 4%. These actions include an increased focus on consumer-facing marketing, prioritization of resources and a reduction in discretionary spending. Net sales declined 2%, compared to the prior year, reflecting softness in our dog food business, particularly related to our private-label products and the Natural Balance brand. Net sales for the balance of our portfolio were essentially flat with the deflationary commodity costs being passed on to consumers through lower pricing in coffee and peanut butter, mostly offset by volume growth. Highlights from the quarter included strong performance for key brands within our focused categories of pet food and pet snacks, coffee and snacking. Starting with pet food, our cat food business achieved low-single-digit growth, which marked the ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales growth for our cat portfolio. While dog snacks declined slightly overall, primarily due to the shift of a large retailer promotional event in the third quarter of the prior year to the fourth quarter of this year, we were pleased with the performance of our category-leading Milk-Bone brand, which achieved low-single-digit growth and benefited from innovation, which is expanding the brand into new treat segments including rawhide alternatives. As anticipated, Nutrish pet food net sales declined due to the impact of retailer inventory build related to new distribution in the prior year and competitive activity in the premium dog food category. As we discussed on last quarter's call, the team is executing a set of targeted actions to improve the Nutrish brand’s consumer value proposition and reinvigorate performance. During the quarter, we saw positive consumer response to these actions as household penetration for the brand improved and consumer takeaway across all channels grew by 5% sequentially from the second quarter, including online and the pet specialty channel. Looking forward, further actions will be implemented in the fourth quarter, including the new marketing campaign that leverages the equities of Rachael Ray and real food ingredients. While consumption trends are improving, we expect shipments to decline in the fourth quarter as we lap significant distribution expansion in the prior year. We remain on track to return the brand to growth in fiscal 2021. In coffee, segment profit grew, even though net sales were comparable to the prior year as lower green coffee costs are being passed through to consumers. Volume in the segment grew for the sixth consecutive quarter, and the Folgers brand achieved its highest volume quarter in over three years. Dunkin' and Café Bustelo continued their growth trends, up 4% and 13%, respectively, benefiting from expanded distribution, increased household penetration and the impact of new marketing campaigns. K-Cup sales also increased 7% with growth for each brand in the portfolio. In snacking, the Smucker's Uncrustables brand accelerated to 23% growth in the quarter and we expect similar growth in the fourth quarter. As we shared at CAGNY last week, we're excited about the potential of the Uncrustables brand, its continued trajectory for growth and the upcoming innovation that will expand the platform beyond peanut butter and jelly into convenient meat and cheese snacks. As we announced last week, we made the difficult decision to discontinue Jif, Power Ups early next fiscal year. Our principles of financial discipline guided this decision to reallocate resources to areas of the portfolio we believe will generate faster and greater financial returns, such as upcoming Jif innovation and the Uncrustables platform. While Power Ups was successful in attracting new consumers to the Jif brand, and will contribute approximately $20 million to net sales this year, the long-term profit projections in the competitive bar category were below our expectations. And we believe this is the right long-term decision. I will now turn to the progress made against our consumer-centric growth imperatives to lead in the best categories, build brands consumers love, and be everywhere. Let me start with leading in the best categories. In coffee, this was the first quarter in five years that the category experienced retail sales contraction due to deflation. However, with the number one and number three brands in the category, we grew volume share across all formats, including canister, premium bags and K-Cups. The Dunkin' and Café Bustelo brands continued to perform well, with increased household penetration and market share gains this quarter. In snacking, Smucker's Uncrustables is the fastest growing brand in the frozen snacks category. With the new production facility on line and phase two expansion underway, we will have ample capacity to support demand and achieve our goal to grow net sales for the Uncrustables brand to over $500 million annually in fiscal year 2023 and further expand our leadership in this category. Turning to our strategic imperative of building brands consumers love. We're excited about our new advertising as we have now launched new campaigns for 10 of our largest brands this fiscal year. Our new advertising campaigns have received accolades across the advertising industry. Commercials for the Jif and 1850 brands received recognition as the top 100 global ads in 2019. While it is too early to measure the full impact of the new campaigns, indications from the launches earlier in the fiscal year are strong and correlate with recent market share gains for the Jif and Smucker's brands. Marketing spend for the quarter was 6.1% of net sales and 6.6% of net sales through the first nine months of the fiscal year. We remain committed to our investments in consumer-facing marketing and continue to project marketing spend of 6.5% to 7% of net sales for the full year. Our third growth comparative is to be everywhere. We know that consumers shop and interact with brands on demand and across multiple channels. Therefore, we need to be wherever consumers shop and available anytime. Within the e-commerce channel, we continue to deliver solid growth, particularly in the pet food and coffee categories. In the third quarter, our sales to pure play e-commerce retailers continued to grow double digits, accounting for 5% of total U.S. retail sales. Including click and collect through traditional retailers, our e-commerce sales account for nearly 8% of our U.S. retail sales. The 1850 brand is performing excellent online with sales quadrupling over the past year. We have also extended the brand into the Canadian and Away From Home channels. In closing, we remain confident in our strategy and are making progress against our growth imperatives. We will continue taking decisive actions to improve performance and remain focused on a clear set of priorities, including prioritizing resources to focus on key growth opportunities including premium pet food, pet snacks, premium coffee and Uncrustables, continuing investments to reinvigorate our brands, enhancing category leadership by strengthening key consumer and customer-facing activities to build competitive advantage and finally practicing strict financial discipline. This is all in addition to the leadership searches we have underway. We are actively evaluating candidates for the positions announced in mid November. We are pleased with the quality of candidates and are confident we will fill these critical positions with leaders, who will strengthen our organization. Execution on all of these actions is creating momentum for growth and increasing shareholder value. Finally, I would like to thank all of our dedicated employees for their continued efforts, which firmly position the Company for a bright future. I will now turn the call over to Mark Belgya.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Before discussing third quarter results, I wanted to summarize the four financial priorities we outlined last week at CAGNY: First, consistent sales and earnings growth; Second, increased free cash flow; Third, capital deployment in a balanced manner with approximately 50% reinvested in the business and 50% returned to shareholders, including maintaining an investment grade rating; And fourth improvement of our return on invested capital. We are committed to ensuring that the top-line growth translates to improved earnings per share performance. As we increase marketing investments to accelerate top line growth, improve asset productivity, and sharpen our spending discipline, we will deliver earnings and free cash flow growth. We have been building upon these financial priorities this year with a line of sight for momentum to continue. I encourage you to review our full CAGNY presentation available on our Investor Relations website. Now, let me turn to third quarter results. Net sales declined 2%, reflecting reduced volume mix for dog food, primarily related to private label and Natural Balance. For the balance of our portfolio, lower net pricing on coffee and peanut butter was mostly offset by increased volume mix for coffee and Smucker's Uncrustables. Adjusted gross profit decreased $24 million from the prior year or 3%. The gross profit decline resulted from the net impact of lower pricing in excess of lower costs for coffee and peanut butter and the reduced volume mix in dog food. Adjusted operating income declined $10 million compared to the prior year, also a decrease of 3% as the gross profit decline was partially offset by reduction in marketing, and general and administrative expenses. Both gross profit and operating income benefited from incremental synergy realization, which has now achieved our $55 million goal. Interest expense decreased $7 million, driven by a reduction in outstanding debt resulting from repayments made over the prior 12 months. Other income and expense was $7 million favorable in this quarter due to non-recurring litigation costs in the third quarter last year. Finally, the adjusted effective income tax rate was 23.1% versus 25.8% in the prior year, reflecting final adjustments from certain new provisions of U.S. tax reform. This resulted in third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $2.35 compared to $2.26 in the prior year, an increase of 4%. Let me now turn to segment results beginning with pet. Net sales declined 5% compared to the prior year, driven by both branded and private label dog food. Softness in premium dog food continued as expected with a 13% decline for the Natural Balance brand and a 4% decline for the Nutrish brand. Sales of private label products continued to be a headwind in the quarter, impacting net sales by 2%. These declines were partially offset by cat food as the Meow Mix brand continues to grow. Both our total cat portfolio and the Meow Mix brand achieved the highest quarterly net sales since we entered the pet category. Dog snacks declined slightly compared to the prior year, primarily due to a large retailer promotion in the third quarter last fiscal year that will occur in the fourth quarter of this year. However, the Milk-Bone brand delivered continued growth. Pet food segment profit decreased 1% compared to the prior year. The decrease was driven by lower volume mix, which was mostly offset by an $8 million litigation settlement related to a supplier issue in the prior year and a decrease in marketing, reflecting the reduction of non-working expenses and a timing shift to the fourth quarter from new advertising. I'll wrap up the pet segment with an item noted in our press release this morning. Due to the continued sales decline for Natural Balance in the pet specialty channel and our decision to reposition the brand within our pet food portfolio, our GAAP results include a non-cash impairment charge of $52 million attributable to the Natural Balance brand. Going forward, we anticipate ongoing work to optimize the mix of grain-in and grain-free offerings, a refreshed parking campaign and sharper price points will improve trends for the brand next fiscal year. Turning to the coffee segment. Net sales were comparable to the prior year, a 5 percentage point impact from lower net price realization, reflecting the pass-through of lower green coffee costs by way of increased trade spend was mostly offset by favorable volume mix, particularly for Dunkin' Donuts and Café Bustelo brands. Dunkin' grew 4% in the quarter and Café Bustelo grew double digits with the 13% growth in the quarter. These brands mostly offset a 4% sales decline for the Folgers brand where most of the price reduction was incurred. K-Cup sales increased 7% with growth across each brand in the portfolio. Coffee segment profit increased 3%, mostly reflecting the favorable impact of volume mix and lower marketing expense, which was slightly offset by the net impact of lower pricing and lower input cost. In Consumer Foods, net sales were comparable to the prior year. Favorable volume mix driven by increases for the Smucker's Uncrustables and Jif brands contributed 4 percentage points. This was offset by lower net pricing, primarily attributable to the Jif brand, resulting from a list price decline taken in the fourth quarter of the prior year. Uncrustables sales growth in the segment was 29% in the quarter and 45% on a two-year stack basis. Consumer Foods segment profit declined 12%, driven by a net unfavorable impact of lower pricing in excess of lower cost and a $7.5 million equipment write-off related to the discontinuation of Jif Power Ups, partially offset by a benefit from volume mix. And lastly, in International and Away From Home segment, net sales were comparable to the prior year. Volume mix and net price realization were slightly unfavorable and were more than offset by favorable FX of $1 million. Segment profit decreased 7% due to the impact of lower volume mix and higher SG&A expenses. Third quarter free cash flow was $465 million, a $132 million increase over the prior year, reflecting an increase in cash provided by operating activities and a reduction in CapEx, following the completion of the first phase of the Longmont, Colorado facility. Working capital initiatives contributed a large portion of the improved cash flow in the quarter. The Company made net debt repayments of $320 million in the quarter, ending January with a total debt of just under $5.4 billion. Based on a trailing 12-month EBITDA of just over $1.6 billion, our leverage was 3.3 times. We continue to progress toward our goal of 3 times. Let me conclude my comments with an update on our full year outlook. As noted in this morning's press release and communicated at CAGNY, we maintain our full year guidance. Expectations are for net sales to be down 3%, compared to the prior year or down 2% on an organic basis. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $8.10 to $8.30. Key components include gross margin of approximately 38.2%, SG&A expenses declining approximately 2.5% compared to the prior year, interest expense at $200 million, and an effective tax rate of 24%. Our projections for free cash flow remain $850 million with CapEx estimated at $300 million to $320 million. In closing, let me reiterate that we're pleased with this quarter’s earnings performance and remain focused on delivering on our guidance for the year. I am confident that we have put in place the building blocks to deliver against our financial priorities, consistent earnings growth, free cash flow growth, balanced capital allocation, including delevering of the balance sheet and improvement of return on invested capital. Thank you for your time this morning. We will now open the call for your questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody, and good to see you all last week.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Sure. I guess, first off, just keying in on gross margins. They came in somewhat below what would we and I think many had modeled for some of the reasons you talked about, Mark, around costs, in excess of pricing. And, I guess, with the expectation for fiscal ‘21 for sales to be flat to slightly up and more reinvestment obviously to continue to drive the top line, I guess, I'm trying to get a better sense if gross margin in ‘21 can be maybe a bit of a funding mechanism for some of this planned investment or not, and what might drive that? And then, just a follow-up.
Mark Belgya: I will probably not be able to go deep in this question, only because of what we said last week that where we are in our planning process. And for those that did not hear, we said that our top-line, our expectations, it would be flat to something slightly up, and then we expected earnings per share growth, but we really didn't go deeper than that. I guess, my only other response would be, just going through the first nine months of kind of what we've called out the gross profit or gross margin level, there's been a few things. And what jumped out most notably is the Longmont overhead situation where because of the start-up we had significant under-absorption. We'll certainly be running much more volume to that plant next year. So, that would be an additive. But, to go much beyond that or to quantify it, I don't think we're in place to do that.
Andrew Lazar: Understand. And then, some of the 3Q upside, I'm trying to get a sense of, if there are some -- any discrete reasons that you see at this point that some of that would come out of 4Q? I think you did mention maybe some shifting of marketing in pet into the fourth quarter. So, I'm trying to get a sense of how much of that upside in EBIT, let's say relative to our expectations where -- would come out of 4Q, for let's say some discrete reasons that you know about versus not? Thank you.
Mark Belgya: Yes. I think, that specifically the fourth quarter, the marketing would be what comes to mind. We certainly were behind last year's third quarter. Some of that was definitely due to timing, and would come through in Q4. I think, when you look at other costs, I don't think there's anything specifically that I would think would reverse itself to the negative in Q4.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ken Goldman from JP Morgan. Your line is now live.
Ken Goldman: Two for me. First, if I look at the midpoint of your 2020 guidance range, I know it's a broad sort of set of numbers there. But, it does imply a little bit of improvement to your sales growth sequentially from the fourth quarter -- to the fourth quarter from the third, and a pretty good gross margin too, a lot better than what you've previously showed in the fourth quarter. So, I just wanted to know if we could walk through, sort of collect some of the tailwinds that are leading you to, what I think is a reasonably optimistic number there. You talked about marketing; you talked about the timing of the dog snacks promo. I'm just wondering if there's any other areas where you expect maybe a meaningful sort of push for that fourth quarter. Maybe it's a pricing comparison that looks pretty easy. I'm just curious if I'm missing something big there.
Mark Belgya: Ken, this is Mark Belgya. Yes. I think one of the things on the price you mentioned is that we did take the price on Jif last year in fourth quarter. So, we will be lapping that. So, in terms of top-line, that's 1 point. Although we had a really strong fourth quarter from a volume perspective of peanut butter. So, there can be some offset. But in terms of that there's really not a whole lot, kind of back to Andrew's point that is significantly different versus the third quarter in terms of gross profit items or SG&A.
Ken Goldman: Okay. I'll follow up with that offline.
Mark Belgya: Yes. Ken, I'm sorry, just one of the thoughts to update. The only other thing that comes into play and just unfortunately gets varied a little bit in the sales and volume mix is probably some positive mix on the sales that are coming through. That does tend to benefit us and we think that will continue in Q4.
Ken Goldman: Okay. So, that's helpful. Thank you. And then, I had a question for Tucker. I think, you said Tucker is available for the Q&A. Right?
Mark Belgya: He is. Yes, he is.
Ken Goldman: Tucker, some of the -- as you think about sort of your role as an incoming CFO, obviously long-term targets are part of that. The Company still has some growth targets out there for the long-term that are I think many investors would consider fairly aggressive. I realize these are -- they won’t kick until '23. But, I’m just curious your level of comfort with some of these numbers, especially given that -- I guess some of these targets were forged maybe a bit before the Company became more committed to ROIC in all of its decisions. So, just curious for your thoughts on like 2% to 3% top-line, 8% bottom line, items like that?
Tucker Marshall: Ken, I certainly appreciate the question. Good morning. Just let me begin by a couple of things. One is, I would just begin by saying that focused on delivering this fiscal year, and we're really focused on making sure that we get the right plan for next fiscal year. And then, as we think about the longer term growth algorithm, we would always consider that over the long-term as we consider the business. And at appropriate time, we probably would readdress that with you and the investors. And as you know that in the fall, we have our first Investor Day for this upcoming fiscal year. And so, that probably would be the appropriate time to readdress those long-term rates.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from David Driscoll from DD Research. Your line is now live.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning, everybody.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
David Driscoll: Hi. I wanted to follow up just on pet a little bit, Natural Balance and the pet specialty channel. And Mark, could you just talk a little bit about the strategy? I know you're still looking for your permanent head of that unit. But, can you talk a little bit about the strategy? And when you took some of the other brands into grocery, Natural Balance seemed like it was really well positioned to be a solid brand within that pet specialty channel and even potentially e-commerce. So, it'll kind of -- I guess, what is confusing for me is everybody criticized one of your competitors and thought that pet specialty would be really harsh and you would have a real advantage with Natural Balance. Why hasn't that maybe played out exactly as we all thought it would? And how big of a lift is it going to be to get Natural Balance back to the growth rates that maybe we think it can or should be at, just given how strong premium is?
Mark Smucker: David, it’s Mark Smucker. Thanks for the question. If I may, I'd like to just back up. I will answer your question. But I'd like to just back up to the total pet category. As you know, we're in the category because it's a growing category, it's a great category. And our business is really about three legs of the stool: It's about pet snack; it's about cat food; and then, it's about dog food. And so just reminding the group that as you all know, the shortfall in the quarter was isolated to premium dog, but there were a number of fantastic positives. And so, our strategy is fundamentally about playing offense and making sure that we maintain and drive leadership in pet snacks, which we are the clear leader. It’s the most profitable segment. And as you heard in the prepared remarks, cat has been doing very well over nine quarters. And so, we're winning there. And even in our mainstream dog business that is going well. So, just to highlight the fact again that this is an isolated issue. Rob has brought a tremendous amount of focus to the business. And so, we are very pleased with the work that he and the pet team is doing. In Natural Balance, if you think about the channel, it's a $14 billion channel. Again, we have not been playing offense on that particular brand. We're getting back to doing that. There is no question that the brand itself has the right to win in the pet specialty channel. And so, yes, it is going to take a little bit of time. But, as we talked last week, between rebalancing the portfolio, between grain-free and nut, getting the right packaging architecture, pricing structure and then really getting back to actually marketing the brand. So, we really think that we can continue to win in Natural Balance. So, it is going to take time. If you look at total pet spesh and e-com, both of those were growing, both of those channels.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Bryan Spillane: So, just two quick ones for me. First, I guess, given the performance in dog food, both Natural Balance and Nutrish, have you lost distribution? And I guess, what I'm really after is we're thinking about ‘21? Will there have to be some effort and some resource allocated to maybe rebuilding some distribution that you may have lost this year? And then, I have a follow-up.
Mark Smucker: Fundamentally, there hasn't been any significant losses in distribution. I mean, just building on the comment about Natural Balance, it continued to grow in e-com. So, I didn't quite say in the last comment, but clearly there's good growth there. So, we're not -- we haven't lost any significant distribution in pet specialty. And in Nutrish, I think really the highlight is that we're lapping a very strong pipeline fill last year. And so that is not helping the comp. The comp is not helping the results this quarter. But, again, on Nutrish, all of these actions that we have implemented, are bearing fruit, as we -- as you see. We have started to increase household penetration. And so, really, just again, playing offense and making sure that we're doing that on both brands.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then just last one for me, just on the deleveraging and free cash flow. If I remember it right, you've got a target of wanting to get the leverage down to two times by 2023. And I guess, with the stock being at the valuation it's at, is 2 times still the right number? Is there a possibility that you'd think about maybe slowing that pace of deleveraging and leaning into the stock at some point over the next two years? Just given that you're generating plenty of cash and it seems like 3 times leverage is -- should be something that you could be also comfortable with.
Mark Belgya: Hi, Brian. It’s Mark Belgya. Let me just say a couple things and then I'll turn to Tucker if he wants to add. So, you're right. We have in prior presentations talked about a 2 times levered by the year, you just said, at ‘23. I think that's probably more mechanical than anything. What I would hone in on more is what we said as it relates to a more recent time period. And that would be getting to 3 times in the near term, which we project to do at the end of fiscal '21. And I'll just ask Tucker to maybe comment on our deployment thoughts going forward, which probably closely address how we would think about buybacks on a go forward basis.
Tucker Marshall: Yes. Mark, thanks. Just to support what Mark said, our goal of getting down to around 3 times would open up strategic capacity to consider share repurchases and then also M&A activity, which has been consistent with our -- basically our financial policy over time. It would enable us to then get back to more of a balanced deployment model.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is now live.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: I just had a couple of questions for you. If I can ask you first to go back to a question Andrew asked earlier on the gross margin. I think the overall gross margin outlook for the year is a little lower than where it was before. And, I guess, I just want to understand, was that mostly due to the little weaker performance in the third quarter? And it looks like, based on that outlook -- an improved outlook for the fourth quarter, maybe just some of the factors that would be kind of pushing this up in Q4.
Mark Belgya: Yes. I mean, I think we were 38.1 for the quarter which is below even where we projected for the whole year, 38.2. And some of that was certainly the top-line softness that we experienced in the quarter. I think someone mentioned earlier, the fourth quarter sales would project a little bit more positive. So, that should help also turn the gross profit. But, it really has come to the reasons where we talked about cost and pricing, and then just the volume shortfalls in the areas we called out in pet.
Chris Growe: Okay. And then just one follow-up question, if I could on the pet food division, where you talked about an increase in promotional spending. Is that reflective -- and I know we obviously have gone through Nutrish and Natural Balance and some of the challenges in the portfolio today. Is that trade spending producing the sort of volume effect that you expect? Is that related to competition in terms of you're seeing the competitive increase?
Mark Smucker: I'm sorry. Were you asking about treats, Chris?
Unidentified Company Representative: Sorry. I was talking about pet food in general. I thought the increase in trade spending was in pet food.
Mark Smucker: Yes. I mean, there is -- there would be some that is related to some of the -- getting the value proposition right, particularly on Nutrish, which we've done. I think -- and we spoke to that a little bit last week at CAGNY. So yes, there would be a bit of incremental there, just using that as a lever to make sure that we're getting the right pricing in the category.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Faiza Alwy from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
Faiza Alwy: So, I wanted to talk about the Nutrish brand a little bit more. So, I know you talked about innovation and new marketing, but then you also talked about maybe sharpening the price point a little bit there. So, I guess, what we're seeing is that some of the higher priced sub brands within Rachael Ray Nutrish have been losing distribution and then the entry level point has been increasing. So, I just wanted to talk about how you're thinking about that as you look at 2021. Do you expect the brand to really consolidate around the entry level price point sort of the under $2 level -- $2 level or do you expect sort of a holistic decrease across -- price decrease across all the sub brands?
Mark Smucker: The answer to that very -- this is Mark Smucker. The answer to that very last question is no. We wouldn't expect pricing to get lower. Obviously, we're not experiencing deflation in the pet category. Just highlighting again that Nutrish in total is a very important brand to our portfolio. Obviously, the actions again that we have taken are starting to bear fruit, which is great. The sublines have played an important part in rounding out the brand. But clearly there is a core there, which you highlighted of the base Nutrish SKUs. And that is -- it’s very important for us to continue to support those base SKUs. So, by no means are we abandoning the sublines. They each play a unique position within the portfolio and within -- and the brand specifically. But we are making sure that that base -- those core Nutrish SKUs are healthy.
Faiza Alwy: And then, I was just -- I wanted to clarify a little bit around fiscal '21. So, I think you were very clear around what you expect sales to be. But, I think last week at CAGNY, there was a little bit of confusion around how you're thinking about profitability in 2021. So, I was wondering -- I just wanted to give you the opportunity to maybe clarify how you were thinking about that.
Tucker Marshall: I guess, just in terms of that clarification, what we specifically said is, is that we are committed to ensuring that the top-line translates to earnings growth. And the three points that we said in there were one, maintaining our marketing investments around current year levels; two is, is just the advancement of ongoing profit or margin management cost programs; and then, lastly, it’s just continuing to address improved asset productivity. And then, lastly, I would just say, I think it's best for us to further the conversation around next fiscal year on our fourth quarter earnings call.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Rob Dickerson from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thank you so much. So, I guess, first question is really just on the grain-free space in general. Obviously, there's this kind of elephant in the room, which is the FDA's investigation linked to DCM. I just bring it up because I feel like -- I think it was one of the Mark, when it was stated on the call, said, with an also innovation in grain-free. It sounded like it was actually emphasized. So, I'm just -- given I'm a bit distant from a discussion with retailers and overall let's say trends within the trade, I'm just curious if you can provide any color or kind of what you think the perspective is at this point, given we haven't heard from the FDA in a while. And obviously, consumption seems like it's been dented a little bit, but some people seem to also kind of be blowing it off to an extent. So, just any color you can provide would be very helpful.
Mark Smucker: Sure, Rob. It's Mark Smucker. I would just start by saying quality is one of our basic beliefs. And so, we obviously adhere to unwavering safety and quality standards. The FDA has really made no clear link between DCM and the root cause of any specific diet, because it isn't known. Now obviously we're going to continue to cooperate with the FDA and the Pet Food Institute to make sure that we can support any of the research that's happening. You've seen that consumers have made some assumptions about what the link might be. And we have seen a slight decrease in sales for grain-free, particularly in the pet specialty channel. But our brands were each less than 2% of the mentioned cases in the FDA report. And then, I guess finally, success is really about being close to the consumer. And so, we will continue to listen to the consumer and make adjustments within each brand or our portfolio as necessary. And we are launching or getting ready to with new -- with grain products to make sure, particularly in those brands that have been mentioned that we are striking the right balance between grain and grain-out products.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. That makes sense. A Natural Balance, so to speak. And then secondly, just in retail consumer foods, the assumption is margin, profitability on Uncrustables is probably fairly impressive, while at the same time we've seen some margin contraction over the past couple of years, even when including divestment of baking. So, if we're thinking forward, not just to '21, but just in general, do you feel as if kind of coming out of that baking divestment, and now that you have already ramped your marketing spend and adjusting the mix that -- kind of that level of profitability, call it that low 20%, so to speak, 20%, 21% kind of feels like a proper run rate for that division all-in? That's it. Thank you.
Mark Belgya: Hey, Rob. It’s Mark Belgya. Yes. I think that's right. I mean, if you look at this quarter, it was down probably about 150 basis points from that average because of the write-off of the Jif Power Ups equipment. But, I think you're right. I think, we've got a marketing run rate that's probably comparable. I mean, certainly components will change over time. And then, as I mentioned earlier, as we run more products through the plant in Colorado and we get that over -- or under-absorption corrected, that'll help. But, I think the overall assumption is pretty, pretty good for now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Pam Kaufman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Pam Kaufman: I wanted to ask about coffee margins, which were at peak levels this quarter. How much of the expansion is related to lower green coffee prices versus lower marketing spend in the segment, and how sustainable do you view this level of profitability to be?
Mark Smucker: We do get this question a lot. And we've been pretty consistent in saying that it is a commodity category with where we pass through, ups and downs to our customers and consumers. So, there can be some volatility in the margins, but we have been consistent in saying and we have a high degree of confidence that we can maintain margins around that 30ish percent. In any given year, you could see fluctuations, but we don't see any significant erosion in that. I guess, the other point is, as we continue to drive growth in the premium and K-Cups segments there is a little bit less propensity in the premium and K-Cups segments for volatility -- as much volatility. And so, that will help to maintain margins on a relatively stable basis.
Pam Kaufman: Thanks. And can you comment on the timing shift and promotional event you mentioned in the pet segment that shifted into the fourth quarter. How much did this impact the third quarter and what do you sense contribution to be next quarter?
Mark Belgya: It was -- we called it out it effectively treats performance, if I recall from the scripted comments. It was significant enough to call out for the impact on treats, because Milk-Bone was actually up for the quarter; it was not overly significant to the whole pet business. So, there will be a -- as you noted, a pickup but it will not be significant in Q4.
Operator: Thank you. Our question today is coming from John Baumgartner from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
John Baumgartner: Maybe Mark Smucker, I wanted to focus a bit on the innovation. The Power Ups were launched with a lot of confidence that you found an opportunity to extend that brand more broadly across snacking. That's been discontinued after about two years. The Folgers 1850, that's down solid double digits, losing distribution. And I understand, not every new product launch is successful. But, I'm curious, just wanted to focus on what you've learned from this recent slate of innovation in terms of the test market versus the everyday market. And any changes to the innovation approach from here. And I guess maybe related to that. You seem to be doubling down on Uncrustables pulling into the snacking part of that portfolio. Does the Jif experience have you thinking differently about the potential to expand your other consumer brands going forward?
Mark Smucker: So, as you pointed out, not all innovations are successful. From a top-line perspective, we actually would view the Power Ups was successful, obviously bringing new consumers into the brand and so forth. But, as we got further into the launch and recognized some of the challenges that we might have going forward, that's really what caused us to really implement our financial discipline and recognizing that we could probably divert some of that support into a brand like Uncrustables. But, from a macro perspective, innovation is going to continue to be important. It is not the only driver of topline growth. We have to continue, as we've said, to invest in some of our larger, more legacy brands. But, innovation will play a role in both growth brands as well as some of the mainstay brands as well. And that is really about striking the right balance between, in some cases platform and in other cases, more line extension driven innovation. So, an example in pet as we have continued to see some very nice growth on the Milk-Bone brand, the innovation there for example is meeting our expectation. It is performing as we expected. So, it's just -- I think the Power Ups is example one where we chose to make it to take a very decisive action for the benefit of the broader business, and it was the right decision.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is now live.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Just a few clean-up questions, I guess. Coffee in fourth quarter last year, I thought that there was inventory build in the trade and then it came out in first quarter of fiscal ‘20. Will you have a tough comparison in fourth quarter this year to that last year? And then, the next question was, pet snacks in general, this is more of an observation. You have a great brand with Milk-Bone and pet snacks is a big priority. But, your disclosure on how that group of brands is doing is a little inconsistent, like sometimes we get a number and sometimes we don't. Is it possible that you might, going forward, give us like pet snacks altogether, what kind of growth it's generating, especially since it's such a priority and high margin?
Mark Belgya: Hey, Rob. It's Mark Belgya. Yes. Last year's fourth quarter, your recollection is correct, we had a strong Q4. But, I'll tell you, with the performance that we have seen, notably Dunkin' and Bustelo, we still think that the growth will continue in the quarter. But, you are right, I think as we caught out in Q1 this fiscal, we felt the impact of that. And then, Mark, did you get the second question?
Mark Smucker: He was asking about pet snacks and how we report pet snacks, and been a little bit inconsistent. Rob, can you just repeat the question, please?
Robert Moskow: Yes. Sorry. Sometimes I think you give us a total pet snacks growth number, sometimes you don't. It's a big priority for your company. Would you consider being more consistent in giving us a total pet snacks growth number going forward?
Mark Smucker: Yes. I think, it's a fair ask. We do kind of default at times to Milk-Bone, but certainly we have other brands in that. So, we'll take that under consideration. Thanks.
Robert Moskow: Okay. I'll hop off. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Your line is now live.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi, there. So, just two questions. First, we've talked a bit about innovation during the call. Could you tell us where you are at the moment in terms of new products as a percent of sales? I don't know whether you measure that over the past three years or over the past year. And maybe whether that's been increasing or staying stable over time, and where you would hope it to get to over the longer term? And then, the follow-up question that I have but I think is a little quicker is, with African swine fever kicking in and probably over the next several months putting meat input costs up, is that something that you're planning for, how do you anticipate that playing out in the pet food segment? Thank you. And I'll pass it on.
Mark Belgya: To answer your first question, if you look at how we define new products, that would be products that have been introduced over the last three years, of current sales, it represents about 5%. And that's I think been fairly consistent. We certainly -- a few years back when we introduced some of the Dunkin’, particularly K-Cups, that was probably maybe a couple of percentage points higher, but 5% is pretty good number for us. And then, as it relates to the second question, again, I think I'll just defer a little bit to one of the earlier questions as it relates to forward-looking. We would look at all costs, and I think comment on those when we talk to you folks in June. Certainly, if it was significant enough to take actions or something in the interim that might be different. But for right now, we'll include that just in overall cost perspective when we talk about F ‘21 in June.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Jon Andersen from William Blair. Your line is now live.
Jon Andersen: A couple of quick ones. Just coming back to Uncrustables, as you look to drive the business north of $500 million of sales, can you talk about the levers that get you there? Is this more about distribution at retail? Is it more about new product types or forms of the Uncrustables product? Is it about Away From Home? Just trying to get some -- a little bit more granularity on what drives you to that level of sales?
Mark Smucker: You touched on many of the levers. I think, what I would highlight is we have so much runway on Uncrustables. One of our smaller competitors that has similar products is actually, from what we understand, exiting the business. And just given the fact that we brought the Colorado plant on line, that really supports the runway. And so, as you know, we have not -- just in core peanut butter and jelly, we have not spent dollars on marketing until basically now. And so, that product has continued to grow as convenience and other factors that the consumer wants really have driven that. And so there is a tremendous amount of runway on core. We are continuing to invest in the Colorado facility to make sure that we can support the $0.5 billion target. And then, yes, innovation will play a role. But, I would just stress the amount of runway, just on core PB&J at this point.
Jon Andersen: One other question I had was on K-Cups. Can you talk a little bit more about where your portfolio sits today? And is a K-Cups category in aggregate still growing with the changes that you made, I think to some of your partnership arrangements? Is there pricing stability in the category now? Just trying to understand how kind of -- how that segment of the coffee market is playing out right now, the growth and stability and profitability? Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Yes. K-Cups is still obviously very important. It is -- in dollars, it's not quite half. It's probably 40%, 45% of the dollars in the At Home category. As you know, the growth has slowed. I think actually in the latest 52 weeks, the growth of K-Cups has been about 1% to 2%. This is the first quarter where we've actually seen the total coffee category has a slight contraction in dollars, primarily driven by just deflation and the lower commodity costs. K-Cups is growing. It continues to grow. We are very pleased with our portfolio. If you look at across all of the brands in the portfolio, we did see growth in the quarter on all of the brands. It includes, of course, Folgers and Bustelo, 1850, Dunkin' and so, -- and gaining share. So, continue to be important. The partnership with Keurig has been great. As you know, we have benefited from over the last couple of years from some lower tolling rates, if you will, and that has been beneficial. Pricing is generally stable. I think, it is -- the competitive environment has -- the dust has settled so to speak. And I think that we're in a more stable environment in that part of the category.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Scott Mushkin from R5 Capital. Your line is now live.
Scott Mushkin: Hey, guys. Thanks for sneaking me in. I got kicked off the call and I had to come back in. So, I wanted to kind of just ask a little bit more about the other businesses. And just about the standing shelf space and placement allocations at retailers and kind of the key peanut butter jelly and coffee brands. I guess, we're continuing to see a little bit of private label, making further in-roads, maybe not on volume but certainly on a shelf space allocation and placement. And we're seeing the same thing a little bit with premium and local and gourmet offerings. So, I was just wondering if you could talk about things that you guys can do to make sure your core brands don't erode.
Mark Smucker: Scott, it’s Mark Smucker. I think the first comment starts with having number one brands and the number -- and leading brands like Jif Smucker's, Folgers, et cetera have a right to exist and a right to play in each of the categories. And so, where that you may see some growth of private label and to a much lesser degree some of the gourmet brands, you may see some shifting around in the shelf set. But generally speaking, it would be, this -- number three brands that are going to probably suffer the most and first. So, we’re maintaining category leadership, continuing to partner with the retailers, leveraging the fact that private label typically compares themselves to the leading brands, all tend to in general terms, work in our favor.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or closing comments.
Mark Smucker: I wanted to thank everyone for taking the time today. I appreciate seeing you all at CAGNY and really feel very good about where the business is and our ability to continue to grow and focus where we need to. And again, thank you to our fantastic employees for all their efforts.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2019-11-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2020 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open the conference up for questions-and-answers, after the prepared remarks. Please limit yourself to two questions during the Q&A session, and re-queue if you have additional questions. I will now turn the conference call over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning and thank you for joining us for our fiscal 2020 second quarter earnings conference call. After this brief introduction, Mark Smucker, President and CEO will give an overview of the quarter's results and an update on our strategic priorities. Mark Belgya, Vice Chair and CFO, will then provide detailed analysis of the financial results and our updated fiscal 2020 outlook. A Q&A session will follow the prepared remarks. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the Company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning's press release, which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the Company uses non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally as detailed in the press release. We have posted a supplementary slide deck summarizing the quarterly results and fiscal 2020 full year outlook. The slide can be accessed on our website and will be archived there along with the replay of this call. If you have additional questions after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Before we get into our detailed results, I will begin with the changes to our leadership structure that we announced last week. First, after nearly 35 years at Smucker and 15 years as our Chief Financial Officer, Mark Belgya, announced he will retire on September 1st, 2020. Mark will be succeeded by Tucker Marshall, our current Vice President of Finance. The transition will begin on Monday as Tucker will become Senior Vice President and Deputy CFO. He will succeed Mark as CFO on May 1st, 2020, following the completion of our current fiscal year. Mark has agreed to stay on as Vice Chair, until his retirement ensuring a seamless transition. Since joining Smucker seven years ago, Tucker has become an integral part of the Smucker organization. He brings significant financial management experience and a deep understanding of the Company. He has the respect and confidence of his colleagues and the Board, and I am looking forward to partnering with him in the years to come. The second announcement was the evolution of our executive leadership structure. This new structure is designed to improve the execution of our strategy, enhance accountability and streamline decision-making to ensure, we move with speed and agility to deliver on our strategic and financial priorities. The change in structure includes the creation of a Chief Operating Officer role. We have initiated a search for an executive who will provide strategic and operational oversight of our business units as well as our operations and supply chain. We also started the process to identify a new leader of our US sales organization. In addition, we have initiated a search for new pet leaders - for new leadership of our Pet food business, which in the interim will be led by Rob Ferguson, an Officer of the Company, who has 14 years of management experience in the Pet category. Prior to joining Smucker, Rob served as a member of the executive leadership team of Big Heart Pet Brands. Rob has demonstrated a strong track record of leading change and driving results for our Company, including being instrumental to the integration of both Pet business acquisitions and the delivery of over $250 million of synergies. Further supporting the Pet business, Jeff Watters, former President and CEO of Ainsworth Pet Nutrition will serve as a strategic advisor. I am confident these changes ensure the alignment of a team that has a deep knowledge of the Smucker businesses and our industry. The new executive leadership team will continue to refine our strategy and evaluate our portfolio of brands ensuring we remain focused on delivering growth and creating value for our shareholders. Let me now discuss our second quarter results. We were able to offset softness in sales of certain brands to generate adjusted earnings per share above our projection, reflecting benefits of the targeted actions we are taking to prioritize financial discipline across the business. At a high level, these actions include increasing focus on investments in consumer facing marketing, reprioritizing company-wide resources and initiatives to increase focus on key growth platforms such as Uncrustables and premium Pet food and reducing discretionary spending. Through these diligent actions, we delivered adjusted EPS of $2.26 compared to $2.17 in the prior year, representing growth of 4%. While pleased with our earnings results, our aggregate net sales performance does not reflect the potential of our brands or the progress we are making toward our strategic growth imperatives. We are committed to improving top line performance and taking decisive corrective actions where necessary. Net sales declined 1% compared to the prior year excluding prior year's sales related to the divested US baking business and foreign exchange, while total sales were slightly below our projection, there were many highlights during the quarter, including strong performance for key brands within snacking, coffee and pet food. Beginning with snacking, sales grew 18% including double-digit growth for the Smucker's Uncrustables, Sahale Snacks and Jif PowerUps brands. We expect further acceleration for snacking in the third and fourth quarters with the increased production capacity for Uncrustables and expanded distribution for Jif PowerUps. In coffee, we continue to increase household penetration in the quarter, as sales for the Dunkin', Cafe Bustelo and 1850 brands all grew. Also, we grew volume in all formats including mainstream, premium KCup and instant while net sales were comparable to the prior year due to increased trade spend as lower green coffee costs are being passed through to consumers. In Pet food, we delivered growth for our largest brands in the portfolio, including Nutrish, Meow Mix and the Milk-Bone despite total segment growth being impacted by planned declines for private label products. In addition to declines for the Natural Balance brand, excuse me - In our pet snacks and cat food businesses, we achieved mid single-digit growth, which marked the eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales growth for our cat portfolio. Meow Mix, 9Lives and Nutrish cat food each grew household penetration. In the latest 52-week period, Meow Mix now has the highest household penetration of any brand in the dry cat food segment. We remain excited about the prospects for both short and long-term growth for our portfolio of pet food and pet snacks brands. Recent softness for the portfolio is isolated to premium dog food. There has been an increase in competitive activity from a proliferation of brands entering the category, which are investing significantly to generate consumer trial. While the Nutrish brand sales increased 3% in the quarter, this was less than we had projected, and we anticipate the competitive headwinds in premium dog food to continue. We expect the brand to decline in the back half of the year due to competitive activity and a reduction in forecasted performance for both new distribution and innovation launches. Also the targeted actions we are taking to improve Nutrish performance have begun to be reflected on shelf and we expect further reflection throughout the third quarter. These actions include incremental investments aimed at improving the consumer value proposition to drive increased trial and loyalty and launching new advertising later this fiscal year. For Natural Balance, sales in the quarter decreased over 25%. The brand has been impacted by increased competitive offerings, continued growth of premium dog food in the grocery, mass and e-commerce channels and continued weakness in the pet specialty channel. Given the recent performance, we are reevaluating our plans, which may go beyond the previously communicated actions to restage the brand late this fiscal year. We remain confident in growth opportunities for the total pet business and with new leadership in place, we expect further refinements to our overall pet strategy which we will share over the coming quarters. I'll turn now to the progress made against our consumer-centric growth imperatives to lead in the best categories, build brands consumers love and be everywhere. I'll share a couple of examples from the quarter of how we are leading in the best categories. Snacking remains a key focus area, driven by Smucker's Uncrustables sandwiches. We expect continued acceleration for Uncrustables and forecast growth to exceed 25% in the second half of the fiscal year. We expect the momentum to continue and we remain on track to grow this business to over $500 million in net sales within the next few years. In coffee, sales trends improved throughout the quarter led by double-digit growth for all KCup brands including Folgers. Consumer takeaway for our portfolio of KCups continues to perform well, ahead of total segment growth. Further the Dunkin' brand continues its momentum and now owns the number three market share position across the total coffee category in the latest scan data for four-week, 13-week and 52-week period. This, combined with the leading market share position in the mainstream segment for the Folgers brand positions our coffee portfolio to firmly maintain the number one dollar and volume market share across the total coffee category by a wide margin. Turning to our strategic imperative of building brands consumers love, we are excited about the recently launched creative for the Jif, Smucker's and Cafe Bustillo brands during the second quarter, and additional brand refreshes are underway. Our new advertising for the Jif and Smucker's brands has been on air since September, and we are pleased with the initial feedback on the campaigns, which align with recent share gains for Smucker's fruit spreads and improved volume trends for Jif. We also saw strong sales momentum for Cafe Bustillo, up 14% in the quarter, supported by its first national advertising campaign which highlights its heritage and authenticity. The new campaigns strengthen our brands positioning in today's culture with breakthrough advertising across multiple media and social platforms to support long-term growth. We remain on track to deploy new campaigns for ten brands this fiscal year. Our latest brand refreshes are underway as the Meow Mix remix campaign launched in early November, and new Folgers advertising will begin airing next week and new support for the 1850 and Dunkin' Brands are debuting in December. Marketing spend for the quarter was 6.3% of net sales and 6.9% of net sales through the first half of the fiscal year. We are realizing the benefits of our new marketing operating model as expenses in the quarter declined compared to the prior year, while increasing the effectiveness and reach of our media spend. We remain committed to our investments in consumer facing marketing and project marketing spend of 6.5% to 7% of net sales for the full year. Our third quarter - our third growth imperative is to be everywhere. We know that consumers shop and interact with brands on demand and multichannel, therefore we need to be wherever consumers shop and available any time. Within the ecommerce channel, we continue to deliver solid growth, particularly in the Pet food and coffee categories. In the second quarter, our sales to pure play ecommerce retailers continue to grow double-digits, accounting for nearly 5% of total US retail sales. Factoring in the fast growing online sales for brick and mortar retailers, approximately 8% of our US retail sales are through e-commerce. We will continue to prioritize investments and initiatives to capitalize on the momentum in both pure play and omni channel e-commerce as the channel still has significant runway and is expected to be a catalyst for growth over the next several years. The focus of our Away From Home business has always been on our branded products that consumers desire while outside of the home. With increased production capacity for Uncrustables, we are excited about the growth potential of the platform in additional Away From Home outlets, as capacity constraints previously limited meaningful expansion beyond K-12 schools. Also, within our Away From Home business, we are very pleased with our expansion into premium coffee through our 1850 brand and have plans to further expand this platform next fiscal year. Before turning it over to Mark, here are a few thoughts we hope you take away from my comments. First, we are committed to taking decisive corrective actions to improve top line performance. Second, the recent leadership changes are designed to improve the execution of our strategy, enhance accountability and streamline decision-making to ensure that we move with speed and agility to deliver on our strategic and financial priorities. And third, our entire organization has embraced a financial discipline mindset further focusing our resources supporting earnings growth and generating cash flow. And finally, key parts of our portfolio are responding to the investments we are making against our strategic growth imperatives, which over time will deliver long-term financial growth and increase shareholder value. Finally I want to acknowledge our dedicated employees. Thank you for all you have done and all you will do to drive our business forward. I will now turn the call over to Mark Belgya.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Mark, and good morning everyone. Let me begin with some added color on the quarter. Excluding the US baking divestiture and FX, net sales declined 1% in the second quarter, reflecting lower net pricing on coffee and peanut butter, partially offset by price increases in Pet food and Pet snacks. Volume/mix was flat as declines for dog food primarily, private label in the Natural Balance brand were offset by gains for coffee and Smucker's Uncrustables. Adjusted gross profit decreased $18 million from the prior year or 2%. Our gross margin improved 30 basis points to 38.5%. Excluding the baking business, gross profit was down 1%, primarily reflecting the net impact of lower pricing, not fully offset by lower costs. This was partially offset by favorable volume mix. Adjusted operating income declined $25 million compared to the prior year, a decrease of 6%, a $27 million gain on the sale and $9 million contribution to segment profit from the divested US baking business with the primary difference as the gross profit decline was offset by a reduction in marketing expense. Below operating income, interest expense decreased $5 million, driven by reduction in debt resulting from repayments made over the past 12 months. Other income and expense was $5.9 million more favorable in the quarter due to litigation cost incurred in the second quarter of last year. Finally, the adjusted effective income tax rate was 24.3%, slightly lower than our previous full year guidance range of 24.5% to 25%. The prior year effective tax rate was high at 30%, reflecting the impact of income tax expense associated with the sale of the baking business. This resulted in second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $2.26 compared to $2.17 in the prior year, an increase of 4%. Let me now turn to segment results beginning with Pet. Net sales declined 2% compared to the prior year, sales of private label products were a 3% headwind to the quarter, which include the planned discontinuation of certain business. Meow Mix, 9Lives and Nutrish drove cat food growth of 4%, while Milk-Bone led growth of 4% for pet snacks. These gains were offset by declines for the Natural Balance brand. Pet food segment profit increased 11% compared to the prior year. The increase was driven by favorable net pricing, synergy realization and lower marketing expense being partially offset by increased input costs and a decline from volume mix. Turning to the Coffee segment, net sales were comparable to the prior year. Lower net price realization reflecting the pass through of lower green coffee costs by the way of increased trade spend was mostly offset by favorable volume mix. Growth for the Cafe Bustelo and Dunkin' Brands offset a decline for the Folgers brand. KCup sales grew 14% with growth for each brand in the portfolio, the strength in KCup shipments more than reversed the decline in the first quarter related to the timing of new distribution. Coffee segment profit increased 5%, mostly reflecting the favorable impact of volume mix. The net impact of lower pricing and lower input cost was neutral to profit. In Consumer Foods, net sales decreased 8% reflecting the divested US baking business. Comparable net sales decreased 1% driven by lower net sales for the Jif and Crisco brands, offset by an increase of 9% for the Smucker's brand with growth across Uncrustables, Toppings and Fruit Spreads. Excluding the prior year profits and the gain on the sale of the divested baking business, Consumer Foods segment profit declined 8% due to the net impact of lower price, not fully offset by lower cost on peanut butter, partially offset by favorable volume mix and lower SD&A costs from reduced marketing and selling expenses. Lastly, in the international and Away From Home segment, net sales declined 3% compared to the prior-year. Volume mix accounted for a 2 percentage point decline, most notably in the Mexico market as we lap the sell-off of inventory in the prior year relating to closing facilities in a country and transitioning to a distributor export model. FX negatively impacted net sales by $2 million. Segment profit decreased 11% due to the impact of lower volume/mix and an unfavorable price/cost relationship, partially offset by lower SD&A expenses. Second quarter free cash flow was $161 million, which represented a $36 million increased over the prior year, reflecting an increase in cash provided by operating activities and a $14 million reduction in capital expenditures, reflecting the completion of the first phase of the Longmont Colorado facility. CapEx for the quarter was $63 million or 3.2% of net sales. The Company continued its intention of deleveraging by paying down $73 million of net debt in the quarter. We finished the quarter with a total debt balance of just over $5.7 billion, based on trailing 12 month EBITDA of approximately $1.6 billion, our leverage was 3.6 times. Let me now provide information on our revised outlook for fiscal 2020. Reported net sales are anticipated to be down 3% compared to the prior year, which includes $106 million of baking sales in the prior year and the incremental $25 million Ainsworth sales recognized in the first half results. On an organic basis, net sales are expected to be down 2%. Private label pet food remains a headwind with approximately a $10 million decline expected in the third quarter. Changes from our previous sales guidance primarily reflect the second quarter sales results, which were below our expectations. Expected declines in the back half of the year for premium dog food notably the Nutrish and Natural Balance brands and a general derisk of the back half recognizing competitive activity and strong fourth quarter comps for coffee and peanut butter. We continue to expect gross profit margins to be approximately 38.5% as overall commodity cost projections remain in line with our previous forecast. We're slightly ahead of our synergy projection and expect to realize full year incremental acquisition synergies just over $30 million by the end of the fiscal year, delivering on our $55 million cumulative target. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $8.10 to $8.30. Key factors that impacted the change to our adjusted EPS guidance range include the estimated earnings impact of reduced sales guidance, partially offset by SD&A expenses declining approximately 2% compared to the prior year, reflecting the continuing benefit of the actions taken in the quarter to maintain financial discipline. Interest expense is now projected at the low end of our range of $200 million, and finally, an effective tax rate of 24.5%. And looking at the third quarter, we would expect net sales and earnings per share to be down low-single digits. Full year free cash flow is projected to be approximately $850 million with CapEx between $300 million and $320 million. The reduction primarily reflects the revised earnings outlook and an expected increase in our inventory balance at year-end. We will continue to prioritize cash for debt reduction and expect to repay an additional $300 million by year-end taking our leverage down to approximately 3.3 times at the end of the fiscal year. In closing, let me reiterate Mark's opening comments, that while challenges to sales growth persists in certain categories, which drove the revision to our full year guidance, much of our business is performing at expected levels or above. We remain diligent towards delivering our revised earnings while making prudent investments toward future growth. In addition, we continue to make meaningful progress executing on key growth initiatives which are reflected in the underlying results. Overall, we remain confident in our ability to deliver long-term value to our shareholders. Thank you for your time this morning and we'll now open the call up to your questions. Operator, if you please queue up the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Hi. Mark, I guess just a broader question, just to start us off a little bit, obviously Smucker's has revised the full-year '20 outlook the last two quarters. I'm just trying to get a sense of maybe how you would characterize the new outlook. In other words, do you see this is now providing the Company with sort of the needed flexibility to get the Pet trends on the right track and accelerate the organic momentum, or maybe is there a risk that this is still maybe not enough to fully address some of the route issues aggressively enough and there - therefore could still be a bit of a drag as we think, maybe forward into fiscal '21. I guess particularly in light of some new team members coming on board that would presumably also want and expect to have some input and such, starting. Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Thanks Andrew. Well, first of all, let me just start by saying, delivering on guidance is a foundational priority that I have as CEO and it's extremely important. So given the fact that we have missed guidance a couple of times this year, we - this round we took a very hard look with a very critical eye and really made sure that as we look forward, we were judging both the opportunities and risks that - really exists in the business and that we are giving ourselves the appropriate flexibility as you put it. So we do believe that the top line guidance is prudent and does reflect adequately both opportunities and risks. And so, while there are some challenges to sales growth and isolated really to premium pet, that's more or less what drove our revision. We still look at - the majority of our business is actually still performing at expected levels or above.
Andrew Lazar: And that was helpful. Thank you. And then, I know that...
Mark Belgya: Andrew, if I can just maybe add on to Mark's comments and dollarize a little bit what I had in my prepared comments. So for the benefit of everyone on the call. If you look at, basically the change in our top line guidance, so for everyone you'll recall it was zero and negative one before. So if you take the midpoint of that and just call it down 0.5% and basically try to explain the 250 basis points to get to our new minus 3. There's really three components that I - and I called out. First of all, about 50 basis points of that was due to this quarter where we fell short of expectations, okay. The second component I would suggest is about 75 basis points of this de-risking in both in as it relates to the competitive activity and some of the things that Mark just outlined, is related to Pet, but also we had really strong comps as you'll recall in Q4 in peanut butter and coffee. So that's sort of half of it, if you will. And then the other half would be 125 basis points to get us there would be primarily in the premium Pet. So that's how we go about. Based on that, we've got a fair amount of - I'll use a loose term here, cushion, on that 75 basis points of derisking. And then if you just translate that to the earnings side, that de-risk portion probably accounts somewhere between $0.10 and $0.15. So just to explain how we get to that 8 to 10 number at the low end of the guidance, that is taken into account the - sort of the de-risk portion of that sales number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Ken Goldman: Thank you and congratulations to both Tucker and Mark Belgya, Mark, thank you for all your help over the years.
Mark Belgya: Thanks Ken.
Ken Goldman: I wanted to start off by saying or asking really, you are making a change in leadership in Pet, but at the same time, at least when I hear you, the finger is being pointed mostly at competition, some channel shifts things that maybe are described best as exogenous. So I'm just curious to get a better sense of what you think internally, Smucker may have done as a Company a little bit or maybe should have done a little bit differently, and maybe what some of the changes should be made going forward that you can control within the Pet side.
Mark Smucker: Ken, this is Mark Smucker. I'll start. So I guess what I would say first of all is I would go back to the prior quarter, where we acknowledge that we did not adequately anticipate the level of competitive pressure that we would experience from new entrants, not just one entrant, but, there are multiple brands in the competitive space, nor did we react fast enough. So I would really point the finger at just the fact that there were a multiple competitive dynamics that were going on, that we should have reacted faster to. In terms of the broader leadership, challenges or changes rather, obviously Mark's transition has been planned for a long time, and we took a very thoughtful approach to the holistic leadership structure. And so this was not a knee-jerk reaction, these were changes that we had that through thoroughly and had decided to sync up some of the broader leadership changes along with the CFO announcement. And then ultimately, at the end of the day, I just go back to my prepared comments that the intent of the structure outside of any individual change is really intended again to increase agility, make sure that we have the right level of accountability and the right sets of eyes on the business that are going to really drive strategy.
Ken Goldman: Okay, thank you for that. And then a quick follow-up, I think you mentioned that the 1850 brand was up in terms of sales, at least in the takeaway data that we see, some of the distribution has maybe shrunk a little bit on that brand. Can you walk us through whether that's an accurate read of what's happening and if it is, maybe what the plan is to sort of reverse that a little bit?
Mark Smucker: Yes. We still have seen that 1850 continues to perform at expectations. As I mentioned again in the prepared comments, we are launching new advertising, which isn't on air yet. We actually got some nice publicity pre on that, in some of the advertising, the industry rags so that we've had some good feedback there, but ultimately, we continue to remain very focused on 1850 and we do expect to see continued growth in the brand.
Mark Belgya: Yes, Ken, I just would add also, Away From Home we introduced it there and then also at e-commerce it's showing up well there. So there is some other aspects of growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please state your question.
Bryan Spillane: So maybe you know, just the first question and I think it kind of follows up on what Andrew was asking. I guess I'm still trying to understand or get a sense for is with new management, new people coming into the organization or plan to have new people come in, how much flexibility is there or potential that the strategy which you laid out for us a year ago would be open to really being materially changed and not just goals, but also just the actual strategy itself? Is there a chance that it would be reset, maybe meaningfully from what you communicated a year ago?
Mark Smucker: Bryan, this is Mark Smucker. I don't see a meaningful or significant shift in our total strategy. We continue to view that our three growth imperatives are still the right ones. We still believe in the categories in which we play and we still believe in the brands within those. You know what, if there are subtle shifts across our categories, that could be possible. I think, I mentioned in the prepared remarks, Natural Balance and that we may take a broader look at that brand to make sure that we are doing the right things for it. And so we will continue to potentially think about all of our categories and how we refine them, but I think the fundamental priorities against the business remains sound and the existing leadership team is very committed to those as well.
Bryan Spillane: So fair to characterize a lot of what's happened is either execution or needing to make some adaptations to some competitive activity - competitor activity.
Mark Smucker: That's fair.
Bryan Spillane: And then second one from me, just for Mark Belgya. In the - the protein market is pretty dynamic right now and especially with potentially more product being exported to China, and particularly like within chicken where maybe some parts that were sort of directed towards the Pet food industry could actually be exported. And so what we're trying to get a sense for is your thought on how you're monitoring protein inputs for the Pet food business and is there a potential or a likelihood that you'll start to see some inflation there?
Mark Belgya: What I would probably say to that is that I would just push back to the comment I had I think it was in my script just around our commodity outlook in general. And we would take those kind of considerations into our expectations, but right now we don't see a significant change in any of our categories as it relates to commodities, including what you just described. Obviously if that were to play out more significant, we, as I'm sure the other competitors in the mix would look at that from a pricing perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pamela Kaufman of Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
Pamela Kaufman: Can you elaborate on the competitive dynamics that you're seeing in the premium pet category and the proliferation in premium dog food products that you mentioned in the prepared comments?
Mark Smucker: There really is no elaboration from what we've previously communicated. I would just characterize it as - this is Mark Smucker by the way - just characterize it as a continued, pretty consistent level of intensity. If I could just, I can give you some specific color on our actions in terms of what we communicated previously. As you know, we have taken very specific actions as it relates to our customer support, both in-store, some of that is pricing as we've discussed previously. Obviously, we actually ramped up our on-air presence for Nutrish. We actually are shooting new advertising for Nutrish in the coming weeks, which won't show up in market probably until sometime in the third quarter and so all of those things remain - we remained very committed to. I think the only change from prior quarter is that the implementation of those has taken a little bit longer, particularly at a customer level, than we would expect. And so, although we have now just as of even this week, starting to reflect at the customer level, it isn't across the entire market. But through this Q3, we would expect to see all of those actions really come to fruition.
Pamela Kaufman: And then what was the contribution from innovation in the quarter? Do you still expect a $100 million contribution from products launched this year? And I guess generally how happy are you with the performance of innovation this year.
Mark Smucker: In general, I would say broadly in an aggregate, we feel that our innovation is actually meeting expectations. There are obviously puts and takes in that. I think our Milk-Bone for example innovation is going well and you think about snacking and I've already spoken to 1850 those are broadly meeting expectations.
Pamela Kaufman: Thanks. And then just on the contribution from innovation in the quarter and for the full year?
Mark Belgya: Yes, we are - hi, this is Mark Belgya, we're really trying to step away from that and I think to Mark's point we're pleased with the performance, but I think as time passes, particularly in that $100 million. We've talked in the past, how that's going to be stretched out over a little bit more time. So we will periodically update that, but that's not something we would look to do each quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Vivek Srivastava: This is Vivek Srivastava speaking for Jason English. My question is on the impact of DCM on grain free Pet food sales, we are witnessing grain-free sales trends worsening in many of the dog food brands, due to building concerns around DCM including Rachael Ray where grain-free sales has declined 7% in track channels since the FDA announcement in June. What risk do you see from this in the months ahead? How have trends been in pet specialty and what steps you're taking to address this? Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Yes. So if you look across some of the FDA comments that came out, I don't know a couple of months ago, there has been a modest impact to all brands that were named in that. And that does not include, and that includes our brands, but it also includes all of the competitive brands as well. It is difficult, very difficult to quantify what that is. And we continue to make sure that we are offering a wide variety of products to our consumers that they - that they have the ability to choose between grain-free or limited ingredients or what have you. And so we continue to believe a broad portfolio is the right thing to do and we will continue to support those brands and across the entire portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you for the question. Two actually. Can you just give me a little more color on the Coffee Division sales being flat, Nielsen retail tracking data indicates down 3%. Mark Belgya, I think you mentioned e-commerce being a benefit, but are there other channels that are benefiting this or is there a risk that there is some inventory kind of loading up in the channel, like what happened last year? And then secondly, I think you made a comment Mark about inventory balances being higher at the end of the year. Can you give us a little more clarity on that? Thanks.
Mark Belgya: Yes. So Rob, this is Mark Belgya. So in terms of coffee, so I did mention the e-commerce was up actually e-commerce I think was in our scripted comments is about 5% of our total company sales and coffee actually saw a nice increase this quarter. So that could be part of what you're seeing. There probably is a little bit of shipment ahead of takeaway, you'll recall last quarter our commentary was coming out of Q4 that coffee had a strong Q4, a softer Q1 and we believe they got all the reasons, the new distribution and some other things. And so we delivered on all of that, particularly in KCups. So that could explain a little bit, what you're seeing as it relates to take away. On the inventory, right now, our balance - our inventory balances are running a little higher. Some of that is where we are with sales. I know the teams are working to work those numbers down now, but as we're looking at our free cash flow, as I said with the take out in earnings and where at least inventory stand right now, though I think the numbers will come down some. We just added a little bit of softness or a little bit of increase in inventory balances and thus a reduction in the cash generation.
Mark Smucker: And Rob, this is Mark Smucker. I might just elaborate on - give some clarity on stuff that might not come through in the scan data that's positive. So broadly across the coffee portfolio, we were - we had a very good quarter and we were pleased across every brand. And so if you look at growing Dunkin, growing all of our KCups, Bustelo did very well, Dunkin', for example, not only is it the number three, but it is the fastest growing premium brand, and the reason that that's not showing up in the scan data is because Canister - the Dunkin' Canister, which is doing very well falls in the mainstream segment. And so if you take Dunkin' in aggregate, it is growing faster than Starbucks in both - all of the 4-week, 12-week and 52-week periods. And then Folgers specifically, as you know, both in peanut butter and coffee we have - we've experienced significant deflation. But that said, Folgers is playing the role that we want it to, it's - the volume was up in the quarter and so despite the fact that we have that deflation, we've seen both volume growth and we've been able to actually maintain our profitability on the business. So coffee overall is a very nice success story for us in the quarter.
Robert Moskow: And maybe I could sneak one more in. Marketing as a percent of sales, I think the guidance was to be 6.5% to 7% this year. Do you think you'll be below that because of more just cost to discretionary projects?
Mark Belgya: No.
Mark Smucker: No. I would even maybe go one step further Rob is that, because I know that we've been asked and I guess this goes back to one of the earlier questions, it's sort of our strategy, investing in our brands. We would really like to sort of draw a line in the sand now for our - for our marketing dollars. So we will end in that 6.5% to 7% range and - in the events, in the unlikely event that sales were to change from our guidance, we would still look to hold the dollar spend in marketing for the rest of the year.
Robert Moskow: So judging from the giggles, I think I'll raise my marketing spending in the back half, but I'll - maybe I'll get back to you on that. Mark Belgya, thank you so much for your help over the years. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please state your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone, and congratulations to Tucker, and thank you so much to Mark. So the first question that I have is around the free cash flow guidance. It looks as though free cash flow guidance was bought down a little bit more than the sales guidance in the earnings per share guidance. I was just wondering around the mechanics of that or what's causing that revision downwards. And then my second question is really about the visibility into earnings growth from here. Obviously, there has been a couple of guide downs in the past couple of quarters. I guess, I'm wondering, is the visibility deteriorating at this point and what does that mean for the validity of a long-term earnings growth algorithm and also what are the major factors that are now harder to predict than they were previously. Thank you.
Mark Belgya: Alexia, this is Mark Belgya. So in terms of the free cash flow, I think it - - there's only certain components of that, and I would say it's predominantly the two that I called out on the earnings and on the inventory. There's probably maybe just a little bit more working capital. But as you know, that ultimate number won't be figured out until April 30th when all the balance sheet items are finalized, but there is nothing dramatically in any other areas or components of that calculation that would be off. In terms of just the - your second question, and let me just take a step back and Mark please jump in here. So, in terms of just forecasting generally, I think that with some of the de-risking if you will of our guidance for the rest of the fiscal, we feel that we have taken a prudent approach to consider the competitive activity, particularly in premium pet, have thought through where we had some strong finishes last year. That might be a bit more of a challenge to get through and do feel that we have appropriately recognized that, we would expect earnings growth albeit not as fast as we originally expected beginning of the year, but we would expect that to be in Q4 as I commented on Q3 being down slightly and I don't think there's anything dramatically different in our ability to do so. I think that as we've said in the last quarter, almost two quarters now, you know, our intent is to continue our cost management program, to help alleviate some of the softness that we have incurred and help sort of protect that, that ability to hit the guidance. And, where we stand as of right now, we feel pretty good about our estimate on top line and how that parlays into our earnings guidance.
Mark Smucker: Yes, I guess, I would just add one comment on forecasting which is, although we are not pleased with the guide down, I would comment that this is a reflection of better visibility into our forecasting and making sure that we're taking the prudent steps in terms of derisking as Mark spoke to earlier. We're making sure that we're reconciling operational and financial forecast in the appropriate manner and providing not only us, the senior leaders, but also the individual businesses with the appropriate level of visibility.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim. Please state your question.
Laurent Grandet: I'd like to focus my first question on the new organization. So, could you please comment on the reason why you're appointed as COO and what would be the exact role of yours in that new power split please? And also, I mean, where are you thinking - where are you are in the process and when do you see, I mean, you can fill this role as well as the new US sales and Pet food leaders? Thank you.
Mark Belgya: Sure, Laurent. Thank you for the question. So, I did answer this in the prepared remarks, but my focus needs to remain on obviously delivering results and really making the right strategic decisions for the business. The Chief Operating Officer will help in terms of making choices across all of the businesses and will really help to operate the businesses on a day-to-day basis, which I do today, but I also feel that I need to spend a little more time just on strategic matters as well and obviously building the organization for success, obviously for the long term. I feel very good about the team that we have in place today. I think that everybody is very much aligned on the strategic priorities, and I think as COO will quite frankly just help specific decision making and execution at the business level.
Laurent Grandet: And in terms of the process on - in terms of timing for this role, and as well as the two other roles?
Mark Belgya: Well, we're in a search. We've begun the search for those - for those roles, and those are underway. It's hard to say when we will actually fill them, those things can take time. We are moving as fast as we can. But we want to make sure that we find the right individual that has both the right - the right level of operating experience, but also the appropriate level of leadership experience in terms of developing people and culture. So I won't commit to a timeframe, but suffice it to say we're on it and we're moving as quickly as we can.
Laurent Grandet: One more question it's more on the Pet food. So, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned you lost about $20 million in private label sales. And just during the call, I mean, you also mentioned, it could be about $10 million loss in the third quarter. How should we think more of these private label business going forward? I mean, is it a business that you are planning to move away from and how big is that? Thank you very much.
Mark Belgya: So generally as a company, philosophically, we only engage in private label businesses where it makes strategic sense or where we know we can generate growth and profitability. And so where we have exited, those were - in most cases, those were conscious decisions to exit parts of the business that were not generating the appropriate return. So we do remain engaged in some of our private label Pet businesses. It is specific to those areas where there is a strategic benefit, partnership with customers and so we will not abandon it, but we will be prudent in terms of how we - how and where we engage strategically on private label.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rebecca Scheuneman of Morningstar. Please state your question.
Rebecca Scheuneman: So I'd like to start with the leadership changes as well. And if you could just kind of talk about the process and how you work through that. Did you look at best practices across the industry or was it more of an internal analysis? I just like to kind of hear about the process.
Mark Smucker: Yes, sure. We did look at best practices across the industry to be sure. We have an ongoing relationship with the search firm that we are using even for the CFO search, I would tell you we did do a thorough search externally and Tucker actually went through a very rigorous process, external evaluation process with a couple outside partners, one being the search firm. And so even in every case, we are taking a prudent approach in terms of how we are looking at filling those roles and just wanting to make sure that we are looking both at best practices, but also making sure that we're taking the appropriate time and necessary steps to put the right talent in each role.
Rebecca Scheuneman: And then my last question is, you had mentioned in the prepared comments about some possible changes you're considering for the Natural Balance strategy, and I was just wondering if you could elaborate about some of the changes you're considering for example, are you looking at possibly entering into food, drug and mass, that would seem to align with your - your be everywhere strategy and I'm just wondering if that's something that you're considering.
Mark Smucker: Sure. I can't give you much more colors, so I'm not sure you'll be that pleased with the answer, but I do - what I would say is we previously talked about a re-stage. We continue to move forward with the re-stage that includes a whole host of things including packaging alignment, consumer communication, I mean, it really is, it is very broad and it does take time, because it is a relatively deep exercise. I think what we have said previously is that re-stage would be towards the end of the - the very end of the fiscal year. But, beyond that, we will consider a more, a broader strategic review of the brand, that could include things like you're suggesting, but we want to hold off on communicating anything until we really have gone through our own internal process.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the conference call back to management to conclude.
Mark Smucker: Thank you all for listening. We appreciate the questions, I guess I would hope that everyone takes away that, they are many areas of our business that are performing very well, because where we focus, we are winning. The softness is isolated to premium dog and obviously we've seen some deflation in a couple of our categories, but hope that you all take away that we have taken very specific and decisive actions, whether it be in the marketplace, financial discipline, investing in our business, the leadership changes that ultimately are really starting to yield results. And so we do have a commitment to you all that we will - we will continue to work and the goal of course is to grow our business in aggregate. And just want to thank our fantastic employees for their commitment to the Company and wish everybody on the call a very happy Thanksgiving. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-08-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company’s Fiscal 2020 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions-and-answers after the prepared remarks. Please limit yourself to two questions during the Q&A session and requeue if you have additional questions. I will now turn the conference call over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for our fiscal 2020 first quarter earnings conference call. After this brief introduction, Mark Smucker, President and CEO, will give an overview of the quarter’s results and an update on our strategic priority. Mark Belgya, Vice Chair and CFO, will then provide detailed analysis of the financial results and our fiscal 2020 outlook. A Q&A session will follow the prepared remarks. During today’s call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning’s press release, which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally as detailed in the press release. We have posted a supplementary slide deck summarizing the quarterly results and fiscal 2020 full-year outlook. The slides can be accessed on our website and will be archived there along with a replay of this call. If you have additional questions after today’s call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Let me begin by providing comments on our first quarter results, which were below our expectations. Given the momentum we generated in the past two quarters, the miss relative to our expectations in this first quarter is unacceptable, particularly as it relates to our top line sales. Our team is already executing on plans to address recent performance, which include improving the consumer value proposition at shelf, the continued launch of new advertising across multiple brands and driving awareness and trial in premium dog food. Underpinning all of these actions is a focus on accelerating the execution of our strategic growth imperatives, which is the key to unlocking the growth potential of all our brands. We are also taking decisive near-term actions to ensure we maintain financial discipline, deliver on our commitments and increase shareholder value, including: one, reprioritize – reprioritization of company-wide initiatives; two, a reduction or elimination of certain discretionary expenses; and thirdly, the evaluation of planned marketing programs with an increased focus on maximizing return on investments. Let me provide additional details on first quarter results. Organic sales – organic net sales decreased 4% compared to the prior year, which was below our expectations, primarily as a result of three factors. First, the timing of shipments, primarily in coffee and peanut butter; second, the deflation in the coffee and peanut butter categories; and thirdly, increased competitive activity in the premium dog food category. Our adjusting EPS declined 11% compared to the prior year. The reduction was driven by lower net sales and resulting SD&A deleverage, which was only partially offset by gross margin expansion with improved mix in Pet Food, resulting from the decline of private label sales. With respect to the shortfall in U.S. Retail Coffee, we are confident that this was a temporary dynamic. While we expected a sales deceleration from the fourth quarter, the decline was greater than anticipated. This was partially due to timing of distribution gains across all formats that have shifted to the second quarter. As part of this change, we gained incremental shelf space going forward across all formats. We are already seeing momentum build in the second quarter and continue to expect top and bottom line growth for the Coffee segment this fiscal year. Our category leadership position remained strong. Along with the number one Folgers brand, Dunkin’ became the number three brand in retail sales during the quarter and continue to outpace category growth. In addition, we own four of the top five brands growing household penetration in the coffee category, and our K-Cup portfolio is outpacing category growth by approximately two times in the latest four, 12 and 52-week periods. We also recently launched innovation with Dunkin’ Signature Series, 1850 Single Origins and Folgers Noir products that will contribute to top line growth as the year progresses, since retailer acceptance is consistent with our projections. In Consumer Foods, a net sales decline in peanut butter was primarily attributable to a list price decline taken in the fourth quarter. Certain retailers also reduced inventory following a 15% increase in the company’s peanut butter shipments in the prior quarter, and a key promotion was shifted to the second quarter. While we did see a volume benefit since taking a price decline, it was lower than anticipated. We maintain a nearly 50% volume and dollar market share for the category and consumer takeaway for our peanut butter offerings performed better than other branded competitors and the overall category during the quarter as our velocity have increased following our pricing actions. In Pet Food, while we anticipated comparable sales to be down slightly, sales were below expectations, down 4%. Momentum for the majority of our pet brands continues to be masked by the decline in our private label business and the Natural Balance brand in the Pet Specialty channel. The shortfall expectations resulted from underperformance of Nutrish dog food as a result of greater than anticipated impact from premium competitors aggressive pricing actions. We are taking targeted actions to reaccelerate Nutrish dog food growth, which include improving the consumer value proposition at shelf to increase – to drive increased trial and loyalty and launching new advertising to increase awareness. While we anticipate continued softness for the Nutrish brand in the second quarter, we remain confident in the strength of the brand as a key growth driver for the balance of the fiscal year, including the launch of new innovation platforms. For the remainder of the fiscal year, we expect Nutrish to grow mid to high single digits. We are actively defending our position and remain confident in the long-term growth potential of our Pet business. There were areas where we made solid progress this quarter, with key brands delivering growth in both shipments and consumption. Cat food continued to deliver strong sales growth, driven by an 8% increase for Meow Mix, as well as growth for 9Lives and Nutrish. Our dog snacks platform also grew, led by sales increases for the Pup-Peroni, Nutrish and Milk-Bone brand. Pet innovation delivered over $20 million in net sales during the quarter, and we also continue to project $100 million in annualized sales for new products launched by the end of the year. Turning to the progress made against our long-term growth imperatives, we continued to execute and build momentum with our three consumer-centric growth imperatives to lead in the best categories, build brands consumers love and be everywhere. I’ll share a couple of examples from the quarter of how we are leading in the best categories. Snacking remains a key focus area with our total snacking portfolio generating net sales growth of 7% during the quarter, mostly driven by Uncrustable sandwiches, which grew 11%. We are now shipping Uncrustables products produced at the recently completed Longmont facility. The volume shipping from this plant is currently small as we execute the startup process. As planned, we will expand capacity throughout the year to support a significant increase in sales during the second-half of the year. We remain on track to grow this business to over $500 million in net sales within the next few years, compared to approximately $300 million in fiscal 2019. In addition, the Jif Power Ups platform has helped increase household penetration for the Jif brand by over 2 million households over the past year as a result of our new on-trend snack offerings. While growth slowed this quarter with lapping of initial sell-in last year, we remain confident in the growth opportunities for the Jif snacking platform. We recently launched new line extensions and expect to expand distribution as the year progresses. Turning to our strategic imperative of building brands consumers love. Last fiscal year, we began implementing our new Power of One marketing model, which includes a new structure within our marketing teams, in addition to consolidating work with a new agency. Although we’re at the very beginning of this new brand support hitting the market, we’re excited about the brand refresh underway and recently launched new advertising for the Jif and Smucker’s brands. We will continue to launch new campaigns across nine of our key brands in the upcoming month. These new breakthrough campaigns are bold, strengthen our brands’ relevance in today’s culture and set a new bar for CPG creative effectiveness, which we fully expect to support top line growth. We remain committed to our investments in marketing and innovation and we continue to project marketing spend to be in the range of 6.5% to 7% of net sales for the year. This commitment to support our brands and new products is critical to accomplishing our financial goals and increasing shareholder value. Our third growth imperative is to be everywhere. We understand the consumer shop and interact with brands on demand and multichannel. Therefore, we need to be wherever consumers shop and available anytime. Within the e-commerce channel, we compete in categories that are well suited to a subscription model, particularly Pet Food and Coffee. In the first quarter, our sales to pure play e-commerce retailers were up over 30%, while enforcing price discipline to protect pricing architecture and the equity of our brands. The e-commerce channel now accounts for nearly 5% of total U.S. retail sales, which is pacing in line with our goal to reach 5% by the end of the fiscal year. The focus of our Away From Home business has always been on offering branded products that consumers desire while outside of the home. During the first quarter, we increased our market share in three of our four strategic categories: liquid coffee, fruit spreads portion control offerings and peanut butter portion control offerings. Our shared market in each of these categories is well over 50% and more than twice the number two competitor. In the roast and ground coffee category, we will further strengthen our position by launching 1850 coffee, which complements the retail 1850 business, which was the number one launch in the coffee category last year. In the frozen handheld category, we are excited about being able to expand our Uncrustables business within additional Away From Home outlet. Before turning it over to Mark, here are a few thoughts we hope you take away from my comments. We are quickly adapting to competitive and market dynamics to deliver results that represent the strength of our organization. We operate in strong categories that are aligned with current consumer trends. We are making good progress on our consumer-focused framework and three growth imperatives designed to deliver on our long-term financial growth priorities and increase shareholder value. We remain confident in our strategy, our strong portfolio of brands and the new brand support that will together drive results. And we firmly believe, we’re moving forward with the right approach and are taking decisive actions to provide improved results for the remainder of the fiscal year. Finally, as always, I want to acknowledge our dedicated employees. We thank them for what they have done and what they will do to drive the business moving forward. I will now turn the call over to Mark Belgya.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. First quarter net sales decreased 6%, which included an incremental $25 million contribution from the Ainsworth acquisition and $73 million of lost sales related to the divestiture of U.S. baking business included in the prior year results. Excluding the noncomparable results, sales declined 4% in the first quarter. Unfavorable volume/mix, primarily for private label pet food and coffee had a 3 percentage point impact on net sales and lower net price realization, primarily for coffee and peanut butter reduced sales by 1%. Adjusted gross profit decreased $30 million from the prior year, or 4%. Excluding the noncomparable Ainsworth and U.S. baking business, gross profit was down 3%, primarily reflecting the declined volume/mix. Favorable costs were mostly offset by lower net pricing, as lower commodity costs for coffee and peanut butter were passed through to consumers. Adjusted operating income declined $26 million compared to the prior year, reflecting the decline in gross profit. Marketing expenses decreased $7 million and was 7.5% of net sales. $5 million of incremental expenses were incurred relating to the startup of the new Uncrustables facility, partially offsetting the decrease in marketing. Below operating income, interest expense decreased $4 million, driven by a lower debt balance, resulting from repayments made over the prior 12 months. The adjusted effective income tax rate was slightly higher than guidance at 25.2% in the quarter. Factoring all of this in, first quarter adjusted earnings per share was $1.58, compared to $1.78 in 2018, a decrease of 11%. Let me now turn to segment results beginning with Pet Food. Net sales were comparable to the prior year. Excluding the two-week stub period for Ainsworth, sales decreased by 4%. Sales of private label products were up 4% headwind to the quarter, which included the planned discontinuation of certain business. The Natural Balance brand declined 12% and was the other significant factor driving the decrease. Meow Mix and 9Lives drove solid cat food growth, while Pup-Peroni led within Pet Snacks, along with growth for both Nutrish and Milk-Bone treats. Pet Food segment profit increased 20% compared to the prior year. Excluding the noncomparable period related to Ainsworth acquisition, segment profit increased 16%, which included lapping the $11 million unfavorable fair value accounting adjustment in the prior year. The realization of acquisition synergies and favorable net price realization, partially offset by higher input costs and lower volume/mix, also impacted profitability. Turning to the Coffee segment. Net sales decreased 5% compared to the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to lower net price realization, driven by increased trade spend, as lower commodity prices are being passed through to our consumers. Lower volume/mix for the Folgers brand also contributed to the sales decline. Dunkin’ coffee net sales were comparable to the prior year, with the gap between our sales and 4% growth in Dunkin’ coffee consumption trends during the quarter being driven by timing and shipments in our fourth quarter were up mid-teens over the prior year. Coffee segment profit decreased 13%, primarily reflecting decline in volume/mix and the net impact of lower pricing in green coffee cost. In Consumer Foods, net sales decreased 17%, reflecting the divested U.S. baking business. Comparable net sales decreased 3%, driven by lower net sales for Jif, primarily due to the list price decline effective this past March. The decline in Jif was partially offset by the Smucker’s brand, which grew in both Uncrustables and Fruit Spreads categories. Excluding the prior year profits from the divested U.S. baking business, segment profit declined 8% due to expenses associated with the construction of the new Uncrustables facility and the net impact of price and cost. And lastly, in the International Away From Home segment, net sales declined 7% compared to the prior year. Volume/mix accounted for a 3 percentage point decline, most notably for Folgers. Lower net price realization reduced sales by 2 percentage points and unfavorable foreign currency exchange was $2 million. Segment profit decreased 26% due to the impact of lower volume/mix and unfavorable price cost relationships, expenses related to the long run startup and incremental tariffs. First quarter free cash flow was $149 million, which represented a $7 million increase over the prior year, reflecting a $28 million reduction in capital expenditures, partially offset by decreased cash from operating activity. CapEx for the quarter was $73 million, representing 4.1% of net sales. The company continued its intention of deleveraging by paying down $130 million of net debt in the quarter, bringing net debt repayments to more than $900 million in the past 12 months. We finished the quarter with a total debt balance of just under $5.8 billion. Based on trailing 12 months EBITDA of approximately $1.6 billion, our leverage ratio was reduced to 3.6 times. Let me now provide additional color on our revised outlook for fiscal 2020. Reported net sales are now anticipated to be flat to down 1%, compared to the prior year, which includes $106 million of baking sales in the prior year, $33 million of which were in the second quarter, and the incremental $25 million Ainsworth sales recognized in the first quarter of this year. On an organic basis, net sales are expected to be flat to up 1%. Private label pet food is expected to be up $40 million to $50 million headwind for the full-year, with a majority of the remaining impact occurring in Q2 and to a lesser extent in Q3. Changes from our previous guidance reflect: one, the first quarter sales mix versus our expectations; second, increased competitive activity in premium pet food; and third, a continued deflationary environment in coffee and peanut butter. Furthermore, we expect sales to improve sequentially each quarter, with the third and fourth quarters delivering growth over the comparable prior period. The capacity provided by the Longmont production facility is expected to accelerate growth for Uncrustables sandwiches in the third and fourth quarters. Second quarter net sales are expected to be down versus the prior year, primarily impacted by the divested baking business and declines in private label pet food. We expect gross profit margin for the year to be approximately 38.5%. Overall commodity cost projections remain lower, driven by green coffee and peanuts, which have already been reflected in lower pricing. In addition, continued synergy and cost savings benefiting both COGS and SD&A will be offset by increased manufacturing expenses, including startup costs associated with the new Uncrustables facility. In addition, as Mark stated, We are aggressively pursuing cost management over the remainder of the year to deliver earnings growth, despite the decrease in our sales guidance. As a result, SD&A expenses are now projected to decrease slightly compared to the prior year versus our prior estimate of an increase. Below operating income, we’re planning $200 million to $210 million in interest expense in fiscal 2020 and a tax rate of approximately 24.5% to 25%. Taking all these factors into consideration, we expect adjusted EPS in the range of $8.35 to $8.55. Similar to the cadence in net sales, the earnings per share growth is also expected to be realized in the back-half of the year, as the same headwinds impacting sales in the first-half are also impacting profit. As a reminder, the company realized the $27 million gain on divestiture in the second quarter last year that was mostly offset by a higher effective tax rate. We continue to project full-year free cash flow to range from $875 million to $925 million, with CapEx between $300 million and $320 million. We’ll continue to prioritize cash for debt reduction and expect to repay an additional $400 million by year-end, taking our leverage down to just above 3 times at the end of the fiscal year. In closing, let me reiterate Mark’s opening comments that while first quarter results were below expectations, the team is focused on critical actions to achieve our near-term and long-term financial targets. We remain steadfast that the actions we are taking to transform our company, while maintaining financial discipline, will deliver long-term value to our shareholders. We thank you for your time this morning and we’ll now open the call up for your questions. Operator, if you would please queue up the first question?
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please state your question.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Mark Belgya: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Hi there. Okay. So just two questions for me. One would be, Mark, I was hoping you could just maybe get into a little more detail around, I think, your comment was reprioritizing company-wide initiatives. And I was hoping to get a little more clarity on what you meant by that? And then specifically in Pet, it would be – with respect to some of the competitiveness in the premium space, do you view this more as maybe somewhat transitory around just competitive launches in premium that you sort of need to weather albeit with some additional spend versus is there some maybe structural change in what has typically been a very rational environment impact, particularly in premium pet? Like, do you feel like that’s in, I guess, a concern around that changing more structurally or, again, more temporal something that you’ve got to weather albeit with some additional spend? So hopefully, that’s clear and thank you?
Mark Smucker: Andrew, thanks. This is Mark Smucker. So, yes, on reprioritizing company initiatives, I would just say that, that is really about taking a very detailed look at a lot of the actions and things that we’re doing as a company and really prioritizing those initiatives, which truly are going to drive the business. And where there are – now, I won’t get into specifics of where there are actions or projects that are not specifically driving the business, we may stop or postpone some or many of those activities. As it relates to Pet, your first conclusion is correct. I guess, let me just walk through a little bit more detail, because this is obviously the most important question that we could get today, and it is one that we clearly have to address and are addressing. I guess, I would start by saying that, we did not fully anticipate how broad and aggressive some of the pricing actions would be on trial sizes in premium dog food. This is specific to premium dog food and relatively specific to trial sizes. We had not seen this level of aggressive pricing in previous other interactions and other channels. And we viewed this trial size dynamic as temporary and somewhat unsustainable. So that would go to your question about, we don’t view this as a structural change. It clearly created a temporary misalignment kind of in terms of the value proposition and led to some of our consumers trialing ultra-premium product. But we do continue to believe that our consumers remain largely distinct, and would just like to assure you and our investors that we are taking aggressive steps to ensure we’re positioned properly in the market – marketplace across several levers, price is one, obviously, customer and merchandising support would be another, and then I mentioned brand support in the prepared remarks. But we would expect progress to be steady for Nutrish, particularly, obviously, we’re still talking about dog food in the back-half. And we would again expect mid to high single-digit growth for the remainder of the year. All of that said, were we disappointed in the results this quarter? Yes. But two things I would just like to hammer home. One is, more broadly, our pricing action that we had taken has stuck. And so we have been pleased with where we obviously took a broader pricing action across the portfolio that stuck. And then there are many other parts of the pet portfolio, which are doing very well. So that gives us confidence in the portfolio as a whole, but clearly, we have to address this more immediate issue.
Mark Belgya: Hey, Andrew, this is Mark Belgya. Just to tag onto the first question. Obviously, the refocus, if you will, on prioritization is to address and drive the matters that are most affecting the business. But it just also underscores the comfort, it was in my scripted comments, where we will see a reduction in our SD&A. So not only is it resulting an emphasis on the key areas that we need to go after, but it is going to have a cost reduction. And that’s again, allowing us to stay – hit our guidance with – recognizing that our planned sales are down a bit.
Andrew Lazar: And as you said that wouldn’t incorporate a reduction in marketing spend. I think you did mention that, so just wanted to clarify.
Mark Belgya: It’s real. But I – yes, thank you for raising it, because I think it’s an important note. I will give a lot of credit to our teams. We look at this – at the most detailed level and the intent was not to just cut dollars, it really was to identify opportunities that can maximize return. And in those events that just were not going to achieve, we just took a hard line and either postponed or cancelled. So while there will be a reduction in marketing, we still very comfortable with all our new creative that we’ve been talking about for months will be coming on air over the next several weeks in support of our innovation. So we’re comfortable with it, but it will be lower.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks, and see you next week.
Mark Belgya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please state your question.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane: I – so just two for me. One, I guess as we’re thinking about the implied improvement in revenues that’s embedded in the guidance for the back-half of the year. Can you just break down in – maybe in broad stroke, how much of it do you expect to come from the incremental – the innovation, the new products and how much of it comes from or is dependent upon an improvement in the base?
Mark Belgya: Yes. Bryan, it will come from both. I won’t get into specifics – between those two specific buckets, but it will come. And so if you just think about what we have talked about in the last couple of quarters as well as our Investor Day and at CAGNY, we really have focused on portfolio. We’ve also talked about our growth brands, our base brands. So we see growth coming in both our growth brands, in our core brands. So in our base brands, we see it coming from Nutrish as it – as we address some of the issues that Mark discovered. We also see Uncrustables as being a contributor, particularly in the back-half of the year. With our plant in Longmont, Colorado, coming on Board, we’ll see volume gains there that will allow us to increase sales. We also see our coffee brands, particularly Dunkin’ and Bustelo will drive growth that it will see that the core – or the – I’m sorry the growth brand. And then in the core, we’re going to see our coffee business turnaround in the back-half, as well. So we did the combination across those both areas.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, that’s helpful. And then maybe just a follow-up to Andrew’s question about the resources. I think if we go back to the Investor Day, maybe I guess it was last year, talked about one of the things that had happened at Smucker’s in the past was maybe not sticking with things long enough. And so I guess, as you’re kind of thinking about resource allocation and which projects you are going to stay with, and not, are you looking at it maybe differently than you had in the past, just to guard against making sure that you’re not sort of cutting something prematurely?
Mark Smucker: Bryan, this is Mark Smucker, thanks for the question. You are correct. We use the phrase stick to your guns. So that is precisely what we need to do as it relates to supporting the brand, I talked about the advertising campaigns that are just beginning. So we’re just now beginning to see the fruits of our labor on the marketing. And there across nine or 10 brands, I think, I said nine in the prepared remarks are coming over the next couple of quarters. And so we’ve got to maintain, that’s why obviously the level of commitment to the marketing spend and then also making sure that we continue to support the innovation in the marketplace. So that is true across not just the 1850 and Jif Power Ups, but innovation in Pet. Although it started a little late, we’ve been pleased with the results we’ve seen customer pickup in line with our expectations. So it is a matter and large degree of continuing to be consistent and continuing to support those innovations for an extended periods to make sure that they gain traction in a foothold.
Mark Belgya: Yes, Bryan, I would – this is Mark Belgya. I would just add that a little bit as an add on to my last comment, Andrew, is that, on the marketing side, we went through and we identified what we felt was a reasonable reduction in areas. But the intent was to make sure that we maintained the dollar support from marketing that was necessary to support that innovation pipeline. So if you look at what we have done historically over the last couple of years and what we’re going to do even more this year around the cost reductions is, while we’re clearly trying to identify opportunity to help deliver the guidance in light of the lower sales volume, we also – the organization recognizes the importance of folks sticking to our guns and providing the financial support to do that. So it’s sort of an all in to get that cost structure such that we can continue to protect that that innovation.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, and that’s great. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. I guess my question is about coffee margins. Last year, I think you had a nice pickup in your margins, because coffee commodity costs were down and you lowered price, but your Folgers profits grew in the process. This year, I guess, I’m a little unclear like what the expectation is coffee commodity costs are still falling a lot. You’re off to a slow start in the first quarter, but that you’re saying the rest of the year, you will have growth. So should we expect your margins to be flat in this dynamic, or are you going to have to give up a little bit more than you normally would? Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Rob, it’s Mark Smucker. I’ll start. We would expect them to be relatively consistent with last year. As you know, coffee costs are at 30-year lows, and they’ve been at 30-year lows for sometime. They continue to be at very low prices. So we have continued to use the lever of trade to make sure that we’re – our competitive position is strong, but we do not see any significant change in both the performance of coffee. We do expect it to come back and we are actually already seeing some momentum in the category across all the segments, and then margins will be more or less consistent with last year.
Mark Belgya: Hey, Rob, this is Mark Belgya. Yes, I – absolutely, what Mark is saying, obviously, the 20%, call it, 28% we have for the quarter is below where we typically look. And where we will see the pickup over the back three quarters will come just from continued lower cost as a key driver, and then just getting the volume back quite candidly will help. And then that brings to it obviously things like favorable rate absorption. So there are some drivers that will help turnaround what you saw in first quarter to get back to sort of last year’s numbers.
Robert Moskow: And you said that one of the drivers was just that there were some new product launches that were delayed, specifically into second quarter. Can you help us quantify, like what the gap was between first and second in that?
Mark Belgya: Yes, Rob, this is Mark Belgya, again. It wasn’t necessarily new items. It was just we anticipate increased distributions that it will be more of a second quarter and a go-forward as opposed to the first quarter. So it’s not necessarily just innovation, it is also some base business across the brands.
Robert Moskow: And why are retailers increasing your distribution in coffee?
Mark Smucker: Well, frankly, because several of our lines and items are performing very well. In the prepared remarks, I mentioned how well our K-Cup offerings are doing. So we are seeing some expanded distribution in K-Cup, as well as in our premium coffee set as well. And in some cases that may be at the expense of competitors. But generally speaking, because our customers have seen good performance. They are, in several cases, taking on some expanded points of distribution.
Robert Moskow: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on your top line outlook. So volumes came in softer during the quarter. And I wanted to understand how much of the reduction to your top line outlook is driven by changes to your expectation for volume versus plans to invest more in price? And previously, you expected organic growth across customer pet and coffee. Do you still expect growth across all three segments this year?
Mark Belgya: So, Pam, this is Mark Belgya. Let me just start. So if you look at – let me just take a step back and sort of say where the top line, what droves Q1 and sort of what we expect from volume/mix over the remainder of the year. So for the reasons that Mark and I outlined, particularly the timing of shipments, notably, coffee and peanut butter that we’re really strong in Q4. So that drove our volume/mix some in Q1. So the thing is, you have to remember, too. You Probably know this, when we have that volume impact with particularly those two categories, those are highly profitable and high dollar value item, so we get sort of a double whammy and thus the vol/mix. As we look forward, we still expect to see volume increase – volume/mix grow because of the fact of the matter is, there’s going to be innovation coming across the various categories – across various brands as well. So that will drive. I don’t know if we’ll really get into the specifics on each segment. But again, we said organic growth should be positive for the year, and it is going to be a combination, as I said earlier, it will be our growth brands. So again, Nutrish, Dunkin’, Uncrustables and that’s some innovation, that’s obviously capacity come on Board Longmont. And then for some of the things that Mark just spoke to, for example, on the K-Cups and other coffee areas, we’re going to see growth there. So it is sort of the same story. I’d say that the biggest change for maybe what we said back in June is that, the impact of the strong fourth quarter probably drove – had a bigger impact on shipments than we would have assumed in Q1.
Pamela Kaufman: Okay, thanks. And just to follow-up on Nutrish. Can you elaborate on your plan for accelerating growth in the brand? And last quarter, you talked about some of your white space launches shifting into the first quarter? Did this occur as you had expected?
Mark Smucker: Pam, I didn’t hear the last part of the – second part of your question.
Pamela Kaufman: So the…
Mark Smucker: You asked me to elaborate on Nutrish, and what else?
Pamela Kaufman: And then last quarter, you talked about some of your white space launches shifting into the first quarter. So this happened as you expected?
Mark Smucker: Yes, in treats – in cat treats, we did see some shifting of timing. But again, as I mentioned earlier on the innovation piece, we have seen good customer acceptance. It is – some of the customers reset their shelves later than initially expected. So that drove some of the timing. But so far, what we’ve seen is in line with our projections that we’ve been pleased with the innovation pickup in general. And then as it relates to Nutrish, I won’t get into specifics other than to say and just reiterate that, again, the dynamic in the premium pet dog, dog food category was actually a couple of competitors. It was not only one competitor that there was some aggressive pricing. Obviously, we will respond to that, as I mentioned, we will make sure that our pricing, particularly on those trial sizes and other items is where it needs to be to compete. And then we will continue to support the brands, both at a customer level and as well as from a consumer support in terms of brand support and advertising.
Pamela Kaufman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks.
Mark Smucker: Hey, Jason.
Jason English: Thank you for responding me in. I have a couple of questions. I guess, to start with, do you have an approximation of how much of a drag on organic sales was the inventory destock at retail related to Folgers and Jif this quarter?
Mark Belgya: Hey, Jason, it’s Mark Belgya. I guess, I would just without getting specific, I would just say that it was a primary driver of the overall mix for the company. We said the 4%, 3%, that was volume/mix and a fair portion of it was related to that.
Jason English: Okay. So as I think about the remainder of the year, you gave us some commentary in the second quarter. It sounds like the growth recovery is really back-half weighted. And to get to your guide, I kind of need like 2% to 4% organic sales growth. And I’m obviously going to have to comp the over-shipment in the fourth quarter. So on an underlying basis that that 2% to 4% is probably closer to 3% to 5%. It seems like a really big number for volume/mix, particularly in consideration of the environment overall. If you could touch maybe a little bit more on what gives you confidence there? And also give us some context of the amount of flexibility you have within your earnings algorithm to still deliver on earnings if that type of growth doesn’t actually transpire?
Mark Belgya: So let me start with your second first question first. So as I said earlier, the team spent an incredible amount of time over the last several weeks identifying these opportunities. And we recognize that our investors and our followers question the ability to hit the earnings in the event that we cannot drive the sales performance that we’re estimating. So I would suffice it to say that we have – we’ve looked beyond just covering some of the costs that are necessary and anticipate that the top line, if it delivers even fall a little short that we feel that the guidance range is achievable. In terms of the sales, you’re right, it is definitely a back-half loaded forecast. And I guess, as I think, I mentioned earlier, it really is coming through a number of areas. But if you just look across the portfolio, we are going to see significant improvement in our growth brands in Q – particularly Q3 an 4, but over the back nine months, and that is going to be driven by Nutrish. And we feel with the actions that the teams have taken and are taking, we will reverse first quarter performance. We also feel that the Dunkin’ and Bustelo, again, some of these distribution gains as well as some innovation are going to benefit. And one of the things that actually will help by going away is this private label, which had a big impact on Q1, which is $26 million. We’ve got another $20-plus-million coming primarily in Q2, that pretty much goes away in Q3 and completely goes away in Q4. So that’s a big drag that we don’t have as well. So that’s the primary areas that we see, I think, the programs we have in place. And again, I know that you guys, we haven’t gone on air with – except for Jif and Smucker’s our new advertising. But we really believe that will be a driver of volume growth in the back-half as well.
Jason English: Okay. And on – I’m sorry, go ahead, Mark.
Mark Smucker: Jason, if I may just add a couple of comments from a historical perspective. Just on the private label – just before I do that, on the private label piece, some of that was planned exit in Pet. We will expect to replace some of that more than likely in the fourth quarter. So there is this lag. So Mark comments were right in terms of the specifics of that being one of the factors. I guess, what I would just like to frame in is, clearly, as a CEO of this company, delivering on our commitments to our shareholders is a foundational priority. And so, we clearly – we won’t do our initial guidance in – on a top line, but we will do whatever is within our power to ensure that, that we deliver earnings growth. And as we’ve said before that we’re in the business for the long-term. The progress is not linear and it can be lumpy. This quarter is an example of lumpiness. And it is – we have been in previous years many times with a back-half loaded plan. And so that is not new. And for those of you that have covered us for a while, you’ve experienced that in many different years. I guess, I would point to and clearly we don’t measure our success on a single quarter. But I would point, if you look back historically, in fiscal 2017, our business was declining at 3%. In 2018, it was declining around 1%. And last year, we were flat. And this year, we intend to deliver some positive growth. So if you look at that annual trend, clearly, we’re moving in the right direction. And that’s – that, obviously, is the goal, and our entire company is focused on making sure that we can deliver the guidance that we set for.
Jason English: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Mark Smucker: Hey, John.
John Baumgartner: Just wanted to stick with the Pet business, because there’s a lot of discussion around competition in premium around Rachael Ray and some of the newer entrants, maybe there’s some substitution risk, maybe there’s not. But if we focus more on the mainstream portfolio, I think, the consensus there is the growth in – is coming from trade up. And we’ve seen the impact the Gravy Train, Kibbles pricing is down 20% over the past three years. So when you model the business going forward, how are you comfortable with the relevance of the Kibbles franchise and defending the mass part of the portfolio from here?
Mark Smucker: So I’ve talked on previous calls – this is Mark Smucker. I’ve talked on previous calls about the breadth of the category and how – there is a very broad pricing set from ultra premium all the way down to value. And fundamentally, there is a similarly broad set of consumers that are looking for all different need states. So our portfolio is very broad as well. We believe it clearly meets many of those need states, but really supporting those brands and continuing to drive our marketing investment against those is clearly going to have a strong impact. I would point to the fact that, Kibbles – you referenced Kibbles is a relatively small piece of the portfolio. Meow Mix is another example of a brand that is a mainstream brand, but it grew at 8% this year – for this quarter. So about 65-ish percent of dog purchases is roughly in the premium and in our portfolio is in the premium space. So our portfolio does queue little premium. And so again, regardless of which segment we’re talking about premium or value, it’s all about communicating with the consumer, getting the price right at shelf, supporting the brands at shelf and making sure that our advertising is speaking to the consumer it’s intended to.
John Baumgartner: Okay. Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please state your question.
Christopher Growe: Hi, good morning.
Mark Smucker: Hey, Chris.
Christopher Growe: Hi. I just had two questions for you, if I could. I wanted to ask first, in terms of your sense of the inventory adjustments that occurred this quarter, do you expect those to start from here or even reverse in this level? I just want to understand how that fits into your volume growth outlook for the year? And any inventory changes?
Mark Smucker: I – this is Mark Smucker. I would just say there will probably be some reversal in coffee, we are seeing that and probably some in peanut butter. I don’t think we’ve quantified that. As we’ve said before, occasionally, customers do make inventory adjustments, you can’t predict that. And this was one of those instances, but we continue to be encouraged by the trends, particularly on coffee. We have seen some nice pickup, as I mentioned on peanut butter, and particularly versus other brands. And then again, one thing we didn’t know in coffee is that the Dunkin’ canister. We’ve had a lot of questions about that in the past. And that product is doing extremely well and it’s highly incremental, much more incremental than we expected. So we are not cannibalizing ourselves as much as we have originally expected and it’s actually supporting category growth as well. So all of the things continue to give us confidence. And again, the inventory thing is sort of, we deal with it when it happens and this is one of those instances.
Christopher Growe: Okay. And then just another follow-up question we have on the Pet division. We talked about some delay until the new product launches into fiscal 2020. Are those occurring now as you expect to kind of spread across the year? You talked about some Nutrish products coming in the second-half of the year. So to get a sense of that how that’s progressing, if you will, throughout fiscal 2020?
Mark Smucker: Yes, you are correct. There was some, as I mentioned before, some delayed shelf reset, which caused customers to take them later than we expected. Again, the Milk-Bone long-lasting chew items are doing very well. And so again, I know we are seeing the right level of pickup, meeting our projections a little later than expected, but it’s going well. And there are other new product launches that are coming throughout the remainder of the year. So it’s not all in yet, if you will.
Christopher Growe: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi, guys. So just one question for me. The EPS guidance change for the year. It’s fairly unusual guiding down modestly so early in the year, I think, it’s about a 1% cut to the share guidance for fiscal 2020. I’m just curious about your thinking behind that, why do a small amounts now? And particularly given the uncertainty around the competitive dynamics, the retailer environments and so long, why not expand the guidance at all which is still very narrow? Thank you, and I’ll pass it on.
Mark Smucker: Alexia, it’s Mark Smucker. As a CEO, I remain very committed to being transparent with our investors. And given what we know this quarter, we, despite being disappointed in the guide down, we felt that it was the right thing to do and making – just making sure that we’re having transparent and focused conversation about our results and what we truly believe we can deliver. So it is my obviously imperative to continue to ensure that we’re providing that level of transparency going forward. So it’s just – it’s where we feel comfortable.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Mark Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Scott Mushkin with Wolfe Research. Please state your question.
Scott Mushkin: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my questions. So I guess, in listening to what you guys have been saying and the optimism in the back-half of the year, I’ve spent a lot last week in a lot of different stores, obviously, the Kroger for a couple of hours. And it just seems like the competition in some of your categories, I guess, I wouldn’t be as encouraged. You look at Skippy, they’re advertising and they’ve been doing a lot of efforts at stores. You look at the pet category and we didn’t notice like Nutrish and all the competition coming in there. And then on coffee, clearly Nestlé is doing an incredible job with Starbucks and creating some challenges in that category. So I guess, the question is that, why – I know you have plans in place, but why do you think competition, specifically against you is going to maybe ebb? Is there any signs of that?
Mark Smucker: Well, I don’t think it’s going to ebb. I mean, we’re – we’ve been competing for 122 years, it’s not. So that’s a fair comment. What I would say is, again, we’re in three amazing categories that are all, essentially snack, pet and coffee growing faster than center store in aggregate. So we’re in good categories. Most importantly, we have leading brands, and in many cases, number one brands that are really flagship brands within each category, or within segments of categories. And so that clearly gives us a competitive strength and gives us the permission to compete and obviously, to lead in many cases with price. As we’ve done, I would point to as well, even in Pet, as you had new entrants come in, and despite being somewhat disappointed with our results in premium dog, we actually retained more points of distribution than other competitors did in – when those new entrants came in. So again, pointing to the fact that that being a leader, having strong brands, will allow us to continue to compete effectively. But it is – there is a lot of competition, and we just have to continue to be disciplined, do the right things for our brands, support them through marketing and make sure that our pricing architecture is fair and supports the equity of those brands.
Scott Mushkin: Great. And then my follow-up question actually goes to the marketing side. As we seem to say, we see marketing maybe picking up, you guys say, you’re going to cut back a little bit on it. So I was just wondering if you could give us a specific example of like marketing that you’re going to like pull away that you think is ineffective? And would you actually be better off reallocating that to other things that you are – that you believe are more effective?
Mark Smucker: So I would – okay. So first of all, we are committed to doing marketing on all of the nine brands that we discussed. You should have seen both new advertising on Jif and Smucker in the market, or in the marketplace. And we feel very good about those and the ability of those to drive. top line. Where you would see that we will be pulling back is less so on media, it’s really on challenging ourselves on non-working marketing dollars to make sure that those spends are truly necessary. And so where we can drive efficiencies out, it’s in those areas that are what we would call non-working marketing dollars. But supporting the brands and stuff that you would see going to consumers, that’s what we’re committed to making sure it’s out in the public domain and we’re reaching our consumers. So those areas we need to protect.
Scott Mushkin: All right, guys. I appreciate it. Thanks for your thoughtful answers.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Rebecca Scheuneman with Morningstar. Please state your question.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Good morning. I was actually about to ask a very similar question that was just asked, now that we’re about a year into the step-up and marketing spend. And kind of along the same lines, I was wondering, you did mention that you’re – since you are pulling back on some marketing. I just was wondering if you have kind of looked at this and say, especially for some of your brands that are facing some secular headwinds. Are we may be better off instead of managing these brands for growth? Just trying to maximize cash flows, and if there’s any changes there?
Mark Smucker: We’re trying to stay focused, obviously, on the brands that we have. Recall that we recently made significant realignment to our portfolio by divesting the baking business. So we’re very comfortable with the brands that we have and they all need support. Some need more support than others. And so they’re not all created equal. But because of where we are, we are focused on these three categories and need to continue to support these brands. The type of marketing can differ. So you may see, for example, or you may probably have seen a brand like Cafe Bustelo, we do a lot of experiential marketing. We do pop-up cafes. We had a coffee shop in Houston for about, I think, it was about three months. And so those types of marketing are different. So it’s not always on air, television advertising, but there will be a lot more of that. Earlier in your question, you mentioned that we’re – I don’t know about a year in, well, yes, we’re a year into restructuring our marketing functions. But we’re at the very beginning of launching new creative work on all of these brands. So the way in which we’re communicating with consumer, making these brands relevant in today’s culture, that’s what’s changing. And you’ve only begun to see the beginnings of that. So look for a lot more of that over the next, call it, six months or so.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay, great. Thank you. That’s very helpful. My second question is actually on R&D investment. And so if I can look at the percentage of the sales you’ve got in the last few years from new brands, I think, it was about 7% in 2018 and then it fell to 5% in 2019. I know you’re expecting a big step up on that this year. But kind of, if I look at what Smucker spends on R&D at about 70 to 80 basis points of sales. It is lower than your peer set. And I’m wondering if that is something that you thought about maybe stepping up the R&D – level of R&D investment, as well as you have done with the marketing? Thank you.
Mark Belgya: So, Rebecca, this is Mark Belgya. We – obviously, as we go through our long range planning and our budget on an annual basis, we always give consideration to making sure that we’re appropriately supporting R&D and we’ll continue to see opportunities. But right now we feel the spend and the talent that we have with that is excellent. And I think just based upon some of the innovation we brought to market is probably the best evidence of that. In terms of the reference to, I think, what you were saying was basically sales that have come from new products, which we would define as over the last three years. That number peaks and valleys a little bit, if you think about a few years ago, when we launched Dunkin’ Donuts K-Cups the years that followed that had a bigger hit than a normalized year. So you’ve got to watch that a little bit. We think it is our innovation, a particular platform innovation we spoke to over the last year continues to flow into the market. You’ll see that percent of total sales represented by new products will increase maybe to more of the levels that you’re accustomed. But I just put a little cautionary tale out there, depending if you just take an absolute change.
Mark Smucker: Yes, I guess, Rebecca, this is Mark Smucker. I would just add that some of the development of new products, if you will, falls under our innovation team. So there are some costs that are in that space. In fact, we actually – my leadership team has a meeting later today to actually review innovation that is further out two to three years out. And so that is something that we do as a team. We involve marketing and R&D and everybody is in the room. So we feel good about our process. We know we have significant R&D facilities here on site in Orville, pilot plants for pet and coffee and some of our Consumer Foods businesses. So we’re pretty, I think, we’re – we feel that we’re in a good place and the process that we have in place is very disciplined and it’s working.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session for today. So now I’d like to hand the conference over to Mark Smucker to conclude the call.
Mark Smucker: So again, thank you all for listening in today. We appreciate you taking the time, given the fact that this quarter, clearly, we had a hiccup. We just want to reinforce our commitment to doing what’s right, remind the group that we really do manage our business year-over-year. And if you look at our annual performance, it has steadily improved over the last few years. And despite being disappointed with this quarter, we still feel very strongly that our strategy is right, as we’ve seen evidence that it’s working in multiple areas of our business, and just remaining committed to being transparent with you all and appreciate the support and the time that you’ve spent with us today. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference call today. Thank you for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-06-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company’s Fiscal 2019 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This conference call is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions-and-answers after the prepared remarks. Please limit yourself to two questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you have additional questions.  I will now turn the conference call over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning. And thank you for joining us for our fiscal 2019 fourth quarter earnings conference call. Mark Smucker, President and CEO; and Mark Belgya, Vice Chair and CFO, will provide our prepared comments. Also participating in the Q&A are Tina Floyd, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Foods; Dave Lemmon, President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks; and Joe Stanziano, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Coffee. During today’s call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning’s press release, which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally as detailed in the press release. We have posted a supplementary slide deck summarizing the quarterly results and fiscal 2020 full year outlook. The slides can be accessed on our website and will be archived there along with a replay of this call. If you have additional questions after today’s call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I want to begin with the progress we have made over the past fiscal year before moving to our fourth quarter results. Fiscal 2019 was another successful year for the company, as we executed against our three growth imperatives, leading in the best categories, building brands consumers love and being everywhere, and continued to undergo significant transformation aimed at better aligning our portfolio and products towards consumer trends and preferences, while positioning our company for sustainable long-term growth. This was done in several ways over the past year. First, we continued to reshape our portfolio including the successful acquisition and integration of Ainsworth Pet Nutrition, which achieved year-over-year sales growth of 20% and the divestiture of our U.S. baking business, allowing us to increase our focus and resources on higher growth categories. Second, our strengthened approach to innovation delivered $420 million of net sales from products launched in the last three years, including contributions from 1850 coffee and Jif Power Ups, as both platforms ranked in the top quartile of all food product launches this past year. Third, we improved our organization’s operating model by consolidating our geographic footprint, unlocking cost savings and significant capability enhancement as our teams are now more agile. Fourth, we implemented our Power of One marketing model, which aims to improve the quality of our consumer engagement and increase productivity, while yielding cost reductions that will fund new investments and future growth. Fifth, we achieved our cost management goals, including the first full year of our right spend program, which delivered $30 million of savings. And finally, we continued to take intentional steps in developing our people and culture, and are committed to fostering a unique environment where our employees can thrive and grow. It is through this execution against our strategy that we have laid the foundation for our long-term success. The desired results began coming to fruition in fiscal 2019, particularly through increased momentum in the back half of the year, as our financial results included, net sales growth of 7% to over $7.8 billion, adjusted EPS of $8.29, well exceeding our guidance range of $8 to $8.20, and free cash flow of $781 million, also above our most recent expectations of $700 million to $750 million, we increased our dividend by 8% and repaid over $800 million of debt during the fiscal year, while reinvesting in the business. Turning to our fourth quarter results, we continue to position our business for growth and execute on key priorities during the quarter and are pleased that we are beginning to see results from the initiatives and the investments we have made over the past few years. Net sales increased 7% compared to the prior year driven by the acquisition of Ainsworth. Excluding the acquisition, divestiture of the U.S. baking business and foreign exchange, net sales were in line with the prior year. Our growth brands grew 16% in the quarter led by Nutrish, Dunkin’ and Cafe Bustelo. Our leading and core brand sales declined slightly, primarily due to planned lower pricing for the Folgers brand corresponding with coffee commodity prices. Adjusted gross profit increased 7%, which provided fuel to reinvest in our brands through increased marketing. Total marketing spend was up $35 million compared to the fourth quarter of last year, reflecting the addition of Ainsworth and approximately $15 million of incremental support behind our coffee and snacking innovation. Adjusted earnings per share outperformed our expectations growing 8% driven by a lower tax rate. In addition, our earnings performance reflects contribution from the Ainsworth acquisition, achievement of acquisition synergies and cost reduction goals, including expense management through our right spend program, while continuing our commitment to increase investments in our brands. We continue to execute and build momentum with our three consumer centric growth imperatives that I mentioned earlier of leading in the best categories, building brands consumers love and being everywhere. I will share a few examples of how we are winning with this framework, beginning with leading in the best categories. In coffee, we are the category leader and have continued to grow our topline, despite operating in a deflationary environment. We grew net sales in the segment by 4% in the quarter, making this the sixth out of the seven last quarters with net sales growth. These results have been achieved through a balance of growth in our K-Cup portfolio, which is growing more than 2.5 times the category average, expansion of our market share across all segments and innovation. Dunkin’ and Cafe Bustelo were up double digits in the fourth quarter, achieving increased household penetration, with continued opportunities for further expansion. Further growth in our coffee business is expected in fiscal 2020, driven by the continued success of Dunkin’ and Cafe Bustelo, and upcoming launches of innovation with Dunkin’ Signature Series, 1850 Single Origins and Folgers Noir, all of which meet current consumer preferences and bring the coffee shop quality and experience into the home. Another key focus area where we continue to perform is in snacking. Our total snacking portfolio generated net sales growth of 12% during the quarter, driven by innovation from the Jif Power Ups platform, reaffirming that the Jif brand equity is resonating with consumers beyond core peanut butter. We continue to gain distribution on the initial Power Ups items and have expanded the platform with soft baked bars, stacked bars and a new flavor of creamy clusters that are all hitting store shelves this month. We will continue to support the platform with incremental marketing and with broad distribution in place we are excited about the upcoming back-to-school season. Uncrustables sales grew 5% at the total company level, as sales were limited by temporary manufacturing constraints. We remain confident in returning to double-digit growth rates later in fiscal 2020 as we open our new production facility in Longmont, Colorado. We expect to be producing sandwiches late this calendar year, which will put us in a solid position to achieve our goal of $500 million in annual sales within the next four years. Within Pet Foods, sales growth reflected strong contributions from the Ainsworth acquisition, notably the Nutrish brand and momentum for the Nutrish and Nature’s Recipe brands continued in the quarter with year-over-year sales growth of 20% and 9%, respectively, despite increased competitive noise for premium offerings within the mass channel. With line of sight to expand the distribution and innovation for the Nutrish brand, we remain confident in continued growth across all segments of dog, cat and treats. Turning to our strategic imperative of Building Brands Consumers Love, in October, we began implementing our new Power of One marketing model to better connect with consumers by aligning creative, data, media and technology resources, and we engaged a new agency partner to help develop bolder, breakthrough creative and strengthen our brand’s positioning in today’s culture. This new model will also result in significant cost savings that will be reinvested in brand building. We are excited about the brand refresh work underway and can’t wait to share new creative launching later this summer and early fall across our company’s largest brands. We remain committed to investing in marketing and innovation support as we begin the new fiscal year. This commitment to support our brands and new launches coupled with a more agile go-to-market approach is critical to accomplishing our financial goals, including anticipated high single-digit net sales growth over the next five years for the approximately $2 billion of sales associated with our growth brands. The third growth imperative is To Be Everywhere. How, where and when consumers shop and interact with our brands is more on-demand and multi-channel than ever before. Within our Away From Home business, our focus has always been on offering branded products that consumers desire while outside of the home. We are excited about the launch of 1850 coffee into the Away From Home channel and in Canada this year, which will provide additional growth opportunities for the brand and extend the reach of this newer platform. Within the e-commerce channel, we are advantaged as our largest categories of pet food and coffee are among the fastest growing online categories and are well-suited for the subscription model. In be fiscal 2019, our total e-commerce sales were up over 50%. The e-commerce channel now accounts for nearly 4% of total U.S. retail sales, with expectations to reach 5% next year. The Be Everywhere imperative also applies to white space opportunities at traditional retail. Initial shipments of our pet treats innovation are underway, primarily for the iconic Milk-Bone brand and in new fast growing treats segments. We continue to gain distribution across our portfolio through innovation and expansion into new channels. Before turning it over to Mark, here are a few thoughts we hope you take away from my comments. We continued reshaping our total portfolio for growth during the past year with the acquisition of Ainsworth and divestiture of U.S. baking business. We are focused in excellent categories with pet food, coffee and snacking. We have a strong portfolio of iconic brands that continue to win with consumers, evidenced by full year growth for Smucker’s, Jif, Dunkin’, Milk-Bone, Meow Mix and Nutrish. We have a comprehensive strategy for innovation and will drive growth via platforms like Jif Power Ups, 1850 coffee, as well as a full pipeline of launches this year, including Milk-Bone long lasting chews, Dunkin’ Signature Series and Folgers Noir coffee, and Smucker’s Mosaic Fruit Spreads and Beekeeper’s Promise Honey. We have made significant progress on our consumer focused framework and three growth imperatives designed to deliver on our long-term financial growth priorities. We are confident that executing our strategy positions us to achieve our financial goals for fiscal 2020 and beyond, including top and bottomline growth, while maintaining increased investments behind innovation and our brands. Specifically, guidance for fiscal 2020 includes, net sales growth of 1% to 2%, which factors in organic growth of more than 2%, adjusted earnings per share in the range of $8.45 to $8.65 and free cash flow of $875 million to $925 million, an increase of more than 10%. Finally, as always, I want to thank our employees for their effort this past year and their continued dedication as we move ahead. We recognize there is still more work to do as part of our company’s transformation and we will continue to adapt to industry changes and consumer preferences. I will now turn the call over to Mark Belgya.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin by providing further detail on the impairment noted in our press release this morning. In conjunction with our annual impairment review, our fourth quarter GAAP results included a non-cash charge of $98 million related to the full write-off of the goodwill of the Natural Foods business, which is included within our U.S. Retail Consumer Foods Reportable segment. The impairment was primarily driven by a reduction in our long-term net sales and profitability projections for the beverage and ancient grain categories reflecting our strategic focus on higher growth categories. Our long-term growth projection for the Consumer Foods Reportable segment remained unchanged due to anticipated growth of snacking platforms such as Uncrustables, Jif Power Ups, Sahale Snacks and Future Innovation. With that, let me now provide an overview of fourth quarter results and then provide details on our financial outlook for fiscal 2020. Net sales increased 7% driven by the acquisition of Ainsworth, which contributed $200 million in net sales, partially offset by $75 million of sales related to the divested baking business incurred in the prior year. Excluding the non-comparable transactions and FX, sales were flat to the prior year. This included a 1% headwind from the planned exit of certain business within the Pet Foods segment. Favorable volume/mix contributed 3% to the net sales growth and was offset by lower net price realization. Adjusted gross profit increased $47 million from the prior year due to the Ainsworth contribution. Excluding Ainsworth and the divested U.S. baking business, gross profit was comparable to the prior year as lower net price realization was mostly offset by volume/mix and favorable input costs. Adjusted operating income was also comparable to the prior year as SD&A expenses increased $46 million or 14% compared to 2018, primarily due to the acquisition. Within SD&A, marketing expense increased $35 million or 38% reflecting the addition of Ainsworth and support for recent product launches. Benefits from synergies and cost management programs including our right spend activities mostly offset incremental expenses related to the addition of Ainsworth as G&A costs increased 2%. Below operating income, interest expense increased $2 million driven by borrowing costs associated with the Ainsworth acquisition and overall higher interest rates. The adjusted effective income tax rate was lower than anticipated at 21.4% in the quarter and was the primary driver of net income growth. The favorability in the tax rate versus previous expectations was due to a greater than anticipated benefit from the restructuring of Ainsworth into our legal entity organization. Factoring all this in, fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share was $2.08, compared to $1.93 in 2018, an increase of 8%. Let me now turn to segment results, beginning with coffee. Net sales increased 4% compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily attributed to the Dunkin’ and Cafe Bustelo brands, which each delivered double-digit growth in both K-Cups and roast and ground formats. Sales of the Folgers brand including 1850 were down 3% from the prior year, as favorable contribution from volume/mix was more than offset by lower pricing executed through increased trade spend, as lower green coffee costs are being passed through to consumers. Coffee segment profit increased 10% reflecting the favorable volume/mix and the net benefit of price and cost which more than offset a 26% increase in marketing expense. In Consumer Foods, net sales decreased 15% reflecting divested U.S. baking business. Comparable net sales increased 1%, with both the Jif and Smucker’s brands up compared to the prior year. Net sales for Jif increased 4%, primarily reflecting the contribution from Power Ups snacks. The price decrease for peanut butter taken in the quarter had the intended benefit, driving a double-digit increase in volume/mix. Sales for the Smucker’s brand was driven by Uncrustables, which increased 6%. Declines in the R.W. Knudsen and Santa Cruz Organic brands accounted for a 2% headwind for the segment. Excluding the prior year profits from the divested U.S. baking business, segment profit declined over 20% due to the net impact of price and cost, expenses associated with the construction of the new Uncrustables facility and increased marketing support for Jif Power Ups. Turning to the Pet Foods segment, net sales increased 35%, reflecting the addition of Ainsworth. Excluding Ainsworth and the planned exit of certain private label offerings and the remaining discontinuation of Gravy Train wet dog food products, sales increased by 1%. Nutrish sales increased 20% compared to the prior year and continued gains in Meow Mix and Nature’s Recipe were offset by declines for Natural Balance and Pup-Peroni. Pet Food segment profit increased 29% compared to the prior year, driven by the profit contributions from Ainsworth. Excluding the acquisition, segment profit declined 5% due to the net impact of price and cost, and increased marketing, offset slightly by lower selling and distribution. Lastly, in the International and Away From Home segment, net sales declined 7% compared to the prior year. Volume/mix declines, most notably for Folgers, were partially offset by gains for Smucker’s and Uncrustables, and portion control products. Unfavorable foreign currency exchange of $4 million, lower net price realization and non-comparable sales from the prior year related to the divested baking business also contributed to the net sales decline. Segment profit decreased 10% as the impact of lower volume/mix, Longmont construction expense and foreign exchange were partially offset by decreased marketing. Fourth quarter free cash flow was $182 million, which represented a $21 million decline from the prior year. This reflects the decrease in cash provided by operating activities partially offset by a $19 million reduction in capital expenditures. CapEx for the quarter was $93 million, which resulted in total expenditures of $360 million for the year, representing 4.6% of net sales. We finished the year with a total debt balance of $5.9 billion and based on a trailing 12-month EBITDA of approximately $1.6 billion our leverage stands at 3.8 times.  Let me now provide additional color on our outlook for fiscal 2020. Net sales are anticipated to increase 1% to 2% reflecting a decline in the Consumer Foods segment due to the remaining impact of the baking divestiture, which contributed over $100 million to sales in the first four months of fiscal 2019. Excluding this impact, net sales are projected to increase more than 2% with growth across all three U.S. Retail segments. Innovation is expected to be key driver of fiscal 2020 net sales growth. Our growth brands are expected to achieve low double-digit growth driven primarily by Nutrish, Uncrustables and continuing contributions from 1850, Jif Power Ups and Milk-Bone long lasting chews. We expect gross profit margin to be slightly above fiscal 2019 results. Overall commodity costs are projected to be lower driven by peanuts and green coffee. These lower costs are already being reflected in lower pricing. In addition, continued cost saving projects will be offset by increased manufacturing expenses including startup expenses associated with the new Uncrustables facility. SD&A expenses are expected to be up compared to the prior year, increasing at a rate though below our forecasted net sales growth. As Mark stated, we remain committed to our investment in growing our brands as marketing spend will approximate 6.5% to 7% of net sales. We also expect to realize an incremental $30 million from acquisition synergies, a portion of which is captured in SD&A and a portion in cost of goods sold. Upon realizing the incremental synergies in fiscal 2020, we will be within a couple of million dollars of achieving our cumulative $55 million target, which is about one year ahead of schedule. Below operating income, we are planning $200 million to $210 million in interest expense in fiscal 2020, which for modeling purposes assume that we will refinance some portion of the $800 million of debt that is slated to mature during the fiscal year. We project our effective tax rate to range from 24.5% to 25%, a decline from the 25.5% in fiscal 2019. And lastly, our guidance reflects a weighted average share count of 114 million shares outstanding, which assumes no share repurchase during the year as we continue to focus on debt reduction. Beginning in fiscal 2020, we will modify our long-term incentive plans to move to a three-year EPS target and add ROIC as a new performance metric. Incremental compensation expense of approximately $4 million or $0.03 a share related to this prospective change associated with our long-term compensation plans is included in our guidance range. Taking all this into consideration, we expect EPS to grow -- to be in the range of $8.45 to $8.65. The earnings per share growth will be realized in the back half of the year, with the first half slightly below or equal to the prior year, as we lap four months of profit of $18 million and the $27 million gain realized on the sale of the baking business. We project free cash flow will increase double-digits to $875 million to $925 million with CapEx declining slightly, ranging $300 million to $320 million for the year. Capital expenditures will remain elevated versus our long-term target due to Longmont, expanding capacity for Jif Power Ups and roaster enhancements for the peanut butter and coffee operation. Other key assumptions affecting cash flow include depreciation and amortization expenses of approximately $215 million and $235 million, respectively, share-based compensation expense of $30 million, and lastly, one-time costs of $20 million, which are mostly cash related and associated with the Ainsworth acquisition. In closing, let me reiterate Mark’s opening comments, the actions we are taking to transform our company are enabling us to deliver against our financial priorities of growing our topline, achieving significant cost savings and setting the foundation to deliver earnings per share growth in line with our stated long-term objective. We are encouraged by the progress we made during this past fiscal year and will continue to deliver long-term growth and enhanced shareholder value. We thank you for your time this morning and we will now open the call up to your questions. Operator, if you would please queue up our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Driscoll of Citi Research. Please state your question.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, David.
Mark Belgya: Good morning.
David Driscoll: I had two questions for you. The first one was on the organic revenue guidance of 2% plus for the next fiscal year. If peanut butter pricing is down and that carries into ‘20, coffee pricing is down that carries into ‘20, it would seem like pricing for the entire company is down or at best flat in fiscal ‘20. So to achieve the organic sales number of 2% or better, it’s all volume related, 2 points of earning’s a lot. Can you first verify that this is correct? And then, second, can you guys just talk about the sources of volume growth, and Mark, I am particularly sensitive to your assessment on the risk here on this. It’s just a really important number and then I have a follow-up?
Mark Belgya: Hey, David. This is Mark Belgya. Thank you for your questions. So just a couple comments. First of all, everything that you suggested has been thoroughly considered as we put together our plan and thus our guidance for fiscal ‘20. So, you are right, the majority of that topline growth is going to be volume driven. I will direct you to the fact that you really need to look, although, we talked about our growth brands and our base brands, you really need to think about it from across portfolio perspective and we are delivering exactly what we are planning. Certainly the growth is going to come from the growth brands, a lot of it is innovation driven. But we have delivered consistently since we introduced that subject in October of double-digit growth in those brands. So we feel confident in that area. We feel also confident and you will see much more as we deliver on our new media later this summer and fall that we feel that the base business, which is important to drive that as well is, we can kind of deliver that as sort of that flat amount year-over-year and if you just do the math of that that’s 1.5% to 2% is achievable.
David Driscoll: Okay. And then the follow-up question just relates to Pet Snacks and the new product innovation. Can you tell us how much of a benefit was in the fourth quarter related to the shift in of the new Pet Snacks products? And then, do you expect incremental sales to be $100 million from the new Pet Snacks innovations and did you bring in shelf space or did some of these new products simply replace existing Smucker’s Pet Snacks brands?
Dave Lemmon: Yeah. David, this is Dave Lemmon. We feel really good about our innovation and progress against the $100 million. The $100 million, I will -- just to frame it in, it’s a full year run rate, so -- which is important to note. So it won’t all come next fiscal or this fiscal, we have secured our expected PODs that I spoke of on the last call, that’s about 3% incremental. The timing, however, was shifted due to retailer mod sets us, I also spoke to on the last call and it -- they were shifted from early in Q4 to later in Q4 or we are starting to learn now even summer still sort of extending out into Q1. Our innovation was across our portfolio, I would remind you, so it’s not just on Pet Snacks. It’s anchored in treats across Milk-Bone, Nature’s Recipe and Nutrish, but we have a lot of innovation coming behind our food brands, Nutrish, Nature’s Recipe, Kibbles ‘n Bits and cat. We still have yet to come and it will launch in June, July period of this fiscal.
David Driscoll: All right. Thanks, guys. I will pass it along. Nice progress.
Mark Smucker: Thanks, Dave.
Mark Belgya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of J.P. Morgan. Please state your question.
Ken Goldman: My first question is on the Pet business in general. I think it’s fair to say both the legacy business and Ainsworth came in below street expectations. I am just curious how they performed versus your own internal forecasts? And I really think some of the softness was unexpected given with management’s recent tone about this business. You did highlight increased competitive noise within Pet, was competition just greater than you expected, I just wanted to get a general sense of what’s happening in this business or what happened in the fourth quarter?
Mark Smucker: Ken, it’s Mark Smucker. Thanks for the question. So let me just back up a little bit and just to frame in the Pet category. I would just point to the fact that this combination of Ainsworth and our existing Pet business is an incredibly powerful one. Just in the sense of really being able to meet consumer needs across the entire portfolio and that is also an opportunity for us to meet customer needs. So given that we have such a broad portfolio and the Pet category itself is such a broad and both wide and deep category, we just feel incredibly optimistic about our ability to continue to win in Pet. I would say also that there is going to be noise. Clearly, there’s competition, but because the breadth of the category, there is plenty of room for all of these brands to play and even as you look at across some of the competitive activity that we have all been focused on this last quarter, as we have seen some of that new product come into the market, we have fared much better than rest of market in terms of maintaining our shelf presence. And so just overall, we just continue to feel very, very confident, obviously, Ainsworth continues to grow at high, around 20% with Nutrish, so we had double-digit growth there. And then if you look at the last two quarters, as you back out the noise and the acquisitions of both some of the planned exits, the Pet business grew in aggregate for the year and the fourth quarter. So we don’t really see any reason to be pessimistic about the business. We think it’s got an incredible amount of potential.
Ken Goldman: That’s helpful. But I guess I will direct my follow-up to your answer. I don’t disagree with you at all. I think that everyone thinks that there’s a lot of possibility with Pet and that you have built up a higher end business that is going to work or at least most people feel that way. But my question was really about the fourth quarter and what happened and you did mention there’s always noise. So I just wanted to get a better sense of which brands disappointed you versus your expectations and why that happened, not because I am skeptical of the business as a whole, but just because I want to get a better understanding of what the particulars were, if I could.
Dave Lemmon: Yeah. This is Dave Lemmon, Ken. And I would just say that it’s all timing related, as we planned out our fourth quarter originally, we had thought that we would get all of this innovation, this new white space on the Nutrish brand contributing to our sales in the fourth quarter and that really has shifted to the last month of the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. So really that’s the primary reason for the step down, I would say, in guidance with regard to [inaudible]…
Ken Goldman: Okay.
Dave Lemmon: …and our business.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you so much. That’s helpful.
Dave Lemmon: Thanks, Ken.
Mark Smucker: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please state your question. 
Andrew Lazar: I would say the guidance range for EPS growth in fiscal ‘20 is a bit wider, I think, when you provided the preliminary range at CAGNY which admittedly was early and so maybe it’s just splitting hairs. But I am curious if there’s any broader message there in the range of 2% to 4% growth versus, I think, what was 3% to 4% at CAGNY.
Mark Belgya: Hey, Andrew. It’s Mark Belgya. Thanks for the question. The -- no, the answer is there’s no underlying. Typically we do give a guidance range that’s sort of that, I will call it, $0.20 or a couple percentage points of EPS. We -- as we always plan, we consider what could be the upside and the downside to give the investor some sense. Obviously, the downside is going to be there’s still some uncertainty around the tariffs world and some other costs that could happen and then on the upside, obviously, if this -- if innovation takes off even stronger. But we feel pretty good about the middle of the range which is about the 3%. I think the other thing I’d want to remind everyone is we are building off a much stronger ‘19 finish, so at the end of the day, EPS wise we are much higher than we thought we were going to be in February. So -- but long answer to your question, no fundamental difference from what we said at CAGNY.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Thanks for that. And then, perhaps, maybe you can just give even just a broader or directional view around how we should think about the sort of individual segments as we think about the year around sort of sales and profitability. I think you gave a little bit of that for Coffee, but just as you report your segments, whatever you can provide on that front would be really helpful? Thanks. 
Mark Belgya: Okay. It’s Mark again. So I will probably not, well, I am not going to give specific percentages, but let me just sort of systematically talk about kind of where cost and where we see. So in Coffee, as I said in my scripted comments, we continue to see green coffee in a good position. We have passed that through the pricing, but that has benefited. And so, profitability there will sort of continue to be good growth. In Dave’s business, certainly, we get some benefits from the synergies. You will recall last year when we bought the APN business we had an opening balance sheet charge that we took that obviously is non-recurring, so that will add and then just sort of normal in some of the base business earnings growth that we typically talked about. A couple pricing and then, again, I said the synergies, most of the synergies do direct themselves through Dave’s business a little bit the rest of the company. And then in Tina’s area, she’s probably the one that’s got the muddy most, because you obviously have to adjust for the segment profit. But we are going to be negatively impacted as we said last quarter by the net price cost associated with peanut butter. And again, as I said, I think, in my comments, we really did get the delivery out of the volume. We had double-digit growth in peanut butter. So -- but we are going to see a cost hit particularly in the first half of the year on that and then the Longmont startup. Again, what I would -- I’d estimated about a $0.15 hit to call it $20 million or so and that really just has to do with the fact that we have a plant that’s basically up but won’t start putting volume out until later in the calendar year, so a lot of under absorbed overhead. So if you sort of start with what we had said publicly and then kind of put the puts and takes based on that conversation that might help you get directionally to the right place.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please state your question. 
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Chris. 
Chris Growe: Hi. I just wanted to ask a question in relation to, you discussed, I think, it was at CAGNY about an incremental marketing behind the business, not just this year, but for the next few years and that could be a bit of a weight on your EBIT growth. Is that something that is sort of built into the plan, is that reflecting a lot of the white space you have been discussing, some of the new products, is that rate of spending kind of built in the model for fiscal ‘20 is my question?
Mark Smucker: Yeah. Chris, it’s Mark Smucker. So, yes, and as you know, we have already stepped up marketing and so we have talked really in terms of percent of net sales, we talked about a range of 6% to 8%. We ended the year around 7% and we are targeting 6.5% to 7% next year. So essentially I would think about it as we are maintaining that step up in marketing, which is obviously significantly more than where we had been a few years ago. I think the other key point to remember is just, again, going back to these three growth imperatives, we really feel like they are working. Considering that we have seen, again, backing out the noise in -- on sort of an apples-to-apples basis, we saw growth in all three of our U.S. Retail businesses during the quarter, all three of the U.S. Retail businesses grew for the full year and so that is obviously giving us some confidence. And so if you think about just the totality of our portfolio and the fact that, again, that we play in very broadly in these categories. That -- and that we understand the categories and how these brands fit together and how we can leverage the combination of those brands, that really cohesive whole gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to continue that growth. It gives us confidence that our strategy is right that really investing in marketing and ensuring that we have the absolute best creative out there, which you guys will start to see in the next three to four months. And then, again, filling the white space in terms of being everywhere, we just feel that there’s enough opportunity out there for us to continue to compete and win. So I think that’s really what gives us the confidence going forward.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for that. I had a more specific question around Pet and Natural Balance there was a comment about pricing being down for that brand. I am curious how that brand performed, and then maybe more broadly how the Pet Specialty channel performed, given the strength you have had in Nutrish and measured channels. I am just curious how that channel and that brand performed?
Mark Belgya: Yeah. Natural Balance, as I said on previous calls, we are not happy with the performance on Natural Balance. It was down 8% for the quarter, which is pretty much consistent for the year. We will continue to be consumer led brand and as such we will continue to have it sold through Pet Specialty and e-com channels, and I think, our portfolio allows us to do exactly that.  And as I have also said, we are retooling with a new strategy behind the brand that will be launching this fiscal. The main elements of that being the re-launch of Ultra, which has happened at the tail end of last month. The refocus on e-com, building out our capability in that area, which Mark spoke to in his opening remarks. We have a new brand communication strategy that you will see coming later in the year and we are focused on in-store, a program that focuses on regaining in-store recommendations in the independent trade and then promotion programs that bring the focus to the brand such as our 30th year anniversary and the re0launch of Ultra and LID.
Chris Growe: Okay. Great. I appreciate your time. Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Going into the call, the risks I thought that were maybe the biggest for fiscal ‘20 would be you have a falling commodity cost environment for coffee, so there’s a risk that private label might cut price from here. And then, secondly, I thought that your competitors in Pet Food in mainstream had raised price and that you had followed. And I thought that that might be a risk because we have seen mainstream prices roll back, especially in an environment like this where they are losing distribution. So would you highlight those two, would you think that’s correct, first of all, and then, secondly, maybe you could talk more about why pricing for Pet was neutral in the quarter after you had announced some price increases earlier? Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Thanks, Rob. It’s Mark Smucker. I am just going to start and then Mark Belgya’s going to speak to a little bit about the Pet question. But just specifically on coffee. Coffee prices you said have been coming down. I would change that to say coffee prices have been down and they have been at 30-year lows for 12 months. So because there’s been a relative amount of stability in coffee pricing at a relatively low levels, we view that the go-forward on coffee is basically the same. It’s status quo. And even of late you have seen some coffee pricing increase and at least in the commodity, but that has really been some volatility in terms of we -- what we have seen is some short covering and just the U.S. weather has actually impacted some of those prices. So we are in a period of time between harvests on coffee. So I wouldn’t read too much into the market. I think the key message is coffee pricing has been consistently low and so we expect more or less the status quo going forward.
Mark Belgya: Hey, Rob. It’s Mark Belgya. I guess before just specific on to Pet pricing, what I would say is that, in our topline guidance we obviously for all the factors you mentioned on the call. We factored in the coffee and the peanut butter and the Pet, and it’s not a dramatic impact one way or the other for the reasons we said. But in terms of Pet, we are going to see a benefit that’s going to be more reflected in fiscal ‘20 than we saw, we certainly moved on price, but we are going to see the benefit as we move forward. I think we called out time and time again. We are not the lead in Pet. We follow. But we have factored in the chances or likelihood that there would need to be some sort of adjustment and we feel pretty comfortable with the pricing effect that will reflect in our topline growth for Pet in ‘20.
Robert Moskow: Is Pet going to grow faster than the 2% for the overall company?
Mark Belgya: Yes.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please state your question. 
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thanks for…
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Jason English: Thanks for slotting me in. I guess, I want to come back to Pet real quick, a couple quick questions on that one. First, profitability of Ainsworth, it’s had a nice sort of healthy ramp throughout the year as we decompose the contribution on sales and EBIT. What’s driven that, is it sustainable in this exit rate of roughly 17% EBIT margins, is it reasonable to underwrite that going forward?
Mark Belgya: Hey, Jason. It’s Mark Belgya. You are right. We have seen growth. I think, Dave, actually, had called that out in Q2 a year ago. But what we are seeing is that obviously as Nutrish grows and just when you look at the APN portfolio, it’s a higher profitability, so it’s a mixed play there. We are getting synergies as I said just a little while ago. We got $30 million of APN synergies coming. Those are mostly going to flow through Pet, obviously, APN. So we do think that that’s going to continue and then, I think, just as we continue to just look at our footprint, maybe, Dave, you can comment on this, but just a greater Pet from a cost management perspective should add to that.
Dave Lemmon: Yeah. I agree totally.
Jason English: Well, flipping to the base business, it was -- the profitability’s been a bit less robust and it looks you like margins have fallen further again this year. I think you finished this quarter, what base profitability down 5% and down around 6% for the year on Pet. Can you enlighten us what are some of the drivers are there as we look out to ‘19 and it probably relates to your answer to the last question of pricing coming in. What should we expect for base profitability there?
Dave Lemmon: Yeah. I would -- this is Dave Lemmon here, Jason. And I would say that we saw cost increase from last fiscal and we priced for that accordingly and we will see our sort of margin expansion on our business as we move into Q1 and through Q -- through fiscal year ‘20.
Jason English: And any reason to be concerned about rising protein costs that we are seeing more holistically, I know feeds in the Pet industry is a little bit unique. Maybe you can just touch on what you are seeing there?
Dave Lemmon: I would just say that we have a lot of levers that we pull to manage margin on the business. One of them is pricing, but the others being aggressive cost, takeout programs, synergy capture that Mark spoke to, et cetera. So we feel really good about our plan next year and feel confident in our ability to deliver.
Mark Smucker: Yeah. Jason, it’s Mark again. I do bring it back to just the strategy and the combination of the brands in the portfolio, just putting us in a strong position to continue to be partners with our customers, obviously, bring insights to the category, and ultimately, drive aggregate growth for our business and support the category. Now I mentioned earlier that we fared very well in some of the recent resets in terms of maintaining shelf presence and so that just, obviously, is another little feather in our cap that we point to to give us confidence that our total aggregate strategy is working.
Jason English: Good stuff. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Please state your question. 
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thank you. So just broadly on the promotional side, maybe Mark -- Mark and Mark, you could comment on just current view, state of promotional activity kind of within U.S. Food. We have seen other larger companies so far this year step in a bit, some haven’t. It seems like its category dependent, obviously, dependent on private label pricing, coffee and maybe less so on Pet. We have seen you step in a bit more into the promotional side. So while we understand coffee costs have been lower, like you said, over a long period of time, we are also seeing your promotional activity increase a bit more than it has been over time, while coffee costs have remained low. So, just trying to get a kind of general idea as to activity all-in within the categories that you play? Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Hey, Rob. It’s Mark Smucker. I think quite frankly the promotional activity’s been very normal. I mean, it’s been very -- pretty typical. The way that we have been interacting with our customers, whether that be in all of the channels has been relatively positive. We have very strong relationships with our customers, obviously, as I mentioned in the last question, we bring a lot of know-how and insights to the categories and we just have not seen anything out of the ordinary, I -- again, I would say that the environment is pretty typical as it has been over the past few quarters.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Perfect. And then, just with respect to Pet one last one. I know there have been a lot of questions on Pet so far. But very simplistically we did see, let’s say, a little bit of share loss relative to the category and other players within FDM, not much, just a little bit, but you are still growing within tracked channels, right? So it’s not as if we were seeing that decline that you posted on the volume side and reported. So I know you kind of already walked through the drivers of those and say what we -- some innovation has been pushed, but maybe if we could just revisit it to say, well, you are still growing at least from what we can all see in the retail data, maybe slightly lower rate, but not that much lower. And then you have also stepped into the Pet specialty channel and it seems like you might be exiting still some of the private label product. So I am just trying to right-size why are we seeing some growth in tracked and then reported or not, it leads me to think of shipments going into next year were delayed, but is there an inventory reduction on some products, what have you? That’s it. Thanks.
Dave Lemmon: Yeah. I’d just say our strategy is playing out. This is Dave Lemmon by the way, Rob. Our strategy is playing out. We had strong momentum in the fourth quarter and for the year. Fourth quarter was up 20% on Nutrish. I assume you are speaking specifically to Nutrish and for the year we were up 25%. And in terms of maintaining our momentum and what’s giving us confidence is we have all the innovation that we have just brought to market. We have incremental innovation that we will bring to market this fiscal. So that’s one positive thing. And the second is that we have closed a number of areas of white space that you referenced and we will see the full year wrap or full year benefit associated with that moving forward.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Super. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pamela Kaufman of Morgan Stanley. Please state your question. 
Pamela Kaufman: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you can elaborate on the cadence of your innovation launches in fiscal 2020 and I guess what do you expect the topline contribution to be from innovation across all categories. I know you quantified the run rate for Pet but was wondering if you can provide something similar for all of your categories?
Mark Belgya: Yeah. This is Mark Belgya. We really won’t. I mean I had it in my scripted comments. We are introducing -- we have talked through sort of the litany of the areas both on the call and at CAGNY and so forth. They will just continue to launch here in the fiscal. The topline, as I said, is being driven by innovation, so you can sort of suspect as you see quarter-to-quarter growth that will be mostly of the innovation, whether it’s Power Ups, 1850, things coming in in Dave’s area, Dunkin’, throughout the course of the years. Unlike last year, where we were more specific to say 1850 and Power Ups was very early on in the fiscal and Pet was in the latter part, we are not really bifurcating our innovation that way.
Pamela Kaufman: Okay. And then you have said that you haven’t really seen any impact from Blue Buffalo’s expansion into Walmart. But was wondering if there’s any change in your view on that competitive dynamic?
Mark Smucker: No. Pamela, this is Mark Smucker again. I think as we said, we -- again, the category is very broad. It is a huge category. It’s growing significantly and given where all of our brands play we feel pretty confident about everybody. There’s room for us. There’s room for them. We continue to compete in sort of different pricing tiers. And again, I think, just the breadth of our brands and the strength of our position in the category is going to allow us to continue to compete effectively. There will always be noise. But I quite frankly, I think, we obviously remain confident in our strategy and our ability to continue to grow our Pet business.
Pamela Kaufman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo. Please state your question. 
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Maybe just one more for Dave on Pet, if we look at Nutrish, dig into some of the flanker brands, the Just Six, Zero Grain, The Dish, I mean, those are 20%, 25% of the Nutrish portfolio in measured channels. And the sales have been down, double digits consistently going back to late 2017. So, I mean, can you just help square that, what’s driving those declines in those flanker brands and I guess tying it back to the questions on competition, what’s the read across for Nutrish’s capacity to maybe expand outward from that core over time? Thank you.
Dave Lemmon: I would say that -- John, this is Dave Lemmon. We manage Nutrish as a brand, as a portfolio within the brand and it’s -- what is it doing in total. In total we had a great year on Nutrish, grew 25% and we expect that momentum to continue. Again, we closed a number of white space opportunities. That will extend the brand both in cat and treats and strengthen the portfolio in dog. Our innovation across dog, cat and treats is just coming to market and we are going to bolster that brand with additional innovation in the years or the -- in the months ahead. And finally, I would say that, we are just -- we are going to be stepping up our marketing behind Nutrish next year to support the brand moving forward.
John Baumgartner: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please state your question. 
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone. I am…
Mark Smucker: Good morning. 
Alexia Howard: You have got some guidance on the topline for next year that’s a little bit better than we have seen other companies and maybe a little bit better than you have seen yourselves in recent years. And you talked about the stepping up in the pace of innovation. I assume that that means incremental SKUs and also the idea of being everywhere, I think, that means incremental points of distribution. How do you make sure that you don’t proliferate the SKUs or point of distribution to the point where your velocity is starting to be hit on average and you are not really making money on some of those extra pushes on the distribution and the innovation front? I am just curious to hear about what your processes and criteria are for how you maintain discipline around both of those dimensions over time? Thank you and I will pass it on.
Mark Belgya: Hi, Alexia. It was a little grainy, but I think you were asking about the volume growth, make sure we are not proliferating SKUs. Let me just start and where appropriate, I will ask the business leads to dive in. So I think it’s important that you step back couple years ago when we started this shift in our innovation thinking and we brought this concept around platform innovation, which was a change from our historic, what I will call loosely line extension. I think under a line extension approach, I could see where you would have a concern around SKU proliferation, because you are just swapping out one flavor of jelly for another. Our platform is built upon the fact that you are going to have multiple facets of category offerings within that platform. So, maybe I will ask Tina to maybe just go a dive deeper as to what she’s bringing as a best example of what a platform does that should show you there really isn’t SKU proliferation.
Tina Floyd: Yeah. This is Tina. Again, just commenting on Mark’s comments, if you take a look at our snacking portfolio with Jif Power Ups, for example, snacking’s a brand new category for us. So we are finding our space within that category and continuing to grow. We are expanding the platform in this fiscal year by adding new items such as stacked bars and soft baked bars. So we are going to continue to see those platforms grow as we look throughout the balance of the year.
Mark Smucker: Yeah. Alexia, this is Mark Smucker. I would just add, again, as category leaders, we have a responsibility to continue to manage our portfolio in totality and that includes as we have conversations with our retail customers, we proactively will prune our own portfolio, I mean, that’s part of being a responsible partner with our customers. So just in a leadership position, we have got to do that, we have -- we always are looking at our portfolio and how we can best maximize category growth, category profitability, both for our customers and for us, and then just maximize our own growth. So we are focused on it and we continue to manage it proactively throughout the year.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rebecca Scheuneman of Morningstar. Please state your question.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Good morning. So this question was touched on a little bit earlier but I think I will come about it maybe more directly. We are starting to see higher protein prices and it’s expected to continue and possibly accelerate given what’s happening in China. And I was just wondering if you are already starting to see increase in your raw material costs there and also are you seeing any competitors starting to push through price increases, and if not, do you expect to see that?
Mark Belgya: Hi, Rebecca. This is Mark Belgya. I would say that, our guidance reflects our best perspective of our cost structure. I think you are aware that we have a fairly detailed hedging program across the majority of our commodity products, so we have a good look at and we will, obviously, being monitoring the market as things transpire. But right now we feel comfortable with our guidance range that at least where cost is today we have addressed them.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay. Thanks. And my last question is on 1850. I believe it was last quarter you had mentioned that while repurchases were coming in a little better than expected, trial was a little bit weaker than what you were looking for and you were going to tweak some marketing. I was just looking for an update on how that brand is progressing and if it’s meeting your objectives?
Joe Stanziano: Hi, Rebecca. This is Joe. Yeah. That’s correct. We did say that and happy to report we did. We put a little more focus on trial. We did up that as we ended this fiscal year and going to next year. As Mark mentioned in the script, we are very pleased with year one. The number one new coffee item in the category in the top quartile, I think, number 11 in total new food and beverage launches. So we are very pleased and we are looking for another solid year or two as we start fiscal ‘20.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference call back to management to conclude.
Mark Smucker: Thank you all for joining us today. This is Mark Smucker. Just to reinforce, obviously, our growth imperatives are really where we are focused, being in great categories that are growing. They are up 25% over the last several years in aggregate. So clearly we feel that we are in the right categories and the breadth of where we play is very strong. And then, again, focusing on building our brands, leveraging our new agency relationship and the agile capabilities we have built, and finally, making sure that our brands are present everywhere that the consumer wants them. So we feel very encouraged by the last couple quarters. We are seeing growth across all of our key businesses and we -- this is a strategy that we are committed to and that we have confidence we will continue to build sustainable long-term growth and so that’s where we will continue to focus over the next couple years. So thank you for your support. Thank you for listening in. Thank you to our incredibly dedicated employees that have really made all of this possible and have a good day and weekend. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-02-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2019 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers after the prepared remarks. Please limit yourself to two questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you have additional questions. I will now turn the conference call over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning. And thank you for joining us for our fiscal 2019 third quarter earnings conference call. Mark Smucker, President and CEO; and Mark Belgya, Vice Chair and CFO will provide our prepared comments. Also participating in the Q&A are Tina Floyd, Senior Vice President and General Manager Consumer Foods; Dave Lemmon, President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks; and Joe Stanziano, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Coffee. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the Company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning's press release, which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the Company uses non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally as detailed in the press release. We have posted to our website a supplementary slide deck, summarizing the quarterly results and fiscal 2019 full year outlook. The slides can be accessed through the link to the webcast of this call, and will be archived on our website along with the replay of this call. If you have additional question to ask after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over the Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. It was great to see many of you, last week at CAGNEY. And we appreciated the opportunity to provide an update on our strategy and preliminary thoughts on fiscal 2020 financial guidance. Our outlook across the businesses reinforces why we remain excited about the long term prospects for delivering on our three key financial priorities of top line growth, prudent cost management and delivering earnings per share growth. Our efforts to position our business for growth and execute on our priorities continued to pay off this quarter. We achieved year-over-year sales and gross margin growth ahead of our projections and adjusted earnings per share came in better than our expectations through favorable as SD&A. Overall, we are very pleased with the third quarter results and the momentum we are starting to build to advance our consumer centric strategy. We delivered strong sales performance for our growth brands, which increased 17% in the quarter. We also achieved strong growth for some of our leading brands. Our core brands demonstrating our ability to increase sales for both core and growth brand. Multiple brands in our pet business achieved double digit sales growth including Rachael Ray Nutrish, Meow Mix, Kibbles 'n Bitsbit and Nature's Recipe. Further, Smucker's Uncrustables and Sahale Snacksso also realized double digit sales grow, while Dunkin Coffee achieved 9% sales growth including strong performance across premium bag and the recently launched canister offerings. Notably, Folgers within the U.S. retail coffee segment was flat in the quarter. Collectively, the gains were partially offset by weakness for Folgers in the International Away From Home business, Natural Balance and declines related to the planned exit of certain private label pet food and Gravy Train, wet dog food products. Excluding the Ainsworth acquisition, and prior year net sales attributed to the divested baking business, organic net sales increased 1% compared to the prior year. Our adjusted earnings per share performance reflects net sales grow, gross margin improvement, achievement of acquisition synergies, and the benefit of consolidating certain geographic locations. Additionally, marketing spend was below our initial expectations because certain expenses shifted to the fourth quarter as delayed retailer shelf resets slowed some innovation launches and related support. But despite this shift, marketing span was up over $30 million compared to the prior year, reflecting the addition of Ainsworth and innovation support for the base businesses. With growth in a number of areas contributing to our third quarter results, we continue to make progress on our three consumer centric growth imperatives of leading in the best categories, building brands consumers love and being everywhere. I'll share a few examples of how we are executing against this framework beginning with leading in the best categories. U.S. Retail Coffee segment sales growth was driven by the premium Dunkin and 1850 brands. Our total K-Cup sales continue to outpace the category with net sales up 4% in the third quarter. The 1850 brand coffee continues to perform with repeat rates exceeding our initial projections and a 75% ACV. We are increasing emphasis on consumer trial through continued brand support. Last week, we announced two new single origin varieties to complement the current 1850 lineup. And we remain confident and continued growth for the platform, which leverages the heritage and authenticity of the Folgers brand to attract new consumers. We are also strengthening the Folgers brand with the upcoming launch of a new line of dark roast coffee under the [indiscernible] platform filling in the canister segment for dark roast varieties. Sales growth within our Pet Food segment reflected contributions from the Ainsworth acquisition. Momentum for the Nutrish and Nature's Recipe brands continued in the quarter with year-over-year sales growth of 23% and 11% respectively, despite increased competitive activity. Initial shipment of our pet treats innovation primarily for the Milk-Bone and Nutrish brands began late in the third quarter. And we remain on track to achieve 3% to 4% incremental new points of distribution for the total pet business. Finally, in the Pet segment, due to sustain input costs inflation, we successfully implemented a price increase across our pet food portfolio effective this month. Turning to our strategic imperative of building brands consumers love. We are following through on our commitment to increase marketing investments to support our innovation and growth brands. As I mentioned in the third quarter, our marketing expense increased over $30 million compared to the prior year. A higher level of marketing and innovation support coupled with a more agile go-to-market approach is critical to achieving an anticipated high single digit net sales increase for growth brands over the next five years. Combined net sales for growth brands are projected to increase 18% for the full 2019 fiscal year. We will also continue to invest in core brands to achieve our net sales growth target. As we highlighted at the CAGNEY conference last week, with updated marketing behind the mature Meow Mix brand, consumption increased over 4% since the campaign launch and net sales were up 10% in the third quarter. The third growth imperative we are focused on is to be everywhere. How, where, and when consumers shop is more than ever on-demand and multi-channel. We think about both traditional and new retail channels as a single ecosystem where our brands must stay current and breakthrough among increasing choices for consumers. Within the e-commerce channel, we have a strategic advantage by participating in fast growing online categories. We continue to achieve very strong e-commerce growth in both coffee and pet food as our brands continue to keep pace with or exceed their respective categories online growth. Within our Away From Home business, our focus is on branded offerings within these channels. For example, the upcoming launch of 1850 coffee and Foodservice channels further supports our intend to be everywhere having our brands available wherever consumer shop, eat or grab something on the go. Also, with the launch of Jif portion control offerings, consumers will now be able to enjoy the number one peanut butter brand in lodging and restaurants. Finally, with respect to being everywhere, we are increasing consumer engagement through digital platforms in addition to traditional channels. Our digital efforts have been instrumental and connecting with consumers for and 1850 and Jif Power Ups. In closing, we have a strong brand portfolio and are committed to maintaining investment particularly in marketing to deliver growth and strengthen our brands connection with consumers. The components of our strategy are coming together as thoughtful cost management, reinvestment in the business, reorganized commercial functions, including sales and marketing, and strong execution have created momentum for growth and increasing shareholder value. None of this would be possible without our great team of dedicated employees to execute this strategy. And I would like to thank all of them for their continued effort. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Let me begin by providing further detail on the impairment noted our press release this morning. Our third quarter GAAP results included a non-cash charge of $107 million attributable to certain indefinite live trademarks within the Pet Food segment. This reflects a strategic shift for certain brands from the Big Heart pet brands acquisition, resolving a reduction of their long term sales forecast. Our long term organic growth projection for the overall pet business remains unchanged in part due to the anticipated growth related to Rachael Ray Nutrish and innovation across the portfolio. With that, let me now provide an overview of third quarter results. I will then conclude with an update on our full your outlook. Adjusted EPS was $2.26 compared to $2.50 in 2018. There were several factors that affect comparability to the prior year's results, which I will note as I provide additional details on the quarter. Net sales increased 6% driven by the acquisition of Ainsworth. Excluding Ainsworth and the impact from the U.S. baking divestiture, net sales increased $40 million or 1%. Favorable volume mix in coffee and consumer foods offset a $5 million foreign exchange headwind during the quarter and net price realization was neutral. Adjusted gross margin expanded to 38.6%, increasing 20 basis points compared to the prior year, and a sequential improvement of 40 basis points over the prior quarter. Excluding Ainsworth, which impacted gross margin by 50 basis points and the margin benefit divesting the baking business, the gross profit improvement was the result of favorable volume mix and lower cost. SD&A increased $43 million, or 13%, compared to 2018. Marketing expenses increased $31 million or 31%, reflecting the addition of Ainsworth and support for recent product launches. General and administrative expenses increased $5 million or 5%, reflecting the addition of Ainsworth, mostly offset by synergies and cost management benefits. Factoring in all of this, adjusted operating income increased $5 million or 1% compared to the prior year. Below operating income, interest expense increased $9 million, driven by borrowing costs associated with the Ainsworth acquisition. A $4 million increase in other expense was driven by pension settlement and increase legal expense. The adjusted effective income tax rate was 25.8% in the quarter. Let me now turn to segments results beginning with Coffee. Net sales increased 2% compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily attributed to the Dunkin brand, driven by roast and ground, both bag and canister formats. Sales for the Folgers brand inclusive of 1850 were unchanged from the prior year. Its higher volume mix was offset by lower pricing to increase trade spend, as lower green coffee costs are being passed through to consumers. Coffee segment's profit increased 1%, reflecting the favorable volume mix and the net benefit of price and cost, which more than offset of 47% increase in marketing expense. In Consumer Foods, net sales increased 4% excluding the non-comparable sales related to divested U.S. baking business with both Jif and Smucker's up compared to the prior year. Sales for the Smucker's brand was driven by Uncrustables, which increased 12% more than offsetting declines in Fruit Spreads. Net sales for Jif increased 5%, reflecting the contribution from Power-Ups and volume mix gains in peanut butter. Sahale Snacks sales increased 63%, driven by gains in volume mix and favorable net pricing. Segment profit decreased 21% in the quarter, excluding the prior year profits from the U.S. baking business, segment profit decline 6% due to increased marketing on Jif Power-Ups and cost associated with the construction of the new Uncrustables facility. Turning to the Pet Food segment. Net sales increased 35%, reflecting the addition of Ainsworth. Excluding Ainsworth, net sales were flat to the prior year, although the plant exit of certain private label offerings and the plant discontinuation of Gravy Train wet dog food products impacted sales by 3% or $19 million. Nutrish sales increased 23% compared to the prior year with robots growth across all segments at dog food, cat food and snacks. Gains in Meow Mix and Kibbles 'n Bits were partially offset by declines for Natural Balance in Milo's kitchen. The decline in Natural Balance reflect ongoing softness in the Pet specialty channel, which is not being offset by growth in e-commerce. Pet Food segment property increased 26% compared to the prior year, again driven by the profit contribution from Ainsworth. Excluding Ainsworth, segment profit was flat compared to the prior year. And lastly in the International Way From Home segment, net sales declined 6% compared to the prior year. Volume mix declines most notably for Folgers and Crisco were partially offset by growth for Smucker's Uncrustables and portion control products. Unfavorable FX, lower net price realization and non-comparable sales in the prior year from the divested baking business also contributed sales decline. Segment profit decreased 2%, as the impact of reduced volume mix and foreign exchange were partially offset by decreased marketing expense and the net benefits of lower pricing cost. Third quarter free cash flow was $333 million. This represented a $56 million decrease compared to the prior year, reflecting reduced benefits from working capital improvements, primarily driven by inventory. During the quarter, we repaid $300 million of long term debt, while increasing our short term borrowings by $114 million. This resulted in a net debt reduction of $186 million and a debt balance of $6.1 billion as of January 31. Based on a trailing 12 months EBITDA of approximately $1.6 billion, our leverage ratio stands at 3.8 times. Let me conclude my comments with an update on our full year outlook. As noted in this morning's press release, and last week at CAGNEY, we maintained our full year guidance. Expectations for net sales and gross margin remained unchanged with fiscal year net sales of $7.9 billion and estimated gross margin of 38%. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in a range of $8 dollars to $8.20. Key factors included in this forecast include better than anticipated third quarter results, a shift in certain marketing expenses from the third quarter to the fourth, the price decline on Jif peanut butter effective in March and a full year tax rate of 26% reflecting the fourth quarter rate comparable to the third quarter. Our projection for free cash flow remains in the range of $700 million to $750 million dollars, the CapEx estimated at $350 million to $370 million. In closing, let me reiterate that we're very pleased with this quarter's results and feel confident in delivering on our guidance for the year. Thank you for your time this morning. And we'll now open up the call to your questions. Operator, can you please queue up the first question?
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please state your question.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi. First question would just be, you noted some shifting of marketing spend from 3Q to 4Q. Was there any other shifting, you know the top line obviously was quite a bit better particularly in consumer then we had modeled with the underlying as you mentioned being up for. Then if there's anything that shift in relation to either the change in the cadence of SNAP spending to consumers or things of that nature that might have affected, you know, inventory at retailers one way or the other. Just trying to get a sense of the sustainability of the type of trends that you showed, particularly in consumer on the top line?
Mark Belgya: Hi, Andrew. It's Mark Belgya, I'll answer the question. I would say that we would call up anything specific to SNAP or any other you know, specified programs. We obviously over delivered sales in coffee in the business generally above what we thought, but there was nothing significant. You know one thing I might just take the opportunity to call out is as we do look to the fourth quarter on P&L, so you'd mentioned and we'd mentioned an increase in marketing. So that would certainly be a little bit of a flip between the two quarters. And then we also see the impact of the new pricing on peanut butter that will go on effect in the fourth quarter in March with the higher tax rate. And then although it was forecast originally, but kind of new news to you guys is that you know, with the construction of Longmont, we're going to see a step up in those costs in Q4 over last year's Q4 of about $0.04. So those whatever was three or four factors or things that you guys can just consider as you think through your fourth quarter outlook. But to the original question, I would say there was nothing significant, you know, that would - we would call out and say the timing difference other than the marketing.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you for that. And then just the second one would be the sustainability of Pet segment margins, obviously, a very big step forward, leap forward from where you were in fiscal 1H and certainly part of that I know is the synergies that are flowing through from Ainsworth and such. But when you adjust out, you know, some of the inventory step up from Q1, you know, the progress in Pet margins was, you know, much more significant than we had models. I just want to get a sense of your confidence there and the sustainability of margin structure moving forward in Pet? Thank you.
David Lemmon: Yeah, Andrew, it's Dave Lemmon here. I would say that we're really pleased with our margin progression on the business. Q3, we were 19.4% verses Q2 of 17%. So great progression against margins. You know, you mentioned synergy capture, but I would just say that you know, as we move to the back half, we expect to capture the bulk of the synergy related to year one in the back half. So that would be one thing contributing to our margin expansion. The other thing is that we've just taken a price increase on food, but we have the benefit of price increase on snacks and Natural Balance in Q - throughout the fiscal that would help our margins. And then just sort of thinking longer term, we have network optimization which is going to be kicked off later this fiscal. Portfolio management will continue with things like these are action on Gravy Train web. And then we plan to launch margin accretive innovation that will also help our margins. So we feel really good that the margin levels that we see today will be sustained if not enhanced.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks everybody.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi. Please state your question.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
David Driscoll: I just wanted to confirm, Mark Belgya, that the Uncrustables facility startup, you said that that was - I think you said it was $0.04 per quarter on a go forward basis until your - I think you just said next quarter, but I would assume that's $0.04 per quarter until you finish the startup. Is that correct or is it just $0.04 next quarter?
Mark Belgya: Hey, Dave, it's Mark. It was - that quote was specifically to the fourth quarter of this coming year. We'll give you more color on the total costs. We gave, as you recall, we did call Longmont expenses out as impacting both fiscal '20 as well, but will hold on till June. But the $0.04 was just specific to Q4 this fiscal.
David Driscoll: Okay. And then on pet food, you called out the asset impairment and you said that that overall your expectations are not changed. But an asset impairment means that management lowered the revenue expectations which is why you get the impairment. What was the counterbalance right there? Did you actually raise your expectations for Rachael Ray? And then related to things in pet, are you exiting all the private label Pet Food that Ainsworth's did and just what's the implication of that on the business?
Mark Belgya: Okay. Dave, it's Mark again. I'll start and then I'll let Dave also speak. So let me just kind of ground everyone on the impairment. So impairment was specific to trademarks. And I could give you all lesson here, but the trademarks are based upon future top line growth where goodwill is based on profitability. So the trademark implication or impairment was due we made some strategic decisions there, David and team have been going through. This is his strategy. And that's where reducing top line forecast for certain brands. That drove the trademark impairment that we took this quarter. We feel that long term because of the addition of the profitability of Ainsworth and all the things that David talked about or we'll talk about, we think that the profitability and the top line growth is still good where we are not facing a goodwill charge. So right now, the only thing was on the trademark. As we have consistently said in our 10-Q and our 10-Q will be issued later today and I'm just direct you all to read that is that we do know that because fair value and book value are close that any significant changes and any future forecast could result or would result in additional impairment. But right now, we feel the base business with all the growth opportunities you know should not cause a goodwill impairment this time.
David Lemmon: And Dave, just to answer the question on private label. We're still very committed to the private label business. As you know, we pack sort of the premium private label on dry dog and sort of the value equation on wet cat. The exits were planned exits related to the legacy business on Pet, on private label Pet, but the - all the business that's associated with APN and will continue to service those customers and meet their needs.
David Driscoll: Okay, thank you. Nice quarter. I'll pass it along.
David Lemmon: Thanks David.
Mark Belgya: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Goldman of J.P. Morgan. Please state your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning. Thank you. First question is on Natural Balance. You know - and I know this question has been asked before, I'm just hoping for an update on your thoughts. You know, a few years ago, it was Natural Balance and Blue Buffalo and those were the sort of big hitters at least perception wise at the super premium and in pet superstores. And since then, you know, your big competitor Blue has made a lot of choices that have grown and are about to grow with sales pretty dramatically. And I think those are the right choices in many ways, because of what we're seeing with pet superstores. And I don't feel like Natural Balance has made those same choices. So I'm just curious, is it too late for that Natural Balance brand to sort of expand its distribution platform if you will, have you made some mistakes there? What do you think the options are for it to grow because it was such a great brand and I feel like we just don't hear much about it anymore, it's sort of been put on the back burner?
David Lemmon: Ken, it's Dave Lemmon here. I would say, as I said on previous calls, we're not happy with the performance on Natural Balance. But - and we're going to continue to be a consumer led brand in the pet specialty arena, so we're committed to that channel and we will be committed to that channel for the longer term. And we have what I feel is a strong plan to turn the results around. But it won't happen overnight, I would say. But in the near term, you know, we're celebrating our 30th year anniversary of the brand. So we have a lot of display and promotional activity behind the brand coming in Q4 or through the first half of next fiscal. We're re-launching the ultra-brand with new graphics and focus on LID. We're focusing on pet specialty and regaining back our store level recommendations, which are critical to the brand. And then over the longer term, we're focused on a new marketing strategy that will drive brand awareness and increase household penetration and bring new users into the franchise. And lastly, I would say that we're really focused on our e-com strategy and building the brand in this important channel through a pricing strategy that meets the needs of the channel and through innovation that meets the needs of the channel. So we think with the combination of, you know, those five or six factors that I've outlined that we will be able to return the business to grow.
Ken Goldman: Can I use my second question for a follow-up to that? I don't quite understand. I understand there's any marketing strategy, understanding emphasis on e-com, but why the reliance still on pet specialty and why you say there's a good plan to turn it around. What is that plan? In pet specialty, it's no secret, is heading south. I don't think anyone really is expecting it to start growing very quickly again. In the meantime, there's an arguably a missed opportunity in food, drug and mass, but your biggest competitor has taken. And I don't quite understand why you're letting all that shelf space go to your biggest competitor?
David Lemmon: Well, you know, I'd say a couple things. The first thing is that as a brand that we've chosen to have it sold only in that channel and exclusive to that channel, and the pack is still growing and growing quite nicely, big box retailers in the pet specialty arena are declining, but we think that there is growth to be had in the pet. And as the pet specialty sort of pushes out on, pet goes announcement with being focused on ingredients and so forth. We think that we want to stay committed to the brand and that - in the pet specialty arena and that'll be our go forward position.
Mark Smucker: And Ken, it's Mark Smucker. I guess I would just add, you know, there's been a lot of focus on this brand. And of course I think Dave outline very well what the turnaround plan is. But you know we've got clearly a lot of effort and work to do in the mainstream channels with Nutrish and Nature's Recipe, both of which are continuing to perform and in aggregate are much larger than the Natural Balance opportunity. And they fill I would say a unique spot in the premium tier where you've got some of the other competition. As I highlighted, I think at CAGNEY last week, it's a very broad priced category. So you know we've got - there's plenty of room I think for these multiple competitors to play and we're going to remain focused on that. And we will, as Dave highlighted, you know, make sure that we're doing the right things for the Natural Balance brand. But we just feel like our strategy and the channels in which our brands play today is right.
Mark Belgya: Hey Kin, just - it's Mark Belgya. Not to pile on, but I think we also have to keep the context the relative size of Natural Balance. It's 10% of the entire tech business. So you know, not to minimize the commentary in the question, but just for the benefit of everyone on the phones to dollar eyes that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel. Please state your question.
Christopher Growe: Hi, good morning. I wonder if I could ask a follow-up question. In terms of the marketing shift in the fourth quarter, forgive me if I missed this, but have you said how much for these shifts from Q3 into Q4, just kind of get our model straightaway here?
Mark Belgya: Hey, it's Mark Belgya. Yeah, you know, we would say that the impact of marketing is about a $0.03 to $0.04 impact between Q3 to Q4.
Christopher Growe: Okay, so relatively modest shift it sounds like?
Mark Belgya: Yeah.
Christopher Growe: Okay, thank you. And then this wanted to ask, there's been a lot of talk of you know accelerated sales growth in the month of January particular SNAP benefits push back and I know there's been some inventory build, some retailers. I'm curious of reuse if that helped your quarter at all, where you see your retail inventory levels overall and any businesses that may have benefited from that phenomenon if it occurred?
Tina Floyd: Yeah, I can jump in. This is Tina. You would think that peanut butter may have had some impact with regards to SNAP, but we didn't see really anything significant that would have changed anything within our sustainable business.
Joseph Stanziano: Yeah, this is Joe. I would say the same thing on coffee, pretty consistent as we move into the fourth quarter.
Mark Smucker: And just generally Chris, I would say nothing as I said earlier that would indicate you know anything specific to inventory changes that retailers or anything like that. It was pretty much a normal flow of goods throughout the - you know the end of the quarter.
Christopher Growe: Okay. That's great. I appreciate your time this morning.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please state your question.
Bryan Spillane: Hi, good morning.
Mark Smucker: Hey, good morning.
Bryan Spillane: Just two questions. One just related to the fourth quarter that the guidance for the fourth quarter, you've got a still a pretty wide EPS range but like a point estimate on revenues, tax rate. So just trying to understand what's the variability in the fourth quarter, might be timing some of the marketing might shift to the first quarter of next year or just trying to understand what potential volatility there could be in the fourth quarter?
Mark Belgya: Yeah, Bryan, it's Mark. You know, I would just say there's probably, you know, three or four things I've kind of commented on them. Certainly the one that stands out the most is the pricing - our price decrease that goes in next month. I mean, we've obviously factored in, you know, estimated price decline and volume gains and so forth. But until that's in market, you know, we need to see that. But short of that there's nothing I would say significant, you know, in that range has been consistent with that range throughout the year. And what we tried to do with my earlier comments to Andrew was just give you a sense of the three or four things that that you guys may not have had, you know, color on it as you think through your fourth quarter. But it certainly is a high end, you know, would just be continued benefits from innovation and just the continuation of the trends that we saw come out of Q3. So if there's anything with probably a little bit of conservatives and bill into that around the top line growth, so we did over deliver above our expectations.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then just follow-up on - you know it's pretty good results in coffee in the quarter and looks like your K-Cups did pretty well as well. And Keurig had you know probably a better merchandising around brewers for the fourth quarter. So was there any sort of notable change in the category or change in your business just related to some of the things that you know Keurig has done to try to stimulate you know, household adoption?
Joseph Stanziano: Yeah, Bryan, it's Joe. You know, I think we've been pretty consistent with how we've approached the K-Cup merchandising. We did have a good Q3 I would say and we talked a little bit about it I think the last quarter you know, some of the work that Keurig has done on the entry level brewers has really helped us in key customers and key channels, especially for brands like the Folgers brand and seeing an adoption and increase sales velocity in that brand. So we continue to be positive about all four of our brands in the K-Cup segment.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. Thank you for letting me in, I appreciate that. I want to come back to pet real quick. Can you give us any quantification of the price increases that you're pushing through on the food side and any indication of whether or not any your big competitors like Mars, Nestle et cetera have led or followed?
David Lemmon: Yeah. It's Dave Lemmon here Jason. Thanks for the question. As you know, we follow on food, so it would be safe to say that are big competitors lead on pricing. In terms of the volume impact, we've modeled that in. So all of the impacts with respect to volume have been reflected in our guidance for next quarter. And you know, I just like to say, you know, we took food up in the first quarter, we took Natural Balance up in the fourth quarter. So in effect, we've taken our entire lineup of pet food up in price over the last 12 months. So it's been a great job by the sales team and by selling it in to our customers.
Jason English: Great. I love it, Dave, if you could give me any quantification of that price increase if possible? And then my second question, you guys mentioned that you've over delivered on coffee sales this quarter. Clearly volume was very strong, congratulations on that. It does, however, contrast what we see in the Nielsen or IRI data. Can you give us any indication of where you're sourcing that volume Generalized?
David Lemmon: Yeah. Hey, Jason. It's Dave. Sorry I didn't close the loop on that for that first question. But we won't be sharing the amounts that we took. But you can be safe to say that they were in line with our competitors.
Jason English: Understood.
Joseph Stanziano: Hey, Jason, it's Joe. Yeah, from a coffee perspective, you know, again, I think when we look at the third quarter, you know from an IRI perspective, actually we did grow share and mainstream in the 12 week up about six tenths of a share point, driven mainly by the Dunkin canister launch in Bustelo. However Folgers roast and ground net sales were flat in Q3 and that is an improvement over Q1 and Q2. So you know while we continue to work on the Folgers core business, you know we're excited for the launch of the Folgers Douwe product that you saw last week. We think that is really important innovation bringing to the mainstream canister category, a line of dark roast product that really we believe is missing in that segment. So continue to work for improvement there.
Mark Smucker: Jason, this is Mark Smucker. I guess I would just add a general comment about our support of these brands is we're pretty happy with the results this quarter, particularly in the sense that we've seen multiple examples of when we put some support behind these core brands, we in response, so we've seen that with Meow Mix, Kibbles 'n Bits and then now more recently seeing some improvement on Folgers. And so just a comment that it does work, the strategy does work. And then also as it relates to Jif specifically and Folgers, when you factor in 1850 and Jif Power-Ups, both of those are helping the brands. And so again just more confirmation that we're doing the right things and we're starting to see a little bit of momentum and see our strategy play out successfully. So I'll stop there.
Jason English: Right on. Thank you, guys. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson of Deutsche Bank. Please state your question.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thank you. Yes, my first question is just on pet. Kind of more generally, it sounds like you said this morning perhaps new distribution points of 3% to 4%, I know last week you kind of stated, you didn't really expect that much share encouraging coming in Mars and Blue just off of the data sets you've seen. This kind of curious, is it like others could be losing shelves, like you could be losing some SKUs offer maybe larger bags or more mainstream or retailers expanding categories for footage, I am just try to get a sense of as to why you specifically, let's say other premium brands within Mars without lose share just if someone else comes in unless they're trying to premium up the entire category and then others mainstream are losing share. So just kind of any general comments as to what you think plays out over the next six to nine months in pet at Mars? Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Rob, I have a few comments I'd make and just start by saying that on previous calls and it's further sort of supported now, we have limited interaction with Blue. And as we look at the data, we've coexisted for over a year now in many accounts and both our Nutrish and Nature's Recipe brands have continued to maintain or grow share consistently over that time. Blue is much higher priced then both Nutrish and Nature's Recipe and is attracting a really different consumer base, I would say. The whole notion of super-premium versus premium. And they attract a much - a consumer who's willing to pay much, much more for food. And then the last thing I would say is that we have a huge pipeline of innovation coming behind Nutrish and Nature's Recipe that will help sort of kind of insulate us from their entry. We are one of the only manufacturers or very few manufacturers to receive incremental shelf space or PODs, and it's because of our new platforms across both these brands. And then from a shelf space perspective, I just add that Blue is going to definitely add some pressure to the shelf space as they continue to crossover. It is yet seen who or what segments will be impacted by that. But if you want my opinion, I'd say that the shelf space will continue to come from primarily the value segments to a lesser extent than the mainstream segments, as retailers continue the journey of trying to trade up the consumer to premium dog food and premium pet. And I would anticipate the value segment being reduced through the elimination of duplication. And that they will probably try and make its bed shelf space much more efficient moving forward, which we will try to take advantage of and we're well positioned for across our portfolio offering both value mainstream premium and super-premium. So we feel really good about how we're going to defend against Blue coming over to and continue to cross over into FDM.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. And then in terms of price decrease, you mentioned, forthcoming in peanut butter. I guess a simple question, is that - do you think that's the only category where you might have to lean in a little bit into pricing? It sounds like peanut butters more or less, but we have seen what seems like a little bit heightens promotional activity in coffee. So I'm just curious if there are other areas you think you might lean into price and then more specifically on coffee, do you feel pretty standard so to speak as to where your pricing is now or could you potentially need to promote a bit into this spring? Thanks.
Joseph Stanziano: Hey, Rob. It's Joe. From a coffee perspective, we have obviously this year kind of continue to reflect the green price and stay very competitive on shelf. More comfortable as we go into fourth quarter with our price and promotional strategy. Obviously we continue to watch that the green market as we go into next year. But as we sit here and look to fourth quarter, we feel like we're in a good place.
Mark Belgya: Hey, Rob. It's Mark Belgya. Just maybe conclude the question is that you'll recall coming into the year, we were talking about just overall cost and we said that, green coffee was going to be down, it's obviously continue to be. And to Joe's comments on how that's been passed through. And then but the rest of our costs, whether it was packaging, ingredients et cetera, we're up and most affecting Tina's business and Dave's business. So I think you've heard, we took the pricing on days and the only notable decrease in Tina's area is peanuts. And so we are as we say, we're passing that through. But otherwise, if you look at price having to come from, cost supported, it's really green coffee costs and peanuts costs are the two that are moving the rest are - they are - what we expected and that's wouldn't expect any cost driven price off, their price change after that.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, great. And then just one quick one for you Mark again, Belgya. Is just, why not have updated your guidance last week at CAGNEY give us the kind of the direct question right is Q3 obviously came in a lot better than you've expected. Q4, what I'm hearing is there may have been some changes on peanut butter pricing that weren't expected for the year, the shift in marketing $0.04, which isn't that much. I'm not hearing much other deltas for the year. So I mean, I guess maybe the answer is we just like to leave ourselves the cushion and be conservative, it's a competitive marketplace, but it seems like it's - it may have been worthy of increasing guidance yet, you just didn't do so. So I'm curious as to what the thinking was? That's it. Thank you.
Mark Belgya: Well, I guess what I would say, Rob, is that we still feel comfortable with the range. And we purposely did not release and get into Q3 results because we didn't want to use that format we felt that was important that's the long term strategy discussion in Cagney want to save the commentary for here. And we just want to have this conversation, but I think we've presented that we feel good that we will deliver within our guidance range and really don't have much more to add to that.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Please state your question.
Akshay Jagdale: Thanks for the question. First one is for Mark Smucker. Just in terms of the - so the long term strategy, can you just cover us where price falls in, your pricing strategy obviously this year one of the main reasons you've lowered a top line organic sales growth guidance is because of lower pricing in coffee, lower pricing in peanut butter and now peanut butter pricing is gone even lower. So I know there's a lot of commodity pass through but at the end of the day, you've got these pretty aggressive organic growth target for your main brands and some of them are in obviously coffee right. So can you just level set us how like this year's results and overall just sort of these past through and strategic moves on pricing that seemed to impact profit negatively in the short term play into your long term strategy of sort of high single growth for your leading brands?
Mark Smucker: Okay, I'd say. This is Mark Smucker. I guess a couple things. First of all, you know we've seen margin improvement this quarter. So our profit is improving and we intend to manage dollar profit. As you know, we always say our goal is to grow year-over-year our profit dollars. And to the extent that we can achieve margin improvement that obviously is a secondary goal. As it relates to just pricing in general, being able to take pricing up or down, particularly in categories that are commodity driven, is going to continue to be a very important part of our strategy. And to maintain credibility with our retail customers as well, we need to be somewhat transparent in terms of our - when we are moving, that it is cost driven. And so as it relates to peanut butter specifically, we did actually take a pricing increase about a year ago, and we saw no one follow. And as you know, peanuts costs and the competition continues to be to be strong, we felt that the right thing for the business is to make sure that our pricing strategy is right that our price gaps are right. And so that's really the reason for the move. And it will cause us to be more competitive. But clearly at the end of the day, bottom line pricing is important, our ability to do so is important and we've got to maintain that credibility with our customers and obviously pass things along to the consumer and when we can.
Akshay Jagdale: That's useful. And just one follow-up on pet as it relates to your 2020 high level top line guidance. So it looks like you're expecting an improvement in organic growth, obviously pretty significant one in 2020 overall for the company and pets going to have to obviously improve significantly. Some of that is the innovation pipeline, right. But can you just give us a sense of the improvement in pet, how much of it is just innovation driving significant incremental growth, and more importantly, how all of that fits into the competitive dynamics, right? Like what I think people would like to hear is you're taking a conservative approach on velocities given the entry of Blue, but just high level, like how are you thinking about the improvement in pet organic growth over the next 12 months and what are the puts and takes there? Thank you.
David Lemmon: Yeah, Akshay, it's Dave Lemmon here. I would say to touch on your question around innovation, we have a huge pipeline of innovation coming in the fourth quarter, which will be supporting all of our segments, new platforms for growth meaning like new territories, we're taking the brands in terms of the segments, primarily focused around our snacks line with Milk-Bone being sort of the anchor of that effort. But still lots of news on our food business around Nutrish, Meow Mix, Kibbles 'n Bits and so forth. We expect to deliver $100 million of net sales incremental against our innovation, all of which will primarily come next fiscal. We had a delay in the mod resets of this year and so we expect that the bulk of that to hit us in next fiscal. I would say that retail acceptance has been great. So far most of the resets are launching later in the fourth quarter. We've grown PODs by - you heard Mark said, but by 3% to 4% incrementally. So we have great sort of growth coming from a POD standpoint. And just on the other side, I would say that we expect organic growth from our brands and we're going to deliver share growth through investing in our brands. And so sort of a balance between innovation and base business growth.
Akshay Jagdale: Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
John Baumgartner: Just maybe for Joe and maybe if Mark wants to jump in In terms of retail coffee, when we look at premium, it's about what 15% of your portfolio, it's where it was five years ago and you're still under index versus the category. And we look at Nestle, you going out acquiring Blue Buffalo and chameleon to kind of catch that millennial Gen X consumer. How do you think about winning that jump all in terms of developing brands internally versus automatic with M&A, I guess what's different in coffee versus the pet business?
Joseph Stanziano: Yeah, John, I could start and Mark will jump in. I mean, obviously, we've been focused on, growing the premium side of the business. Obviously, the Dunkin brand continues to grow. And we continue to support that. There's great upside head of us there. And a launch of 1850 was really to hit that squarely in the middle. And we've been nine months into the launch now. We're very excited about what it's doing. But again, we're in the first inning here. We're going to be here for a long time. But we are doing the things we need to do. The third quarter saw a focus on more trial and we saw an improvement in our trial numbers there. Now, just shy of our goal repeat continues to exceed our goal. And I think some of the key things your point is we're reaching the target consumer. We have a higher index with older millennial and Gen X. We continue to support the brand, learn and adjust. The launch of 1850 and Away From Home is really important for our imperative to be everywhere. And this will drive broader awareness and trial and multiple channels. And then the launch of the single origins that you saw last week will continue to strengthen this platform. So we're all invested in the brands that we have, not to say that we don't always look for opportunity externally from an M&A perspective, but right now we're focused on the brands we have and driving that growth.
John Baumgartner: Okay, thanks, Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. I have a few questions. I will try to ask the inventory question a little more directly. Walmart is 30% of your sales and they said publicly that they increased inventory and their January quarter relates to the SNAP program. It just looks like there's just such a high correlation between your shipments above Nielsen measured consumption, especially in coffee and in consumer in relation to that statement? And we've already touched on a bunch of ways. So maybe I don't know if there's anything more to add. But I guess I want to ask you, have you done the math to try to compare and contrast the reported data compared to your ships? I guess the second question is the special projects in the quarter, it's $18 million, you're pulling it out. That's a pretty big number. And I want to know what is special about these projects and why wouldn't we consider every year that there would be something that would require that kind of spending? Thank you.
Joseph Stanziano: Rob, I will start, it's Joe. From a coffee perspective again our teams are obviously watching inventories constantly, you know especially on Walmart honestly, the coffee business has done well all year. So we have not seen anything out of the ordinary or dramatic that we would have called out to say that that's different. We're coming off one of the key promoted time periods of the year the third quarter was November, December and the January being a highly promoted, high consumption time periods. So, again, from our perspective, we don't see anything significantly out of the ordinary.
Mark Smucker: Hey Rob, listen before Mark answers your next question, I would just add that you're right that our largest customers quarters line up with ours. And so he is possible that we do see some impact to our sales based on how they treat their inventory but this quarter was not that way.
Mark Belgya: Hey, Rob, it's Mark Belgya then. So I think you're speaking to the 18 million other project costs in the P&L reconciliation. So as we define in our non-GAAP, that is what we would call RMI, so it would be restructuring and merger and integration costs. So first of all, I say that we're consistent in our definition, we spent a fair amount of time making sure that it qualifies for our definition of special project costs. And specific to this year that's predominantly integration of the Ainsworth business and then the geography decisions that we made earlier in the year and the costs associated with that. So we feel that we know we're consistent obviously that number ebbs and flows a little bit if we have an integration or some sort of restructuring program in place. Restriction programs that fall into this definition are all board approved, so they are threshold that are considered as a result of that. So we feel that the consistency of our definition and sort of the process we go through to make sure they qualify. We feel comfortable about putting on there and call it out. Now we seeing the reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP numbers.
Robert Moskow: Thanks for that, Mark. I didn't realize that was restructuring. Last thing, the 3% to 4% EPS growth for fiscal 2020, how much better would that have been if he didn't have the headwind from this divestiture? There's this $0.25 that you've called out, but there's kind of some puts and takes. Have you kind of tease that out for people because you have a long term target of 8%, is the answer somewhere in the middle that it would have been a core of around 6% or so?
Mark Belgya: Yeah, that's about right, a couple of percentage points around that. So yeah, you're 5% to 6% could be right, Rob.
Robert Moskow: Great. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pamela Kaufman of Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Rose on for Pam. We just had a quick question on coffee. So if you think about the competitive dynamics that you're seeing, we've seen some headlines that key competitor brand could be up for sale. So I'd be curious to know, if you anticipate any impact from that development? And then secondarily, within your premium segment, can you give us a sense for the competitive interaction between your 1850 and Dunkin brands?
Joseph Stanziano: Yeah, again, it's Joe. Hi. We've talked about it before but we feel really good. There are very limited interaction between 1850 and Dunkin. You know Dunkin has a real core consumer obviously, Dunkin Corporate, the shop, we continue to support that, that same positioning at retail. And the 1850 position is very different from the look and feel and even in the consumer that we target and we talk to. I spoke earlier about that higher index on the older millennial and the Gen X on 1850. So a little more premium, a little more kind of what we would call a copy purist, so no real concern there. I think we're all hearing the same things. You guys are hearing from a competitive standpoint. At this point, it would be too early to speculate on what the potential implication could be of a major brand changing hands in the category. Obviously, it's happened before, and we continue to stay focused on the things we need to do in our portfolio and will be prepared for whatever happens.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And if I could just follow-up on 1850. Who are the customers you're seeing coming in, you said, you're over indexing to millennial and Gen X. Are you seeing new customers come into the category, or you seeing kind of up trade amongst your other brands?
Joseph Stanziano: Yeah, mostly we're seeing 1850 really incremental of the category through expanding category consumption, so more consumption within the coffee portfolio, both for the category and our portfolio.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Joseph Stanziano: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rebecca Scheuneman of Morningstar. Please state your question.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Good morning. So it's great to see the organic revenue growth in the quarter. And I was just wondering if you can tell me which brands were the primary drivers of that and if those brands strength was driven by innovation, or was it more promotional just kind of a points around that?
Mark Belgya: Hey Rebecca, this is Mark Belgya. So as we said that in coffee would have been Dunkin, with an 1850 with Jif, with Power-Ups Uncrustables, and then in, Dave, obviously Rachael Ray and just the addition there, but then Meow Mix and Kibbles 'n Bits were the five or six or seven key brands, all with significant increases year-over-year.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay. And so I can probably assume like Meow Mix and Kibbles 'n Bits was more maybe promotional, whereas some of the other ones were may be more innovation and maybe more sustainable therefore?
Mark Belgya: I wouldn't say - I wouldn't necessarily put promotion, I think Dave maybe want to elaborate, but certainly Meow Mix, we've been actively working that brand.
David Lemmon: Yeah, quite honestly, we launched a new advertising campaign and we saw dramatic lifts across Meow Mix during that time. So we attribute the success to both tender centers, which is a new launch for the brand and from marketing support.
Mark Smucker: Has more consumer support than any promotional support.
Rebecca Scheuneman: Okay, wonderful. Thank you so much.
Mark Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim. Please state your question.
Laurent Grandet: Yes, hi, good morning and thanks for the opportunity. I'd like to drill a bit more on into the Q4. As - I mean something I'd like to read you understand is the bridge between year-to-day results and full-year guidance especially on the bottom line. As you are exiting 3Q, you are earning an EPS and you kept full year guidance the same, I understand this $0.03 to $0.4 in terms of marketing shift between 3Q and 4Q. But still I mean there is a gap here. So, is it coming from all the marketing spends you would have to support the different launch you presented to us during CAGNEY or is there anything else?
Mark Belgya: Hey, Laurent, this is Mark Belgya. Thanks for the question. Let me just circle back to that I said earlier and try to quantify a little bit. So if you look at what the Street is thinking for Q4, the four things that I would suggest our new news things that you should consider. One is, as you said, is the marketing. The second is the impact of the price decline on Jif, goes back in next month. There's a higher effective tax rate than what we had submitted last quarter for both Q3 and Q4. And then lastly is just around the Uncrustables in the Longmont facility. So without being specific, I would say all four of those are sort of evenly spread in terms of the impact for Q4. And with suggested just sort of put that into your thinking to maybe to adjust and gotten saying the Street what they're thinking currently.
Laurent Grandet: Thank you. That's all for me. Thank you.
Mark Belgya: You're welcome. Thank you
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi. Please state your question.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you for taking the follow-up. This is for Dave on pet snacks in the innovation. So I do appreciate the reiteration of the $100 million expectation for the innovation. But Dave, I wanted to clear up, did you say that that the pet snack launch is on time or were you trying to suggest that it's going to be pushed out a little bit? I think you specifically said the sales would show up in fiscal 2020. But I thought the shipping was all supposed to happen in the fourth quarter. Am I getting that wrong? And then I just wanted to also ask about the - just the numbers of products that you're launching. A little bit on the philosophy of why so many products at once may I mean on Milk-Bone I believe you've got the Gnaw product and you've got the Wonder product and then you're also launching on the true treats and you've got. Just a lot happening right there and I'm just wondering why you maybe didn't spread it out a little bit over the coming six months or so, just to keep having a flow of innovation in the pet snacks business?
David Lemmon: I'll answer your second question first. David, this is Dave Lemmon. The answer to your question is we have a huge amount of innovation coming. We're supporting every segment of the business. So through the value chain into mainstream and it extends beyond premium and super-premium. We're supporting all brands. The one key thing I would say is that Nutrish is getting a ton of support and is kind of waiting, they are tipping the scale from that perspective. So we're giving a lot more innovation support to Nutrish moving forward in cat, wet cat, wet dog, dog and treats. So it's receiving support across the brand in every segment that we operate and we would expect it to deliver significant growth next year. As to the timing question, just to clarify, retailers have moved their mindset. So they typically would happen in February. They moved out to later in March. So we would expect pipeline filter pretty much occur in the fourth quarter, but - and will be laughing that but we would expect 100 million incremental on a full-year run rate.
Mark Smucker: David, its Mark Smucker. Just one way to think about pet is it if you think about, it's a very, it's a more complex category, if you will, then some of the others that were in like our consumer foods business because we're not in baking anymore, it's not quite as complex, coffee is coffee and pet is just across there is multiple segments. And so I would say there is two ways. One, we have to innovate. And new news is required to compete in pets, number one. And number two, pet does receive probably on in aggregate a slightly larger as a percent of net sales marketing in order to support that type of activity. When you think about Wonder Bones and GnawBones, I would think about those are more or less a single platform, long lasting chews. So just to help put it in a little higher level and put it in some context.
David Driscoll: That's very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Mark Smucker: Thanks.
Operator: I will now turn the conference call back to management to conclude.
Mark Smucker: Well, first of all, I wanted to thank all of you for listening in today. Obviously, we had a good quarter and we're proud of that. Just like to remind everyone that really it is about our strategy we are in it. You know obviously as we said at CAGNEY, acquisitions will continue to play a role, but given where we are in executing our strategy our leveraged position, it is imperative for us to innovate. And so our long term strategy is to grow organic top and bottom line and ultimately of course increase shareholder value. So again, thank you for your time. Thank you for listening. And thank you to our employees for delivering.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2018-11-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Broholm - Vice President, Investor Relations Mark Smucker - President and CEO Mark Belgya - Vice Chair and CFO Tina Floyd - Senior Vice President and General Manager Consumer Foods Dave Lemmon - President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks Joe Stanziano - Senior Vice President and General Manager of Coffee
Analysts: David Driscoll - Citi Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Andrew Lazar - Barclays Pablo Zuanic - SIG Chris Growe - Stifel Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Alexia Howard - Bernstein Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Jason English - Goldman Sachs Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Pamela Kaufman - Morgan Stanley Scott Mushkin - Wolfe Research Jon Andersen - William Blair
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2019 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open up the conference up for questions and answers after the prepared remarks. Please limit yourself to two questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you have additional questions. I will now turn the conference call over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning. And thank you for joining us for our fiscal 2019 second quarter earnings conference call. Mark Smucker, President and CEO and Mark Belgya, Vice Chair and CFO will provide our prepared comments. Also participating in the Q&A are Tina Floyd, Senior Vice President and General Manager Consumer Foods; Dave Lemmon, President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks; and Joe Stanziano, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Coffee. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the Company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning's press release, which is located on our corporate Web site at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the Company uses non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally as detailed in the press release. We have posted to our Web site a supplementary slide deck, summarizing the quarterly results and fiscal 2019 full year outlook. The slides can be accessed through the link to the webcast of this call, and will be archived on our Web site along with the replay of this call. If you have additional question to ask after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over the Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. It was a pleasure to see many of you in New York at our recent Investor Day, where we provided details on our strategy to achieve our long-term financial goals, with a balanced portfolio of core and growth brands.  This morning, I will begin by discussing our second quarter results and then highlight the progress that we made this quarter in advancing our consumer centric strategy. We are pleased with the results of our business this quarter. While they were in line with our expectations our efforts to support our balanced portfolio of brands continues to bear fruit. Our focus on adapting to consumer preferences was reflected in robust performance by key growth brands, which in total were up 12% this quarter.  Sales for Nutrish premium pet food were up 23% over the prior year. Other growth brands, including Nature's Recipe, Sahale Snacks, Smucker’s Uncrustables and Café Bustelo continue to deliver strong results as all achieved double-digit sales growth. Lower pricing and competitive activity across our broader coffee business impacted sales performance for the Folgers and Dunkin' Donuts brands, but did not impact margins. In pet food, solid 8% growth for the Meow Mix brand was offset by the plant's discontinuation of certain Gravy Train products and weakness for Natural Balance in the pet specialty channel. Factoring in all of this and excluding the impact of the Ainsworth acquisition and prior year sales attributed to the divested baking business, total company net sales were comparable with the prior year. As detailed in our press release this morning, our adjusted earnings per share included a pretax gain on the sale of the U.S. baking business and income taxes related to the divestiture. However, the underlying business results, including the acquired Ainsworth business, were consistent with our expectations. For the full fiscal year, we revised our sales forecast primarily due to competitive activity in coffee as lower green costs are being pass-through to consumers, incremental promotional spend and peanut butter and fruits spreads and in the pet segment, a shift in timing of shelf resets at key retailers that is delaying slightly the benefit of innovation launches. Our adjusted EPS guidance reflects the impact of the revised sales forecast, a higher tax rate related to the baking divestiture freight costs, unplanned legal expenses and a shift in timing of synergy realization. The health of our businesses remains strong as we continue to make meaningful progress against our three consumer centric growth priorities of leading in the best categories, building brands consumers love and being everywhere. Let me provide a few examples of how we are executing against this framework, beginning with leading and the best categories. Focusing on our growth brands in Coffee, our Dunkin' Donuts K-Cup was recently recognized as a 2018 Nielsen Breakthrough Innovation, with year one sales exceeding $200 million. In addition to the number one selling K-Cup SKU, the Dunkin' brand continues to be the number one premium bag SKU offering and the number one selling cold brew kit. 1850 brand coffee continues to perform as launch results confirm we are engaging with our target consumer. Velocities for 18 out of 19 SKUs increased this quarter and total sales since launch are 90% incremental to the Folgers brand. The continued success of the 1850 brand will require us fill out the product offerings in the coming years. This is a multiyear effort. Double-digit sales growth for the Café Bustelo brand was fueled by 38% growth for Bustelo K-Cups this quarter. And in fact, consumer takeaway for our total K-Cup portfolio was more than double the category growth this quarter. Further to our growth priority of leading in the best categories. We are well positioned for growth across all key segments of pet food and pet snacks, which is now the largest category in the center store, growing at over 2 times the total store average. Our dry cat food business led by the iconic Meow Mix and 9Lives brands had double-digit sales growth this quarter. Sales grow widely available premium pet brands Nature's Recipe and Nutrish grew by 15% and 23% respectively. While sales of pet snacks were down slightly compared to the prior year, we are excited about the upcoming snacks innovation. Retailer acceptance of our pet food and snacks innovation has been strong with new points of distribution being 3% to 4% incremental to our current footprint for the total pet business. Turning to our growth priority of building brands consumers love. We are following through on our commitment to increase marketing investments to support our innovation and growth brands. Our marketing expense increased $20 million this quarter compared to the prior year, driven by Coffee and the addition of Ainsworth. A higher level of marketing support is critical to achieving our goal to grow our growth brands, which currently represent approximately $2 billion in total sales, by high-single digits over the next five years. We will continue to invest in our core brands and anticipate flat to 1% growth for these brands over the same period. In support of these objectives, we announced a transformation of our marketing model consistent with our aspiration of becoming a best in class marketing organization. The three key components to our new model are; one, overhauling our internal model to align marketing expertise to each business; two, adopting a new agency model and partner; and three, investing in resources in the areas of creative consumer insights and data. Our new approach will yield increased productivity, cost savings that can be used to fund new investments, more breakthrough creative content and improved quality of our consumer engagement. This leads us to our growth priorities to be everywhere. As how and where consumer shop and consume products is more than ever on demand and multichannel. We think about both traditional and emerging retail channels, including the food service channel as a single ecosystem where our brands must maintain an emotional bond with consumers. The fastest growing part of this ecosystem is e-commerce. We had strategic advantages here as coffee and pet food are two of the fastest growing categories online. These two categories drove a 40% in our e-commerce sales this quarter. Over one third of our pet food and treats e-commerce sales and approximately 25% of our coffee online sales are on a subscription basis, and we anticipate continued growth. As we look to expand both our partnerships with digital retailers and our own direct to consumer platforms, we will test new products and meet consumer demand for more customized offerings and variety with increased speed and minimal investment. Our new marketing model and capabilities will also help us capitalize on how, where and when our brands engage with consumer across digital platforms in targeted ways, ensuring our brands remains top of mind with relevant consumer segments. Within our away from home business, we are consolidating our separate U.S and Canadian operations into a single team. In addition, we transferred responsibility for the convenient channel to this team, which was previously included in our U.S retail businesses. Our focus on brand and offerings in these channels, such as Smucker’s Uncrustables and portion control group spreads, Sahale Snacks and the upcoming launch of 1850 coffee and food service channels, further supports our intent to be everywhere and have our brands available wherever consumers shop. In closing, let me reiterate that our decisions around M&A, our investments and capabilities, brands and supply chain supported by our cost savings efforts are all rooted in our consumer lead strategy, focused on relevant growth categories. We have a balanced portfolio of core and high growth brand and we are committed to our increased investments, particularly in marketing to strengthen our brands purpose and connection to consumers. This strategy is our commitment to deliver total company growth and increased sustained shareholder value. Lastly, we have a great team of dedicated employees to execute this strategy, and I would like to thank all of them for their continued dedication and effort.  I will now turn the call over to Mark Belgya.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Mark. Good morning everyone. I will start with an overview of second quarter results and then shift to an update on our full-year outlook. Adjusted earnings per share was $2.17 compared to $2.02 in 2018, an increase of 7%. As Mark noted, there were a number of factors that occurred during the quarter that affected earnings per share. The contribution from the Ainsworth acquisition more than offset the loss of sales and profits from the divested U.S. baking business. The resulting $27 million pretax gain from the divestiture was mostly offset by a higher and planned effective tax rate due to the income taxes applicable to the sale of baking business. Net sales increased 5%, driven by the acquisition of Ainsworth. Excluding Ainsworth and the impact from the U.S. baking divestiture, net sales declined $12 million or 1%. Lower net price realization was mostly offset by favorable volume mix. Foreign exchange was $5 million headwind during the quarter. Adjusted gross margin showed sequential improvement, increasing from 36.8% in the first quarter to 38.2% in the second quarter. This was down 60 basis points compared to the prior year. The addition of the Ainsworth business impacted gross margins by 70 basis points. Margins are expected to improve upon realization and acquisition of synergies and growth of the higher-margin Nutrish business. Excluding Ainsworth and the benefit of divesting the lower margin baking business, our gross margin was down slightly as lower net price realization was not fully offset by favorable cost. SG&A increased $23 million or 6% compared to 2018, primarily related to the addition of Ainsworth. Marketing expenses increased $20 million or 17%, driven by Ainsworth and support for our recent new product launches. G&A expenses decline $3.3 million or 3%, reflecting cost reductions from our right spend initiative, which are pacing slight ahead of our forecast. Factoring in all of this, adjusted operating income increased $31 million or 8% compared to the prior year. Below operating income, interest expense increased $12 million, driven by borrowing cost associated with the Ainsworth acquisition. A $9 million unfavorable change in other income, expense was primarily driven by an increase in legal expenses. And an effective tax rate of 30% was above our previous guidance of 24.5%, reflecting the impact of taxes in connection with the divested baking business. Let me now turn to segment results beginning with Coffee. Net sales declined 1% compared to the prior year. The decrease was primarily attributed to the timing of promotional activities for the Dunkin' Donuts brand compared to the prior year. Sales for the Folgers brand declined 1% due to lower green coffee cost being pass-through to consumers and volume mix was flat compared to the prior year. And Café Bustelo net sales increased 12%. Coffee segment profit increased 15%, reflecting the benefit of favorable green coffee cost and our lower contracted K-Cup costs, which were fully lapped this quarter. This segment profit growth was achieved despite 40% plus increase in marketing expense for the quarter, primarily in support of the 1850 brand.  In consumer food, net sales increased 1% excluding the non-comparable sales related to the divested U.S baking business. Looking at key brands; Smucker’s and Uncrustables sales were both up compared to the prior year; sales for the Smucker's brand was driven by Uncrustables, which increased 17%, more than offsetting decline in food spreads. Net sales for Crisco increased 3% on strong volume growth in response to the price decrease we took earlier in the year. Sales declined significantly for R.W. Knudsen brand juices due to a strong prior-year comp that included customers building inventory of new pack sizes. And Jif sales were flat as the contribution from PowerUps snacks and volume mix gains were offset by increased promotional spend due to private label pricing. Segment profit increased 3% in the quarter as the $27 million gain from the divestiture more than offset the loss of the prior year operating earnings related to the baking business. Excluding these items, segment profit declined 9%, reflecting the lower net pricing, primarily for peanut butter and oils and higher peanut cost. Turning to the taste food segment, net sales increase 32%, reflecting the addition of Ainsworth. Without Ainsworth, net sales declined 1%, reflecting the plan discontinuation of certain Gravy Train in private label products that reduced sales by 2 percentage points. Nutrish sales increased 23% compared to the prior year with robust growth across all segments to dog food, cat food and snacks. Gains in Meow Mix and Nature's Recipe were partially offset by declines for Natural Balance and pet snack. The softness in Natural Balance reflects ongoing softness in the pet specialty channel, which has not been offset by growth in e-commerce. Pet foot segment profit increased 1% compared to prior year. The profit contribution with Ainsworth was mostly offset by the impact of higher commodity and freight costs across all pet categories. Lastly, in the international away from home segment, net sales declined 2% compared to the prior year, reflecting unfavorable foreign currency exchange and non-comparable sales in prior year from the divested baking business. Favorable volume mix, most notably for Smucker's Uncrustables, contributed 2% of net sales and offset the impact of lower net price realization. Segment profit increased 2% as the declining input cost, primarily for coffee and decrease in marketing, offset the impact of lower pricing and the unfavorable exchange rate. Looking at cash flow and debt, second quarter free cash flow was $125 million. This represented $55 million are increase compared to prior year, reflecting a decrease in working capital that more than offset planned higher CapEx spending. During the quarter, we paid down $440 million in debt, primarily funded by the proceeds from divestitures baking business, resulted in a debt balance of $6.3 billion at October 31st. Based on a trailing 12 month EBITDA of approximately $1.6 billion, our leverage ratio stands at 3.9 times. Let me conclude my comments with an update on our full-year outlook. As noted in this morning's press release, we updated our full year guidance. We now expect net sales to approximate $7.9 billion in line with consensus estimates. This reflects continued lower net price realization on coffee and peanut butter and the impact of delayed distribution for pet innovation. We project full year gross margin will be approximately 38%. This compares to our previous forecast of 38.5%, which we based on our first quarter margin of 36.8% and an estimated 39% gross margin to the last three quarters. Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $8 to $8.20. Key factors that cause us to change our EPS guidance range include; the estimated earnings impact of reduced sales guidance; and increase in the effective tax rate to 25.5% to 26% to reflect the second quarter tax impact associated with the baking divestiture; this reflects a normalized tax rate of approximately 24.5% for the remainder of the fiscal year; an increase in freight cost, approximately $7 million of unplanned legal costs that we recorded in the second quarter; and a shift in timing of $5 million of synergy realization related to the Ainsworth acquisition from this fiscal year to next. While we still have a clear line of sight to the projected $55 million total synergies, we intentionally delayed some synergy capture related to headcount to protect business continuity purposes. Regarding the earnings cadence for the remainder of the year, we anticipate third quarter EPS to decline approximately 20% from last year's third quarter. This is primarily due to an increase in marketing expense, higher input cost for the pet business, loss profits related to the divested baking business and higher interest expense. The prior year's third quarter also included a low effective tax rate as the company recorded additional benefit of the U.S. income tax reform. Fourth quarter EPS growth will be driven primarily by innovation launches within the U.S. pet food segment, distribution expansion for the Nutrish brand and the realization of acquisition synergies. As it relates to free cash flow, we now project a range of $700 million to $750 million compared to our previous range of $770 million to $820 million. The reduction reflects income taxes associated with the divestiture and a decrease in earnings guidance, partially offset by a working capital benefit. Our estimate for capital expenditures remain unchanged at $350 million to $370 million. In addition to this free cash flow, we received net proceeds from the divestiture of $372 million. As net proceeds were used to pay down debt, full-year net interest expense will approximate $210 million to $215 million. In closing, while we recognize there is still much to be done, we are confident in our ability to execute our strategy and deliver the sustainable long-term growth that we outline at our recent Investors Day. We thank you for your time this morning, and we will now open the call up to your questions. Operator, can you please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from David Driscoll of Citi. Your line is now open.
David Driscoll: My first question is just the fact one, I believe you said marketing expenses were up $20 million in the quarter, and I believe the full year previous expectation was for marketing to be up $80 million to $85 million. Can you confirm that you're still on track for that $80 million to $85 million increase in marketing?
Mark Belgya: So you are right. Marketing was up $20 million for the quarter and that was Ainsworth mostly and in coffee. What I would say is that of that $80 million you referenced, $50 million of that was specifically for PowerUps and 1850 that is still on target. We are trimming our overall marketing spend back a little bit but we’re still -- the good news is that we expected about 7.3% to 7.4% marketing to net sales and we’re going to be at just about that same relationship. So obviously, we've had some favorable spending as we pushed our spending programs across all disciplines and that’s helping and there is just some selective where we feel comfortable that we weren’t hurting any of the near-term growth.
David Driscoll: And then my second is just on the guidance. So your quarter comes out in line with expectations. Mark -- and this is all my comments exclude anything related to the baking divestitures. So I’m trying to not talk about that. The core piece of it looks like it came out in line to your expectations. Mark, I think you said that in your script, but then you lower the guidance. So the question then is, there is a lot of pieces that you gave us here on coffee, peanut butter, delayed innovation. Can you just give us sense of magnitude where the real pressures are? It feels to me like it's more in coffee. But I don’t really understand the delayed innovation comments as affecting the full year guidance. Any help and clarity would be appreciated.
Mark Belgya: Davem this is Mark Belgya, I'll start and then I will just look to Joe and to Dave and to Mark to ads, because I figured you'd have some follows up there, in particular and some of the language we had. So in terms to just dig buckets, we’re lowering -- if you went from where our original guidance was at 8.48, 65 and I recognized that you exclude the gain, but I will just -- if you don’t mind, I will include that in my conversations to reconcile that down. So if you take the tax impact and call that your rate anywhere from $0.17 to $0.19 and there we’ve mentioned litigation freight cost and the delay in the synergy, that’s all about $0.12 roughly. And then the decline in the sales of -- depending on what numbers, anywhere probably its $75 million to $100 million depend on your rounding, so those are the key drivers. If you look at the guidance in aggregate are resulting, if you take the low end going from $8.40 to $8. So in terms of the top line decline we’re going to obviously lose the margin from that sale. But we’re seeing favorable -- continued favorable extend across the company in excess of our plans that’s helping offset that softness a little bit. So that’s big picture of how do you go from an $8.40 to $8 and $8.65 to $8.20. You guys want to jump on some of the specifics.
Dave Lemmon: Just from a pet perspective this is Dave Lemmon, David. So I would just say that the slow in getting our products to market is as a result of our key customers moving their mod day reset about six weeks and the impact that has on projected sales.
Joe Stanziano: On coffee as we said earlier, the net price realization with just the competitive activity in the market that’s really reflecting the loss of that top line but as Mark Smucker mentioned earlier in his script, not impacting our margins at all.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JP Morgan. Your line is now open. 
Ken Goldman: I had a couple questions on Ainsworth. Perhaps you said this but I didn’t hear. Are you still on pace for $800 million in sales this year, because I think you did 184 this quarter, it's not a very seasonal business, you’re not quite on a run rate for that. But then you also talked about the distribution gain for Nutrish later this year. Just trying to get a sense is that distribution you gain already part of the 800, is that really how you get there and how you get the step-up in the sales. Any color there would be helpful.
David Lemmon: The distribution gains that we'll get from the innovation is in our number. We are confident that we will hit the $800 million. There is timing associated with the backend loading of innovation. But we still feel confident that will hit 800 million. If you look across the business, we've got a ton of innovation coming, we still got lots of white space opportunity in dog, cat and trees and we feel confident that we'll hit the $800 million.
Ken Goldman: But it sounds like that's really fourth quarter loaded. Is that right? We should really not expect a big ramp-up there until 4Q, or did I not hear that right?
David Lemmon: You'll see sales improvement in Q3 and Q4.
Ken Goldman: And then my second question is, I wanted to dig in a little bit, Mark Belgya, on the income tax related to the gain on sale. Obviously, that tax hit came in greater than what you expected. Could you provide any more detail on that? I am probably going regret asking this, because I am okay to understand the answer. But any help you can give would be appreciated.
Mark Belgya: I'll try to do this without taking the next hour. So let me just take a group back just a little bit on what we said publicly to hit ground and I will bring that competition forward. So we consistently, when we started talking about the disposition of the business being fully sold and we always said there's $25 million to $30 million pretax gain, which obviously that's where it landed, $27 million. When we were going through I think that all of this internally and externally just said, we were very focused with the pretax gains that we just applied nationally while we've been our effective tax rate at the time of, call it 24% to 25% and that's kind of how we landed at that EPS number that’s been discussed. So we go through the actual sale and get the actual recognition of the gain. And as we're going through the part, what we call the carve out, that's basically carving out the business for accounting purposes and zeroing out accounts and so forth, it came to life that based on our tax gain the taxes associated with that, our thinking was based upon prior transactions that that would also flow through deferred taxes and there would be no effect for effective tax rate. As it turns out there was a portion of the taxes that were not covered, if you will, by the deferred tax. And the accounting rule basically say that difference, which is the effectiveness you saw in tax rate needs to flow through our tax rate. So that's what caused it to go from 25% to 30% for the quarter. A couple, I think, key takeaways for those on the phone are as follow. There were no incremental dollars to the actual cash taxes paid, so we were using towards $65 million to $70 million estimate all along that hasn’t changed. We had to take the entire effect of the income tax change the rate through the quarter and the days of all we were able to smooth that over the year we couldn’t do that anymore. And perhaps the most important thing is that we expect all things being equal that next year we would expect it to go back to our normalized rate of 24.5%. So hopefully that helped -- and obviously entertain any other question you might have on it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar: A quick follow-up on pet for Dave and then just a broader question. Dave, I think recently a competitor in pet had talked a little bit about seeing somewhat of a slowdown in e-commerce for the overall pet category. I hadn't necessarily heard that before and just want to get some sense from you whether that was something you were seeing for the category as a whole as well or not.
David Lemmon: We’re seeing e-com is up about 45% to 50% similar to last quarter and we're keeping pace with that growth.
Andrew Lazar: And I guess just a broader question, a number of Smucker's calendar reporting peers have already begun to I think more broadly acknowledge that the reinvestment process to jumpstart the top line will be a multiyear process. And certainly, we understand that Smucker's is making sizable investment this year as well. But I guess in light of -- I’m trying to I guess square that with some of the trimming of marketing spend this year that had been anticipated. Understanding that you like to return so far that you're getting on the spending that you’re doing, it just feels like this market had been described as a pretty significant reinvestment year on the part of the company and really expected to get Smucker back to a level of marketing, maybe where you were several years ago before some other decline. So I guess I’m just trying to square that. And then thinking ahead, I know Smucker's is committed to supporting these new platforms consistently. Does that mean we've got another year or two of significant incremental marketing as you think forward longer-term? Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Andrew, its Mark thanks for the question. So as I said at Investor Day, we've got to stick to our gun.  Obviously, we came out pretty strongly in support of this increase in marketing, getting back to historical levels, staying in that 6% to 8% of net sales range, which Mark earlier highlighted that even with some modest trimming this year, we’re still going to be right -- in terms of percent of net sales will be right where we expected to be. I would highlight, and I am going to actually ask Tina to make couple of comments that again as Mark mentioned where we felt that we could get some productivity gains, there may have been some opportunities where we didn’t need to spend some dollar on Uncrustables specifically, that growth continues and we have not needed to accelerate some of the marketing spend that we thought we would. So I would submit to you that we have not cut any of the core marketing programs that we had intended to, it's more trimming across the variety of areas, but not I think any of our core programs.
Tina Floyd: Andrew this is Tina, just supporting Mark’s comments. We’ve seen 18 quarters of consecutive growth for Uncrustables. And again, we’re starting to build households and knowing that long months coming on next year, we just realized that we didn’t need to spend the amount of marketing that we had in place. So that’s some of the trimming that we did on the consumer side, but we’re definitely still supporting like the launch of Jif, Power-Ups, none of that has been touched up to this point.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Pablo Zuanic of SIG. Your line is now open. 
Pablo Zuanic: I will stick to two questions, the first one is broader and yes, it can be answer one on one person. But Mark Belgya, when I try to think of the EBIT guide, tell me this spend is correct or incorrect. In the case of coffee, lower cost need to lower prices, but there is nothing new there on the EBIT front. When coffee cost come down, prices come down. So coffee necessarily, from an EBIT perspective, didn’t worsen and is not the reason why the EBIT guidance was cut, ex the baking sales unit gain. In the case of pet, part of what you're talking about margin pressures freight, it's nothing new relative to what you guys said in previous quarters, the pet interest is more about the delay on the innovation due to shelf resets. And then in the case of peanut butter, we have a situation where you have higher cost and prices are coming down. I assume that peanut butter, it's a bit of robust to look at the volumes and prices will adjust. So is that correct or what am I missing there. I understand that maybe, Mark, Joe, Dave and team have an answer on this. But it seems to me that the EBIT cut in that context is not the end of the world. Can you comment on that?
Mark Belgya: You are correct. And in all those three, I would say of those three probably where there might be a little bit more EBIT than you have assumed in your model, and would be in the consumer food and in peanut butter. And that we are having to lean in. We are seeing low private label pricing. But you are right in the coffee area, we've continue to see very favorable green coffee cost, which Joe has outlined and in Dave's area. The only under cost I would say that have increased or certainly haven't gone down as freight and that has a predominant hit to both coffee or to consumer I should say into pet. But generally, I think your thinking is right. But there's probably the freight cost and the effect of peanut butter that are -- I'm guessing are negatively affecting a little bit more than what may be modeled.
Pablo Zuanic: And just to follow-up for Dave Lemmon. Dave, the Trade Press is talking about Petco making significant assortment changes starting next year, focusing on more Natural products, taking some brands off the shelves. Can you talk about what your exposure to Petco and how would you're portfolio affected there. And by the same token, just comment how Nature's Recipe in mass has been affected by the launch of Nutro, and we all expect Blue Buffalo to enter Walmart at some point. So just give some context in terms of our Nature's Recipe has which took the impact from a player like Nutro on the premium side in mass.
David Lemmon: To answer your first question on Petco, the exposure that we see is in around 8% of Petco sales are done through brands that will no longer be supported by them. I would say that we are going to offset all that and more through our innovation and new distribution launches that we have coming-up later in the fiscal. And I would say that you can't discount our brand strength, and consumers will potentially leave the store and shop elsewhere for those brands that they know and love. So that's what I would say with regards to Petco. With regards to Nature's Recipe, we're experiencing 15% growth on that brand. We see no impact from Nutro. We've got True Treats coming to market, as well as some innovation on food. So all is good on Nature's Recipe and we see limited interaction with Nutro.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Chris Growe: Just want to ask if I could in relation to -- and forgive me if I missed this. But in terms of -- what was your overall inflation in the quarter? And as I was thinking through some of the divisions, I guess in coffee, your pricing net of cost was favorable but maybe less so in consumer and pet. I want to make sure I heard that right, number one, and if you can maybe better quantify the freight and the input cost inflation for the quarter that was affecting the gross margin.
Mark Smucker: Chris, this is Mark Smucker. I am just going to start real quick and then pass it over to Mark. I think what is a little unique about our business versus some of the rest in the industry as we are seeing inflation in many categories we are starting to see some inflation in pet as we commented in the prepared comments. But you’re corrected in coffee and to a less degree and to some degree in consumer, we’re still seeing some deflation. And so I can turn it over to Mark to just comment generally on the net effect. But I think that does make us a little unique. What I don’t think has changed is that we will continue to pass along cost up or down to the end consumer. And so that has not changed and again we use multiple levers. I think what you’ve seen in both coffee and peanut butter of late and then probably for the back half is there we will be using the trade lever to a degree, and so that’s one way we manage it.
Mark Belgya: In terms of the net inflation, it's probably pretty modest, because as Mark suggested, we have had and we've said it since beginning the year, we expected cost increases across a whole variety of spend and on the input side on freight and those have continued to come to past. And I am guessing there's couple of percentage points but offsetting that has been coffee. And of course, we get an additional benefit as we reported this was our fourth quarter of our K-Cup contract benefit. So that also just if you look at the total cost is offsetting that. So it is pretty much a wash when you come to a net inflation deflection percentage, but it definitely skews unfavorable to consumer foods and to pet and positive to the coffee side.
Chris Growe: And just had one quick follow-up for you, Mark Belgya, in relation to the receivables balance, which was a quite strongly again last quarter. I think last quarter you talked about some late in the quarter sales coming in through. Can you give a good idea of what happened this quarter and how that affects the receivables balance and potentially sales, going forward?
Mark Smucker: So there is two things, one is just the absolute increase that came from the Ainsworth acquisition. So that’s component of it. The second thing and I’m guessing -- I’m not sure exactly with your point comparison, but if you compare fact to the end of the fiscal year, you have to look at the last month of each quarter. So the last month of the second quarter are -- October is a big sales month if you look at the end of obviously the fourth quarter of last year, it was a smaller so it's just the incremental increase in sales dollar. Most of those receivables are still outstanding at the end of the month.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Your line is now open. 
Bryan Spillane: So first question just related to -- just want to tie couple of things together with some of the questions related to pet food. I guess, stepping back and listening to what's happened and you have got some investment going on and launching some new products. There is a channel shift happening as e-commerce grows. And I guess there is some potential disruption in the specialty channel with what's happening at Petco. So it just seems to me that -- will there be margin pressure that we should expect to see in that pet food division to net of all these things that maybe goes on for a year or two. Just trying to get a sense for with all these changing -- all these dynamics, does it put some margin pressure on that business in the medium term.
David Lemmon: No, we won’t see there is any margin pressure coming in pet. Yes, there is channel shifting going on and that’s common. I would say that we have major levers that we will pull as we continue on the business both synergies being the first one, which will deliver margin. Our pricing we led on snacks. We will follow on food quickly if we see it take place in the marketplace. And we've got a bunch of levers that we're pulling from the supply chain network optimization, making sure that we have the most efficient network. We're doing some design to value and value engineering work from a formula perspective. And then rate spend obviously continues on the business and we expect to yield better margins for that moving forward.
Bryan Spillane: Mark Belgya, I'm not sure if I missed this but you talked a little about gross margin expectations for the year. Could you just talk a little bit about phasing? Is there anything that we should be thinking about 3Q versus 4Q in terms of the phasing of gross margins year-over-year?
Mark Belgya: I think you are going to see an enhancement more in the fourth quarter than the Q3.
Bryan Spillane: And that's just timing of price increases and actions you are taking or year-over-year differences. Just what's driving the difference?
Mark Belgya: Yes, it is timing but certainly there's some synergies that Dave mentioned, those are both G&A and COGS impacted just the way some of the costs are hitting and again the way we price, it's just more in Q4.
Operator: Thank you. And our next comes from Rob Dickerson of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Rob Dickerson: So to just a step back for submitted in terms of the pricing conversation, I know -- it sounded like earlier this year as we look forward in the full fiscal '19. We thought there might be some elevated promotional spending fast coming, especially given just where the commodity basket was. But what we're hearing now is, yes, that did happen but also given where the pass through has occurred, namely, let's say on the private label side that overall the pricing environment just remains obviously very challenged and very competitive, which is essentially the case for all. So I'm just curious in terms of the innovation that comes as you think about how your organic sales growth trajectory flows in the back half of this year and next year. Do you say, okay, well on the core we're in the center of the store and there is a private label push. And because of the commodity complex, there is incremental pricing pressure. So we need to continue to manage those price gaps, one. And then hopefully, we can offset with some price mix on the innovation, to get us to a normalized flattish pricing outlook overall. Or is it a look, in general, we need to support our growth brands and increase our marketing spend and become more nimble to be more in tune with consumer demand and then -- but at the same time, we are going to have to defend our core and part of that's going to come in the form of pretty much pricing. And it'd be might not be announcing price list declines but we do foresee the pricing environment continuing to be a big challenge as we go through the back half of the year.
Mark Smucker: Rob, its Mark Smucker I'll start and then ask the team if they have any color or commentary. So you are correct. It is a competitive environment. You are also correct that as we manage through those environment, making sure that price caps are right and our goal is to protect profit dollar profit. Obviously, margins are important too but we really are focused on dollar profit. And as you've seen so far this year, we've been successful in doing that. We continue to believe philosophically that the right thing to do is not only be competitive but to pass through up or down cost to the end consumer. And so that will continue to be our focus. But I do think at the end of the day we are focused again on making sure that we can sustain and ultimately grow our dollar profit.
Rob Dickerson: And then just one question on shelf resets, we're entering the zones anticipation of reset that occurs in large retailers earlier in the year likely those conversations, as I would think, have been had and maybe where you foresee yourself playing out. So I’m curious namely not so much in consumer not so much in pet but more so on coffee. Do you foresee yourself come early part of calendar '19 year, holding space for Smucker within coffee at retail? It just might be a bit of a shift. Let's say, a little less holders a little bit more 1850, et cetera.
Joe Stanziano: I would say we’re always ensuring whenever we go in for a reset with a customers that we’re bringing our thoughts on what's good for the category, what’s good for the consumer, what’s good for our portfolio. So there are always put and takes that some of those timing depending on key customers some had happened earlier in the summer as we go into next year. We will continue to bring the same mindset to every customer, and I think that’s what they rely on us for is to be coming in with a very category specific mindset and recommendations that are going to help absolutely our business but help the whole category, grow the category.
Mark Smucker: I would add -- Rob, this is Mark Smucker again. Just as an example without naming any specific customers, we do have one of our largest customers that is in the process going through resets and actually our core folders been this is more than likely going to regain some lost shelf space that they had previously lost. And I think the customer recognize that it probably wasn’t the right decision. And so we’re actually going to regaining some space on the core at that particular customer. So to Joe's point, we have to go in taking in an approach that we’re doing what’s right for the entire category. And to the extent that we can do that, we feel that both the customers and our business will ultimately benefit.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Alexia Howard : Coming back to the question of pricing, I’m looking at the measured channel data and its showing that the pricing on the shelf across the portfolio is actually up about 1%. And obviously, that’s the pricing from the retailer to the consumer. And yet across many of your segments, the pricing is down. Is that just a delay of some sort, maybe the retailers out passing through those price decreases they are giving them but will eventually or is there another explanation. And then my follow-up question is just really quickly is the, does the unplanned legal expenses. What would they pour and will they continue? Thank you and I'll pass it on.
Joe Stanziano: I don’t want to speak for all the categories. But I would just say I'm not -- I don’t have what you're looking at maybe right in front of me. But I think some of the way that pricing measurement is reported could be depending on whether that's everyday versus promotional, some of our investment maybe is going more toward the promotion. So again, I think overall there is some lag there but depending how the retailer reflects that on shelf and how IRI picks that up that can be the differences there.
Mark Belgya: In terms of the legal expenses, I can't go into a lot on pending litigation, its litigation claims and settlement. As far as the amount that's our best estimate right now I'm sure you are aware of the continued liability accounting rules, but that's our best estimate of what's probable and estimateable. So I think we booked about $7 million currently.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Akshay Jagdale: It's a high-level question on the step-up and brand support, and really what I'm trying to get a sense from you on is. Is this offensive or defensive? So if it's offensive to me, it means it should result in better market share performance for the company relative to what we've seen historically. And that's I think exactly what you're planning so first, is that a correct interpretation of what the company strategy intends to do. And then secondly as we think about the likelihood of success, there is some confusion on our end, because several large companies have made similar incremental brand investments, which makes these step-ups feel defensive. But I think what we might be missing in the big picture is the whole set of bunch of private companies small companies that we only hear whom you've compete against. And I don't think they're making at least these levels of step-up in marking and brand investments and this is probably the cohort where majority of the share gains are likely to come from. So hopefully, it's not too dense of a question. But I would love to get your perspective on that.
Mark Smucker: You're right, it absolutely is offensive. At the end of the day, we got to do what's right for our brand and making sure that the long-term health of the brand is there is really what it's all about. And so I would submit to you that we were one of the very first companies to publicly talk about a step-up in marketing. And whether or not some of our peers our competitors are doing the same thing, I think points to the fact that's it's probably the right thing to do across the board. As you know, there has been some erosion of brand equity just generally speaking in the industry. But in our own case, that is also true. And so we need to make sure that we're fully engaged with the consumer as we said at Investor Day and so the step-up in marketing is absolutely offensive. If you think about -- when you look at traditional MMA analyses $1 spent on marketing, typically has a markedly higher return over than $1 spent on trade. Yet, that return tends to be a longer burn. So the return timeframe maybe longer, it’s not an instant hit but that’s the reason why we have to stick to our guns and continue to support our brands over the long-term, and we should see our equities our awareness and all of those measures similarly rise.
Akshay Jagdale: And just to follow up on that. But to be clear, the reason you feel comfortable as offensive it is, you feel good that you will gain share, because you’re doing something more than most of your competitors in the categories that you compete. And as a follow up just to that is as you've gone through this new marketing model. At a high level, I mean, is the cost of incremental sales today higher or lower than historically, because from what I can tell, the tools and the new innovative partnerships that we’re seeing from companies like yourselves on go to market seem to be a lot more productive than the traditional media spending. So there is this view out there that it just cost more to get growth. And I actually think that the tools available today make it a lot of efficient to get growth if you execute properly. Thanks.
Mark Smucker: The latter part of your question believe that as well that it's done right. The cost of growth overtime should be more efficient. As it relates to the offensive comment, Akshay, these investments in our brands are ultimately aimed at building loyalty. And as when you can build loyalty, you build repeat purchase and when you build repeat purchase ultimately you’re going to improve share, so absolutely. And then the cost of incremental sales part of your question that has been true over the last few years in terms of trade dollars that there has been more trade and in certain categories you have seen more trade dollars aren’t getting the incremental lift that they say previously had, therefore, justifying a return to investing in our brands.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. 
Jason English: I have two just housekeeping items. And I am sorry if I missed this in some of the prepared remarks. Can you help me understand the drivers of the quarterly gains over the next two quarters? I think you said that third quarter EPS will be down around 20%, which implies at the midpoint that your bounce back to around 11% growth in the fourth quarter. And help me understand what drives the softness in the third quarter and the robust bounce back in the fourth?
Mark Belgya: So the 20% reduction in Q3, there is probably three or four things. So one is there is significant step in marketing in Q3, there is a step up in Q4 too but significantly in Q3. Because the third quarter was our heaviest baking period, we're losing a significant amount of profits from last year that obviously are going to repeat this year. And then we're also seeing the impact of both the freight cost and cost higher cost in general. And then last year, the tax rate was at normally low, because that's when we booked our initial tax reform. So I think it was, I recall it's even under 20%, so that's through the key driver. As you flip it then to Q4 what we're going to see, although, the marketing expense is still going to be up, I think to Dave's point, we're going to see a lot of his innovation come to market in Q4 will benefit from that from the other innovations obviously are picking up some ramp-up Jif, PowerUps, and 1850s are probably the key drivers there. I think the cost would have settle up, so I think as I just said earlier in the margin that the heaviest cost hit is more Q3 year-over-year versus Q4 year-over-year.
Jason English: And then one more clean-up question on the guidance, I'm looking at your free cash flow guidance the trend it looks like around 9% at the midpoint. But at EPS, you attribute EPS by 5% and look like maybe a 0.5 or so is due to non-cash step-up in tax rate. So cash EPS trip of around 3.5%. How does that amplify to almost the 9% decline in your free cash flow outlook, particularly in context of the positive comments you had on working capital this quarter?
Mark Belgya: Let me spin it a little different way and see if this answers your question. So we took -- if you just go from the low end to low end, we went from $770 million to $700 million. We are paying about $70 million in cash taxes, and just bare with me here a second. When we talked about free cash flow last quarter, we obviously hadn’t closed the transaction yet. So what we reported to you on that $775 million to $825 million did not have cash taxes coming out. What we did do is we deducted that from the proceeds. And if you go back and look at what we have said, we have proceeds of about $310 million. As we went ahead and the way it's played in our financial statements that taxes will actually fold through cash from operations, which free cash flow. So that's the key drivers is the $70 million. If you layer in then the decline in earnings guidance that takes you down I don’t know call it another $20 million or $30 million. And then we are seeing positive benefit of working capital that brings us back-up to get down to that roughly net $70 million reduction. I hope that helps you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Moskow: Just two quick questions, I'm little unclear on the coffee outlook for the back half of this year. Joe, are you lowering your coffee outlook for the back half? But for the year, it's pretty much as you figured. And then secondly, also wanted to question about the reformulation potential at Petco. Dave, I just thought the concern -- what if other retailers follow Petco's lead and reduce shelf space for artificials or products with artificials or remove those products from the shelves. Do you think that's a concern? And if so, would you need to make broader reformulations across your line.
Joe Stanziano : On the coffee outlook I would say where we thought we would be at this point and the year doesn't change. I mean I think we talked about the coffee margin was frontloaded in first and second quarter and you can see that as we sit here today. We're still confident with where we're going to end-up the year where we thought. Again, I think it's just the net sales realization due to adjustments on our investment in trade based on competitive pricing has impacted that top line a little bit. We still hope to come in slightly above where we were last year from a net sales perspective.
David Lemmon: And then just on the Petco situation, I think that other retailers will take a wait and see approach with Petco. We’re already seeing it in some in the pet stores taking a similar approach for Petco following them actually. And I would just say that there is a large consumer base there that is buying many products that are not meeting Petco standard and they will decide, not the stores will decide, where and what they buy.
Robert Moskow: Have you evaluated, Dave, what the cost would be if you needed to reformulate?
David Lemmon: No, because I don't think that we need to reformulate.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. 
John Baumgartner: Joe, I wanted to go back to single serve coffee and the private label pricing there, because it's still deflationary it's really not getting any better. Are you just more or less waiting for commodity inflation to induce more rational pricing more here? Or I guess is excess capacity such that pricing pressure may still persist even with commodity inflation? How are you thinking about the environment there and the structure?
Joe Stanziano : John, on one cup, I think we've talked about it and you can see what our brands are doing and we felt very confident about how our growth looks across all of our K-Cup brands. From our perspective that contract really help us reset our pricing and has given us the ability to continue to drive growth at more category or consistent margins with the rest of the portfolio. Clearly, private label continues to grow. We’re seeing growth, especially from a price per unit with some sizing in the segment. And I would expect to continue to see that happen. But obviously, when we talked about the coffee commodity cost impacting one cup is very -- is minor compared to the other forms in the category.
John Baumgartner: But I guess if you look at single service and your growth there, the category shifts more and more to single service field that is opening up a new vulnerability, because you've got a few of the -- just more a rational price competition in private label and single serve than you had in roast and ground over the year. Can you comment a little bit in terms of what's in your expectations, going forward, your model? And just trying to get some comfort in terms of what that competitive dynamic looks like, going forward?
Joe Stanziano : I don’t know. I wouldn’t agree with that. There's more rational pricing in one cup. Over the years, we seem some irrational pricing in all segments. I would say, actually, there has been sharper pricing in one cup. But I wouldn't call it rational. I don’t expect that to get more irrational going forward.
Mark Belgya: Just one other things to add to Joe's comment, I agree with what Joe saying is that. Where we've seen over the years as we've been in coffee for last decade irrational is where green was. And green is just such a much smaller percentage of the input cost on K-Cup and single serve. So the availability and the ability to do that type of pricing is just not there but it's certainly up for an extended period of time.
John Baumgartner : And then just a follow up for Dave real quick, just in terms of the clarification on pet. Did you say that 8% of your Petco business was being rationalized?
David Lemmon: No, not that it was but it could be.
John Baumgartner : And then do you have the number on what Natural Balance sales were in the quarter?
David Lemmon: Pardon me.
John Baumgartner : Do you have a number for what Natural Balance sales did, the growth in the quarter?
David Lemmon: It did about $75 million.
John Baumgartner : And that was down double-digits year-on-year?
David Lemmon: No, it's not down double-digits. No.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Pamela Kaufman of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Pamela Kaufman: I just wanted to follow up on the coffee outlook for the remainder of the year and what you're anticipating from the competitive and promotional environment. And given that the coffee margin, you mentioned it was front half loaded, should we expect EBIT margins to decline in the second half given the competitive environment and since you fully lapped the renegotiated K-Cup contract?
Joe Stanziano : Yes. Pamela, it's Joe. I would say consistent with what we've seen the rest of the year, we know that coffee futures continue to be volatile. We've seen competitors make investments, we've made investments. We would expect that, but again we feel very confident with where we are today with our price and promotion strategy for the rest of the year. And yes, as I reiterated earlier, our plan from a margin perspective was front loaded this year so the back half I think will be down slightly.
Mark Belgya: Pam, this is Mark Belgya here. I think though when we make the commentary about front-end loaded, that was sort of a year-over-year commentary. I think the margins that Joe and the team are showing. I mean we consistently say we are going over -- beat the 30% plus segment profit and I think that's still the intention for the rest of the year.
Joe Stanziano : That's right.
Pamela Kaufman: And just a question on your cost savings program. Are you still on track to generate $80 million in savings from RIGHT SPEND this year?
Mark Belgya: We are on track for the $80 million. Just to be clear, that was not all RIGHT SPEND. That was a series of projects. RIGHT SPEND is probably the largest single component of that and I think it was in one of our scripted comments that we're actually trending above or favorable to that RIGHT SPEND portion.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Scott Mushkin of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Scott Mushkin: So, I want to go back to what Andrew Lazar was talking about a little bit earlier and really focus more on the medium to longer term. I guess what I'm doing, I'm looking at your three segments and I'm just trying to understand. I mean obviously you've made an acquisition in pet and you're going to try to grow that, but there's a lot of pressure as we talked about on this conference call. If we look at peanut butter and jelly, again pressure is private label. And then if we go to coffee, it seems as if it's taken you guys a lot of money to get 1850 off the ground so that project out a year or two or three. Just trying to understand how the business changes and how you're going to spend more to stabilize things and grow things over time? That's my only question. Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Scott, this is Mark Smucker. So first of all, we are wholeheartedly committed to our strategy and one of the reasons why Uncrustables has been performing as well as it has in some of the consumption of peanut butter and jelly has or is shifting to ready pre-made sandwiches. And so we kind of consider ourselves lucky and smart that we are in that business because clearly as the consumer doesn't make PB&J in the morning, they might default to that. So, clearly that is on strategy. As it relates to coffee, same thing. We accelerated the growth of our one cup business, that has overdelivered this quarter. And then pet as well making -- in every category shifting our portfolio to where the growth is and I would point to the fact that we had some questions in the last few quarters about Nutrish and its ability to co-exist with Nature's Recipe and as you've seen from the results, they are doing -- they're both doing very well and they both serve a unique need. And so in each category we are executing our strategy, making sure that we're supporting where the growth is, and consistently following through. As it relates to innovation, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, these are multi-year efforts. We talked of a year or two ago about fewer bigger bets. This is the beginning of that, you're seeing those efforts come to fruition, but as we're launching platforms. I would submit to you as you look across the industry the amount of investment that we're making against a new platform is not unusual or significantly higher than you might see elsewhere in the industry. So we think we're pretty consistent there, but it does require us to maintain that investment for some period to flesh out, to fill out those product lines so that they continue to gain a presence on shelf and so we've got to continue to do those things. So to the extent that we can continue to follow through on our strategy, we have a tremendous amount of confidence that we'll be successful.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Jon Andersen of William Blair. Your line is now open.
Jon Andersen: I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on the performance of 1840 and Power Up so far. I know it's early, these are platform innovations for you and as you've said, Mark, it's a multi-year effort. But if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing with respect to distribution, initial velocities, and what sort of the next steps are or milestones are for those platform expansions? Thank you.
Joe Stanziano : You're 10 years too early, we were -- it's 1850 [Technical difficulty].
Jon Andersen: Yes, I'm always early.
Joe Stanziano : Obviously, you're not getting our targeted at.
Jon Andersen: I'm always early.
Joe Stanziano : I'm kidding. As Mark said in his opening comments, we continue to be very pleased. We saw velocities improve this quarter. With continued efforts, we saw both trial and repeat rates improve. Our consumption run rate is now above $1 million per week at retail. So again, all the -- all the key metrics we're watching very closely continue to improve. We've said it once, we'll say it again. This is a long-term project. We're going to continue to stay in it. We have continued support for the back half of the year. We've got some good merchandising even over the next couple of months that we're excited about as we're in the highest coffee consumption time period and the incrementality continues to be better than what we expected before -- before the launch. So, we're pleased. We'll continue to support and we'll continue to learn and adjust as we need both for our customers at retail and our consumers.
Tina Floyd: Hey Jon, it's Tina. Just on Jif Power Ups, again I'm seeing very similar metrics to Joe. Our ACV is up, our trial and repeat is up, velocities continue to improve. Again it's great as Power Ups is bringing new users into the Jif franchise, which we're really excited about. As we look to back half of the year, we have a lot of marketing and merchandising in place as we look to Q3 and Q4 and we've also added some incremental capacity for clusters. So, so far we're really pleased with the platform and look forward to the balance of the year and continued growth.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mark Smucker for closing remarks.
Mark Smucker: Thank you. Just want to reiterate. First of all, thank you to all of you for taking the time today to listen in. And wanted to just comment despite some of the unforeseens this quarter, the businesses are performing as expected. We see from our lens that our strategy is working. I commented on Nature's Recipe and Nutrish co-existing, the fact that our Folgers brand the decline was very modest, our innovation is performing, our growth brands are growing. So from our perspective, it is about sticking to our guns, making sure that we continue to support those things. And again just thank you, our investors, for the questions today. I personally felt like it was a productive dialog. Your questions were welcome and it felt like a continuation of our Investor Day from a couple of months ago. So, just wanted to thank you all for that. And then of course to thank our employees because they are the company, they are the people that make this happen every day, and so just wanted to acknowledge their support and dedication. And have -- all of you have a great day and a Happy Holiday.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-08-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Broholm - Vice President of Investor Relations Mark Smucker - President and Chief Executive Officer  Mark Belgya - Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer Joe Stanziano - Senior Vice President and General Manager, Coffee David Lemmon - President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks  Tina Floyd - Senior Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Foods
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays David Driscoll - Citi Pablo Zuanic - SIG Chris Growe - Stifel Farha Aslam - Stephens Jason English - Goldman Sachs Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2019 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open up the conference up for questions and answers after the prepared remarks. Please limit yourself to two questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you have additional questions. I will now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning and thank you for joining us for our fiscal 2019 first quarter earnings conference call. Mark Smucker, President and CEO; and Mark Belgya, Vice Chair and CFO will provide our prepared comments. Also participating in the Q&A are Tina Floyd, Senior Vice President and General Manager Consumer Foods; Dave Lemmon, President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks; and Joe Stanziano, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Coffee.  During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the Company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning's press release which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the Company uses non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally as detailed in the press release. We have posted to our website a supplementary slide deck, summarizing the quarterly results and our fiscal 2019 full year outlook. The slides can be accessed through the link to the webcast of this call and will be archived on our website along with the replay of this call. If you have additional questions after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over the Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Our first quarter performance reflects significant progress in realigning our portfolio to growth areas and on-trend categories. Smucker’s Uncrustables, Dunkin' Donuts, Café Bustelo, Nature's Recipe, and Sahale Snacks , all achieved double-digit sales growth in the quarter and in the aggregate, accounted for three percentage points of top-line growth.  The Rachael Ray Nutrish brand also achieved double-digit sales growth versus the comparable period in the prior year. Achieving increases in nearly every key area of the portfolio where we have made investments validates that we can continue to win in today’s marketplace.  Some of our established brands underperformed in their traditional categories in the quarter. These included Folgers, Jif and Natural Balance. While some of this was timing related, our teams are hard at work executing specific plans to improve performance for these brands through the remainder of the year.  Let me expand on these topics by using our Coffee business as a proof point. We have previously shared our strategy to better align our Coffee portfolio with consumer preferences by increasing our presence in both Premium and One-Cup Coffee. Sales for our premium packaged coffee business grew 13% while our K-Cup portfolio increased 17% with all our K-Cup brands up in the first quarter.  Growth in both our Premium and One-Cup segments continues to be led by the Dunkin' Donuts brand. Sales for the brand were up 13% in the quarter which builds on 10% growth in the first quarter of last year. The current year also included contributions from our recently introduced canister format, which is generating incremental sales for both the Dunkin' Donuts brand and our overall coffee business.  1850 Premium Coffee was another contributor to growth in both the Premium and One-Cup segments. Launched in April, the brand has already hit our target ACV of 70% and is currently generating nearly $1 million in weekly retail sales and growing.  To further build consumer awareness, our comprehensive $30 million marketing program is now underway. Although it is still early in the launch, we are excited by the initial pipelines fill and expect 1850 to be a growth platform for years to come.  Stabilizing the Folgers Roast and Ground business also remains a key priority. In the near term, this includes capitalizing on greater than anticipated green coffee favorability by investing in elevated trade support. We also have key merchandizing activities planned for the upcoming months.  Longer-term initiatives to reinvigorate coffee rituals for this iconic brand are also in progress and we look forward to sharing more in the future.  Let me now provide a few first quarter highlights from the rest of our businesses. I’ll use our strategic roadmap and its four pillars; innovation, investments, cost savings, and acquisitions as a framework for my comments. In addition to 1850, we have a robust line-up of new products for fiscal 2019 reflecting our new platform approach to innovation.  This includes Jif PowerUps, our new line of snack bars and peanut butter clusters that began shipping in May and are already off to an excellent start. Like 1850, we are supporting the launch of Jif PowerUps with significant retailer and consumer investments including an integrated public relations and marketing campaign, which began this month.  In Pet, an area of emphasis has been rebuilding our Pet Snacks innovation pipeline consistent with changes in consumer preferences. To that end, we have new product launches planned for the back half of the fiscal year, which we anticipate will drive over $100 million of annual incremental sales in the coming years.  Most notably, we are excited to be expanding the Milk-Bone and Nature’s Recipe brands into key segments of the Pet Snacks category including rawhide alternatives and natural meat snacks.  Turning to the second pillar of the roadmap which is investments, momentum for the Smucker’s Uncrustables brand remained strong. Company-wide sales were up 29% in the quarter, which builds on 13% growth in the first quarter of last year. This reflects the continued strong growth for the brand in both our retail and Away From Home businesses.  Construction of our new sandwich facility remains on track for completion in fiscal 2020. This facility will double production capacity coinciding with the launch of our first ever national marketing campaign for Uncrustables.  The third pillar of our strategic roadmap is generating cost savings to provide the fuel for investments in top-line growth and margin protection and expansion. For fiscal 2019, we implemented our new cost containment program Right Spend to strengthen cost discipline throughout the organization and deliver a portion of our $80 million incremental cost savings goal for the year.  We are also on track with our previously announced plans to relocate our Pet Food office in San Francisco to our corporate office here in Orrville. We are pleased with the number of key employees that have chosen to remain with the company providing continuity of knowledge on our Pet business.  The final pillar of our strategic roadmap is acquisitions. We have now owned Ainsworth Pet Nutrition for a quarter. The business is continuing its strong track record of growth and meeting our performance expectations. With distribution expansion opportunities and significant growth prospects in cat food and pet snacks, the addition of the Rachael Ray Nutrish brand is accelerating growth in our Pet business.  In addition, we are making good progress towards achieving our stated synergy goal and completing a seamless integration of people, processes, and systems consistent with our initial plans to have these activities completed by the end of the fiscal year.  While growth through acquisitions plays a key role in our strategy, we have also demonstrated a willingness to divest businesses that are no longer consistent with our strategic focus and direction. Given our focus on growing our Pet, Coffee, and Snackfood businesses, last month, we announced the signing of a definitive agreement to divest our U.S. Baking business.  The process continues to move forward quickly, and we expect the transaction will close at the end of this month.  As a result, we have updated our full year guidance to reflect the anticipated impact of the divestiture as Mark will discuss in a moment. To achieve these full year expectations, we will capitalize on growth from new product launches, contributions from Ainsworth, and cost reductions while minimizing the potential impacts of inflationary pressures and increased competitive activity. In closing, let me reiterate that we are taking and will continue to evaluate appropriate actions that support our consumer-led strategy to be a food and beverage leader focused on high growth, on-trend categories. Whether through innovation, acquisitions, divestitures, for improving capabilities in execution in key areas, these actions are indicative of the fast pace of change within our company.  We have a strong brand portfolio in great categories and are committed to stepping up investments to deliver growth and strengthen our brands, using cost savings, providing fuel for investments.  Lastly, we have a great team of dedicated employees to execute this strategy and I would like to thank all of them for their continued efforts.  I will now turn the call over to Mark Belgya. 
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I will start with an overview of our first quarter results and then shift to an update on our full year outlook. Adjusted earnings was $1.78 compared to $1.51 in 2018, an increase of 18% primarily reflecting the benefit of tax reform.  Included in this quarter’s EPS was $11million or $0.07 per share unfavorable impact related to adjusting Ainsworth inventory for fair market value at the acquisition date in accordance with purchase accounting rules.  Net sales increased 9% driven by the acquisition of Ainsworth. Excluding Ainsworth, net sales declined $9 million reflecting the exit of certain Gravy Train products. In addition, a 1% impact from lower net price realization was slightly offset by volume mix.  Adjusted gross margin was 36.8%, down 40 basis points compared to the prior year reflecting the Ainsworth inventory adjustment. Excluding this impact, adjusted gross margin increased 20 basis points as a decline in net price realization and increased freight cost were more than offset by lower input costs, most notably for the Coffee business.  SG&A increased $35 million or 10% compared to 2018 due to the addition of Ainsworth. Excluding Ainsworth, SG&A expense was comparable to the prior year as higher margin expense was offset by budget spending disciplines through our Right Spend program.  Factoring in all of this, adjusted operating income increased $15 million or 5% compared to the prior year. Below operating income, interest expense increased $12 million driven by borrowing costs associated with the Ainsworth acquisition.  An effective tax rate of 23.2% was slightly lower than our full year guidance of 24.5% due to a deferred tax benefit related to the Ainsworth acquisition in the first quarter. Our full year tax rate guidance remains unchanged.  Let me turn to the segment-specific results beginning with Coffee. Net sales increased 2%, compared to the prior year driven by double-digit gains for the Dunkin' Donuts, Café Bustelo brands and contributions from 1850 Premium Coffee.  Sales growth for Folgers K-Cup was more than offset by declines for Folgers Roast and Ground canisters, a portion of which was attributable to timing of promotional activities at certain key customers. These activities are now underway in the second quarter and we are already seeing improved results.  Coffee segment profit increased 20% reflecting the benefit of lower green coffee costs and our lower K-Cup cost pursuant to our revised agreement with Keurig. This segment profit growth was achieved despite $13 million or more than 50% increase in margin expense for the quarter. Approximately half of which was in support of the launch of the 1850 brand.  In Consumer Foods, net sales were down 1% compared to the prior year excluding the Baking business, which is pending divestitures net sales were flat. Smucker’s Uncrustables and Sahale Snacks achieved strong sales growth of 33% and 40% respectively in the quarter while sales for Jif, Crisco, and our natural beverage brands declined.  For Jif, it’s primarily related to the timing of merchandizing at a key club customer. We continue to expect Jif to achieve sales growth on a full year basis. Consumer Food segment profit declined 12% compared to the prior year reflecting higher commodity costs, most notably for peanuts, as well as higher freight cost.  Unfavorable volume mix and higher marketing expense also contributed to the segment profit decline in the quarter.  Turning to the Pet Food segment, net sales increased 29% due to the addition of Ainsworth. Excluding Ainsworth, net sales declined 2%. Sales were up in cat food led by gains for the Meow Mix brand. In mainstream dog food, after excluding the impact of the planned SKU rationalization for Gravy Train, sales also increased, driven by gains for Nature’s Recipe.  For our Pet Snacks portfolio, sales declined slightly reflecting the shift in timing for a key merchandizing event. And lastly, within Premium Pet Food, sales declined for the Natural Balance reflecting ongoing softness in the pet specialty channel.  Pet Food segment profit increased 3% compared with the prior year. The profit contribution from Ainsworth was muted in the quarter due to the one-time fair market value adjustment related to the acquired inventory. Excluding Ainsworth, segment profit declined. The net impact of pricing and cost was unfavorable in the quarter as anticipated, but was partially offset by lower marketing expense.  Lastly, in the International and Away From Home segments, net sales declined 1% compared to the prior year reflecting slightly lower net price realization. Segment profit increased 8% as the lower pricing was more than offset by lower input costs. A decrease in marketing expense also contributed.  Looking at cash flow and debt, first quarter free cash flow was $142 million. This represented a $93 million decrease compared to the prior year reflecting an increase in working capital primarily attributable to accounts receivable.  Higher CapEx spending also contributed to decline in free cash flow. We ended the quarter with debt of $6.7 billion and based on a trailing 12 month EBITDA of $1.6 billion, our leverage ratio stands at 4.1 times. We expect to focus on reducing leverage over the next couple of years.  Let me conclude with an update on our full year outlook. As noted in this morning’s press release, we have updated our guidance to reflect the anticipated impact from the U.S. Baking divestiture which we expect to close at the end of this month. We now forecast net sales to approximate $8 billion.  Along with the impact of the Baking divestiture, the reduction from our previous guidance reflects lower than anticipated net sales in the first quarter.  Adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in a range of $8.40 to $8.65, while unchanged, from our original guidance, the current range reflects eight months of foregone profit related to the Baking divestiture, offset by an estimated $25 million, non-cash gain on sale and the benefit from the use of net proceeds from the divestiture.  As it relates to free cash flow, we now project a range of $770 million to $820 million compared to our previous range of $800 million to $850 million. The reduction primarily reflects the foregone profit related to the Baking divestiture. Our estimate for capital expenditures remains $350 million to $370 million for the year. In addition to free cash flow, we anticipate $315 million in proceeds related to the divestiture net of transaction cost and taxes. Assuming net proceeds are used to pay down debt, full year net interest expense would approximate $210 million to $215 million, compared to our original guidance of $220 million.  In closing, let me reiterate Mark’s comments that we are pleased with the start of the fiscal year and while we recognize there is still much to be done, we are confident in our ability to execute on our roadmap as we proceed down the path of transforming our company to ensure sustainable, long-term growth.  We thank you for your time and now we will open the call for your questions. Operator, could you please queue up the first question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Adam Lazar [ph] of Barclays. Your line is now open. 
Andrew Lazar : Good morning everybody.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Andrew. 
Andrew Lazar : I went through a quick name shift there. But it’s still starts in A, so I think we are good. And thanks for the question. I guess, I think one of the potential risks to the full year EPS range that you guys have highlighted before, was really the company’s ability to keep the underlying business roughly flattish on an organic basis outside of the new platform launches and some of the continued growth in things like Uncrustables and in the Premium Coffee side.  And I know the organic part was a bit weaker in fiscal 1Q than you had thought, and it looks like you’re basically flowing through that weakness to the full year. So I guess, I am trying to get a sense of what are the changes going forward that gave you some comfort that there is less additional risk on the organic side for that underlying part of the business as we go through the year?  And as part of that, I think you had said that originally organic was going to be up around two for the full fiscal year. Is that now perhaps closer to around one or so, given what we saw in 1Q? Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Andrew, this is Mark Smucker. I’ll start and I think Mark might have a comment, and the team to provide you more specifics. But, the first thing is, on Folgers specifically, we did plan for it to be down a little bit. It was down more than we would have liked. That said, we do think there is some timing there and some of that will come back.  Likewise, I think in the prepared remarks with Jif, we do believe that the Jif’s core business will be up on a full year basis. So, I think that’s why we still feel confident about that underlying business. And then, just going back to the fact that, our strategy is working, in the sense that, as we execute against whether it be the divestiture, the new launches of innovation, the generation of fuel through our cost savings initiatives, all of those things are doing exactly what they are supposed to be doing.  And so, I think that’s why again, we do have some confidence that that we can continue to particularly deliver our EPS and then shore up the base. 
Mark Belgya: Andrew, it’s Mark Belgya. Just in terms of the question about the organic, it’s probably between zero and one, and again just to remind people that we did have a SKU rationalization program built into that, primarily around Gravy Train that we called out in June as well. But I think if you just sort of think of it from a zero to a plus one versus the original plus two. 
Andrew Lazar : Great. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi. Your line is now open. 
David Driscoll: Hi, great. Thank you. Good morning. 
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Dave. 
David Driscoll: So, two questions. The first one is just on the gain on sales. Mark, can you quantify what the gain on sale is to EPS? And then, normally, we exclude that. So I want to say then that comes out of the guidance because when you reiterated it, none of us have a gain on sale embedded in it. So could you just quantify that on an EPS basis? And then I have a follow-up on the innovation.
Mark Belgya: Yes, so, David, the $25 million I referenced is $0.16 to $0.17 of earnings, and. maybe just to address why we treat it as we did, it’s consistent with the way we treated gain when we sold our Milk business a couple of years ago. You’ve heard me say in terms of non-GAAP, we try to be pretty true to our definition of non-GAAP as we define it each quarter.  And so, we just view the gain on sales sort of falls outside of that non-GAAP adjustment classification. We obviously call it out so you guys can do with what you will. One way to look at it for the current year too, I know there has been some question about why would we include it. It does somewhat offset the profit loss for this year, so while we certainly have to go after it next year and in the out years, it does kind of give us some offsets from an EPS perspective. So, that was our take on that. 
David Driscoll: Thank you for that. And then my question – my second question is just on the innovation. You made a few comments about the good start for 1850. I believe you referenced at 70% ACV, I am not sure if you – I didn’t hear that ACV mentioned for the PowerUps, but just, could you give us a little bit more color on those two important launches?  And what’s the pacing -- what do you expect to see from this? Is it really not going to start to really move on 1850 until we get the advertising campaign going? Just a little color on what the cadence expected for the year on 1850 and Jif PowerUps would be helpful.
Joe Stanziano: Good morning, David. Joe Stanziano here. Let me start, as you heard from both Mark and Mark, I mean, we are very pleased to this point although caution that it is still early on the launch of 1850. We have achieved our stated target distribution of ACV, 70% ACV. We did that in the month of July. That was great. You heard we are selling nearly $1 million per week at retail and that is improving each week which is important. Our broad based marketing program has been running for about six weeks now. So still early in the grand scheme of things. But we are pleased with the consumer reach there. Like any new launch, we are staying very close to the data. We are adjusting as we learn both with our retail customers and with our consumers, but to your point, we are going to need, we need to see more data behind it.  There is some anecdotal data that would say, where we’ve been in distribution for a while, we are getting good repeat on consumers who have aware of the product and have tried it. So, we are going to be very focused on driving trials as much as we can with the consumers in the coming weeks. But, more data will be needed to give you some more analysis on that. 
Tina Floyd: Hi, Dave. It’s Tina. I’ll speak to Jif PowerUps. We achieved about a 60% ACV at the end of the first quarter and the initial response, although it’s early, it’s really, really positive. We are getting great results from a unit per store per week metrics and we are just now starting to turn on our campaign which includes social and digital, TV started last week and we do have a celebrity influence there, Neil Patrick Harris is helping us to get that message out to our consumers.  But we are staying pretty close to it and listening to our consumers and the results so far are very positive. But just consider, we are just not going into the back-to-school timeframe. So, I think over this next quarter, we should see some additional great things come out of PowerUps. But again, we just stay committed to the strategy and just reshaping our portfolio to make sure that we are offering those snacking options. But look forward to PowerUps continuing to do well. 
David Driscoll: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic of SIG. Your line is now open. 
Pablo Zuanic : Hello. Hi, good morning everyone. One for Mark Belgya first and one for Dave Lemmon. So, Mark, in terms of the guidance, you told us $0.16 is a one-off gain, but just remind us what was the loss in terms of EPS from the sale of your Baking unit. It’s only eight months this year.  I think before you had said $0.25 to $0.30 if you can remind us of that. Until we assume that $315 million are pretty much in net proceeds are going to go back to – going to go to share buybacks? That’s for Mark.  And for Dave Lemmon, maybe Mark you want to also answer, it seems to me that the sales guidance cut in terms of organic sales on 2% or zero to one, is mostly due to softness in the Pet Food business. Is that true? And if you can expand in terms of what’s new there that’s guiding to – that’s pointing you to cut guidance there? Thanks. 
Mark Belgya: Thanks, Pablo. Thanks for the questions. In terms of the loss of profit, yes, what we said when we announced the divestiture, we said $0.25 to $0.30 on a full year basis. So, you can sort of pro rata that. And so, if you take the gain on the sale that I mentioned, like, $0.17, if you take, just an assumption that we pay down all the – take the proceeds and pay down debt and then some transitional services income that we are going to generate, it’s pretty much a wash.  It’s pretty negligible loss for the period. So that’s how that played. The question about using the proceeds, as I called out in my scripted comments, if we are going to assume that the debt pay down, we’ve got a lot of flexibility in what we do with that. We’ve obviously done buybacks in the past. That would be something we consider.  But for modeling purposes and what we provided to you guys, we just assume the full amount would be used for the debt pay down. And then, maybe I’ll start and then pitch it back to you guys for any other comment. So the reduction – if I remember your question, reduction was driving the – going from plus to two to a flat of plus one, I called out that the sales shortfall really was sort of across the businesses.  I mean, we called out our Roast and Ground. We are talking about Jif a little bit. But I don’t think I would necessarily say it’s pointed to just past. I don’t know if you guys want to add anything to that. But, hey, more importantly, it’s just how we are going to – I think the question we got end about how we are going to deliver on, and then perhaps Jif which was down. 
Tina Floyd: Yes, this is Tina. I can jump in. I mean, just a reminder for the quarter, if we take Baking out for Consumer, we were flat versus prior year. But specifically for Jif, it’s down for the quarter. However, I am still very confident as we look to the balance of the year. The team is doing an amazing job continuing to work to close those opportunity gaps that we may have.  But keep in mind, we are entering into back-to-school. We have great equity support out there as we speak. We have the launch of Jif PowerUps, a new distribution in place. So we feel really confident with our peanut butter business going forward. 
Pablo Zuanic : Can I ask a quick follow-up to Dave Lemmon, so, just remind us in terms of Nature’s ACV, when are you lapping the rollout into FEM? And then, just some color in terms of the underlying growth in that business and just a more color in terms of the innovation that’s coming through that brand specifically. Thanks. 
Dave Lemmon: Sure, it’s Dave Lemmon, Pablo. Nature’s Recipe, we’ve already lapped the entry of that. So, we are into comp sales, if you will. Nature’s recipe is up 26% on the quarter in consumption. So, we are seeing great consumer takeaway on that brand and I would just add that, although Natural Balance is down and if you back out the Gravy Train exit, we are pretty flat, - pretty much flat on our base business or our legacy business.  And then, APN, Ainsworth is showing significant upside to the year. It’s up 30%, 28% in consumption and it has record shares really 9% during the latest quarter. So, we see a significant upside and just looking to the future, I think that we see this growth continue as we start to see innovation – the innovation cycle in the fourth quarter of this year really help out the brands.  And it’s across all of our brands, but in particular, on snacking where we have – Mark spoke of it, but new innovation coming behind the Milk Bone brand in the engagement space and behind the Nature’s Recipe brand in the Natural Meat space. So, we feel really good about those brands. 
Pablo Zuanic : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel. Your line is now open. 
Chris Growe : Hi, good morning. 
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Chris. 
Mark Belgya: Good morning, Chris. 
Chris Growe : Hi. Just a first question for you if I could, I guess, for Mark Belgya. Do you still expect around $80 million in savings for the year? And I guess, related to that, are you on track for that marketing spend that you outlined for like 1850 and for Jif? Are those sort of on track which you expected based on the first quarter performance? 
Mark Belgya: Yes, so, in terms of the $80 million, we are tracking very well. That was probably actually a little heavily skewed towards the benefit to the Keurig contract, which we said, when like last third quarter. So we are getting that. And then I think I had mentioned in my scripted comments that the Right Spend in our zero-based budgeting program, we’ve actually not only built it into our budgets but we are actually positive to our budget.  So, I would actually say, we are probably tracking ahead of one-fourth of that 80 if you will. And then, yes, the marketing, right now our forecast has not adjusted down marketing partly at all for the year. Some of the marketing that I commented on earlier was just more of a timing in our Pet business more than anything.  But if you look across our business, we are still projecting that $50 million if you will between the $30 million for Coffee and $20 million for PowerUps and then some of the other brands that we commented on in June as well. 
Chris Growe : Okay. So just a question, perhaps for Mark Smucker, the – you obviously undertook this divestiture of the Baking division, it obviously came in with - a roughly low amount of proceeds, but it’s certainly is getting where the business had been really challenged on the top-line. So, I want to understand, in terms of like, this quarter the portfolio shaping, is that – activity likely done, more you could do there and then just any other observations about the price of selling assets, because this multiple was quite low?
Mark Smucker: Yes, I’ll start and anyone else want to chime in. Thanks for the question, Chris. Clearly, just from a strategic standpoint, clearly was as we reshaped our strategy and our business, clearly that was sort of an obvious one. So I think, you guys have asked the question about the Baking business now for a couple of years and you are just basically seeing the fruits of our labor. I think you asked, did you not – are there other opportunities to divest, did you asked that?
Chris Growe : Yes, just to understand – obviously, not the names, if there are – if it’s just how you think about portfolio shaping and the divestiture activity going forward, yes. 
Mark Smucker: Yes, I think, we always will look at our portfolio and as our strategy might shift, we potentially could that. But at this time, I think that we feel pretty good where our portfolio is. Assets that we have are some of the ones that you might be questioning are generating decent cash and so forth. So, I think at this point, we feel very good that we have a relatively focused portfolio that we can really spend our time on and not really dilute our attention in other areas. 
Chris Growe : Okay, thank you very much. 
Mark Smucker: Thanks, Chris. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam - Stephens. Your line is now open. 
Farha Aslam : Hi, good morning. 
Mark Belgya: Hey, Farha. 
Mark Smucker: Good morning. 
Farha Aslam : My question is – hi, on the gross margin line, there is clearly some Coffee tailwind, but – some peanut headwinds and you are offsetting some of that with pricing and promotions. How should we think about that gross margin for the year? 
Mark Belgya: Hey, Farha, it’s Mark Belgya. I think the way I would think about it is, this quarter we were affected by – we were still lapping our freight cost. We took the $11 million charge that hit COGS for the Ainsworth balance sheet adjustment. But, it’s going to be more positive for a couple of reasons. One is, we are going to have our cost synergies that relates to the COGS side of the house and they are going to start kicking in a little bit. Mix is going to play.  So, Tina had mentioned where Jif, traditional peanut butter is going to pick back up. That’s a high margin business for us. So that’s a positive mix play. So, I think the way I would think about is, sort of broad brush is for the next three quarters sort of in the 39% type gross profit versus whatever it was 37% plus this quarter, it’s probably more reflective than this first quarter.  I think that was just for the reasons I mentioned was lower than we would expect the rest of the year end to end.
Farha Aslam : That’s helpful. And my follow-up is on Ainsworth. How is the expansion into the Pet specialty channel going and kind of what kind of organic growth should we look for, for Ainsworth for the year?
Dave Lemmon: Yes, this is Dave Lemmon, Farha. And I would say that the Ainsworth entry into the pet specialty segment is going extremely well. Again, just to ground everyone, growth through the first quarter, we saw consumption grow at 28%, up 26% from our last call. Our share on nutrition nearly sits at 9% and is up 6% from the prior period. Our Snacks, Cat and wet Dog businesses are all high growth areas of the business, all growing at 50% or higher.  And I would just say that finally giving us confidence moving forward is the white space opportunity on the brand. So, as we look at Military Pet Specialty Club and Dollar channel, our cycle of innovation and our cycle of innovation that will be launched late in Q3 of this year. All of this to say is that, the growth in Pet Specialty is not coming at the expense in Milo’s. It’s truly incremental to the brand and I think our shares and our consumption growth shows that. 
Farha Aslam : So, organic growth, roughly for the year on Ainsworth and going forward, how should we think about that brand?
Dave Lemmon: So, we should think about it the way that we feel that the growth at 28% is certainly something that will continue fueled by the white space opportunities and the innovation that I spoke of. 
Farha Aslam : So, that’s a sustainable level, I am just trying to get, is that lacking any kind of gain – like extraordinary gain you expect that Ainsworth brand, the Nutrish brand to grow 28% or kind of annual growth rate?
Dave Lemmon: That’s correct. 
Farha Aslam : Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. 
Jason English : Hey, good morning folks. 
Mark Belgya: Good morning, Jason.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Jason.
Jason English : Jeez, a lots of questions left to ask, but I’ll try to be respectful to your time and maybe just focus on Coffee. First, the sales benefit from pipeline fill behind 1850, Dunkin' canister. I assume that’s the reason that your receivables are elevated. Could you give us any sort of quantification of how much benefit you have this quarter?
Mark Belgya: Jason, this is Mark Belgya. Let me address the AR and then I’ll let Joe address the Coffee. It actually was – that was part of it, but it was broader than that. If you just look at the way sales fell in the quarter versus a year ago, there was just more sales dollars in the third month, July, if you will of this year versus a year ago. So, our days sales are trending quite well, just more the mechanics of when the sales actually occurred within the 90 days of the quarter. 
Jason English : So, you feel that your net sales are reflective of consumption and if so, why aren’t we seeing that in the Nielsen data? Where is the strength?
Mark Belgya: No, that’s not what I was saying. What I was just trying to explain is why our AR balance is up. So it was just more than reflected…
Jason English : Oh, got it, got it. 
Mark Belgya: Yes, yes. 
Joe Stanziano: Jason it’s Joe. I’ll talk about 1850, obviously, yes, we’ve filled the pipeline, got that distribution up. What we are looking at is that, weekly velocity of that just under $1 million number we quoted. We have to continue to work on improving that, looking at velocities, account-by-account to ensure that we are getting up to the place we need to be.  So, we anticipate, especially as we come into the higher coffee consumption period in the fall that we’ll continue to see that elevate. Dunkin’ canister distribution is still relatively low. I mean, it’s about 30% ACV. So I wouldn’t say it’s a broad distribution and I think those numbers are fairly small as fair as the fell. But again, early, seeing good movement on that as well. 
Jason English : Okay. So, there is no quantification of pipeline fill on sales, is that right?
Mark Belgya: We are not calling a number out, Jason. It’s Mark again. But it was a contributor, but, I would say that, the other areas that we called up with Estella and Dunkin, K-Cup and that drove more the overall dollars to increase the quarter. Hope they clearly added to it. 
Jason English : Okay. And I know you guys were looking for price in Coffee to be sort of net neutral in the back half of the year. But I think I heard rhetoric of higher trade spend coming to help sort of support Folgers. Should we now be expecting that price realization to be a bit deflationary, and if so, has your cost outlook changed? I know Coffee cost is kind of continuing to drift lower. Are you still looking for a net neutral position on cost? 
Mark Belgya: Let me comment on the cost side and then I’ll let Joe comment on the price side. So, you are right. I mean, green coffee cost continue to trend downward, I think it was stated before wrap it within a dollar. So we do anticipate ongoing favorable costs. So that would be by far the most significant positive cost trend.  If you look across other parts of the business, similar to what I said in June, we are still seeing unfavorable cost in both Pet and in Consumer across a whole host of both raw materials and packaging performances along with freight. But in terms of the pricing, I’ll let Joe speak to that. 
Joe Stanziano: Yes, I mean, I think, we continue to see those out futures drop a little bit, but from our perspective again, we’ve talked about – we are feeling much better with our cost price alignment. Our trade strategy and our promotional pricing is in really good shape for Q2 and Q3. We’ve got really strong merchandizing support lined up and we feel as we look through the rest of the fiscal year, we feel we are in a good spot with our pricing. 
Jason English : Okay. Thanks guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. 
Rob Dickerson : Great. Thank you. My first question – I guess, is just to really clarify, maybe I’m just not did I go with math sometimes the case. So, in your revised guidance, right, the top-line comes down a bit and I thought you said, Mark Belgya, the one-time gain is pretty much a wash with the loss with the lost earnings.  So, I am just curious, is the offset then just a slightly lower interest or is that your sales are coming down a bit and we can just say while the gain is offsetting the lost earnings on Baking, then, how do we just get to a flat earnings?
Mark Belgya: Yes, let me just again walk through the components of the divestiture. So, we got the lost profit that we commented on. We’ve got the gain. We’ve got some income that will come from, we are going to provide some services and the transitional period and then assume pay down of debt to lower interest. So if you net all those components together, it’s basically a wash on EPS in totality.  I think where you are seeing some of the profit – the ability to maintain our original guidance despite the decrease in sales is that, it really comes from cost savings. So, some of – we mentioned on some of the raw materials side, we still anticipate favorable spending against our Right Spend program. Some of those costs are simply discretionary spending.  So, we will take a hard look at. But we expect that to be positive throughout the year. So, if those components that I would say are offsetting the slight decline in our top-line estimate. 
Rob Dickerson : Okay, fair enough. And then, so, in terms of – I think you said last quarter, for the year, the expectation was for Consumer profit to be flat to down slightly and then also SG&A would be up mid to high-single-digit ex Ainsworth. Are those two guides still in place?
Mark Belgya: Yes, I’d say that there is no change on the SG&A side. I mean, there might be some tweaking if we do end up with but favor on the spending, but because marketing is relatively unchanged at this point, and that would be the biggest driver for the increase, that’s true. The other reasons that drove the increase some of the leveling out of the compensation, things like that I mentioned in June are still intact.  So, and then, on the Consumer, I think that’s probably right. I’d say the only risk there and maybe to Pet is that, freight is probably projecting a little bit worse. I don’t think any of the other underlying input costs are too much different from what we thought two months ago, but freight is probably still a little more challenging than we would have thought two months ago. 
Rob Dickerson : Okay, and then just lastly, sales for the year. I know there are lot of moving parts with respect to pricing volume, launches, what have you, but, just simplistically, as we look out into Q2, I know, you may not be giving quarterly guidance, but just – how should we think about this acceleration so to speak for the year, given in total Q1was – or it was down 50 BPS.  You kind of pointed zero to one. So there is obviously an improvement baked in, but your comparison is lot more difficult. So - and pricing might be a bit more challenged. It sounds like there is an expectation for volume to essentially kick up as we go through the year. Is that right?
Mark Belgya: Yes, I think that’s right and I think we said, we would expect shifts again because of more of a timing thing, so we should see some of that coming through the back three quarters. We’ve talked about – what our trade spend support on Roast and Ground.  We should see improvement. You are going to see more of the ongoing benefit of our introductions. We are going to have the Pet introductions coming here at the beginning of calendar 2019. So those are all sort of factoring in. So there is a little bit of an acceleration I think versus what we had in Q1. 
Rob Dickerson : Super. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. 
Robert Moskow : Hi, thank you. I guess, just taking a step back, what kind of surprises me in the numbers is to see pricing down for the company in the quarter and that’s kind of a sequential deceleration in the trend and the whole commentary on packaged foods is that, pricing should be moving at a positive direction, because a lot of companies are finally getting some price increases pushed through.  Have you had some success, I guess, getting some pricing push through to retailers? And I think, I’ve heard you say that in the past, and if so, why isn’t it showing up in the numbers yet? Thanks. 
Mark Smucker: Rob, it’s Mark Smucker. I’ll start. So, a couple things. First of all, just as you look across, we have had some success in moving on price where we need to most recently in Pet and so we have been able to pass along pricing and that’s particularly in a category that as you know in some of those areas we are not the leader. So, the fact that we’ve been able to get pricing through in Pet I think is an indicator, a positive one.  But as you look at Coffee and peanut butter specifically which are two of our larger categories, Coffee, we – it’s still deflationary. I mean, we are seeing some of the lowest Coffee costs that’s approximately 10 years. I mean, since we’ve been in the business, we’ve never seen coffee cost as low. And so, given where our hedging position is, we will continue to enjoy those lower costs.  They haven’t crossed as you may assume another threshold that would indicate a hard list price change. That’s why you are seeing us reinvest some of the benefit in trade. And then in peanut butter, we had taken a pricing action probably about a year ago and so, again, although we are seeing some inflation in peanuts, our cost – our actual costs have not crossed a threshold that would trigger us to move on price.  So, that’s sort of, I think our business given the commodities and underlying cost is probably a little bit unique compared to the industry just given which of those commodities that we are trading in and when and how we’ve taken price over the last year or so. 
Mark Belgya: Yes. Hey, Rob, it’s Mark Belgya. Just to sort of add to Mark’s comment, Crisco for example, the oil market is continuing to be fairly flat to down and we took a price decline and that had a pretty significant impact. When you just look at the overall net impact on the price for the company. So, but, again it kind of underscores Mark’s commentary around the commodity nature. 
Dave Lemmon: Hey, Rob. This is Dave Lemmon. Just to comment a little bit more on Pet. We did take price on select items within our snacks portfolio late in Q1 due to higher input costs that we were not able to recover. And also we took price, if you remember, late in Q3, early Q4 on Natural Balance from last fiscal. So, there is two examples that we are able to get pricing through.  And as you know, it’s not getting any easier. It’s getting more and more difficult to get pricing through saying that we’ve been able to pass along pricing so long as it’s cost justified, so.
Robert Moskow : So, the plan then for the year is pricing will probably be a negative for the year, but gross profit dollars can still be up because of the commodity direction. Is that fair?
Dave Lemmon: Yes, that’s fair. Yes.
Robert Moskow : Okay. All right. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the conference call back over to Mark Smucker. 
Mark Smucker: Well, just again, thank you for your time today for joining us. We appreciate and we look forward seeing many of you in Boston in a couple of weeks and then we have our Investor Day in New York on October 9th.  So, we look forward to all of that. And just – I would just close by saying that, we are very pleased with our results for the quarter and the fact that our strategy continues to yield results. And so, again, thank you and we will see you all soon. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-06-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Broholm - VP, IR Mark Smucker - President and CEO Mark Belgya - Vice Chair and CFO Joe Stanziano - Senior Vice President and General Manager, Coffee  Dave Lemmon - President, Canada and International and U.S. Away From Home Barry Dunaway - President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks Tina Floyd - Senior Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Foods
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Chris Growe - Stifel David Driscoll - Citi Kenneth Goldman - JPMorgan Alexia Howard - Bernstein Pablo Zuanic - SIG Scott Mushkin - Wolfe Research Farha Aslam - Stephens Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Jason English - Goldman Sachs John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Pamela Kaufman - Morgan Stanley Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Brian Holland - Consumer Edge Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2018 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers after the prepared remarks. Please limit yourself to two questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you have additional questions. I will now turn the conference call over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning and thank you for joining us on our fiscal 2018 fourth quarter earnings conference call. Mark Smucker, President and CEO; and Mark Belgya, Vice Chair and CFO will provide our prepared comments. Also participating in the Q&A are Joe Stanziano, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Coffee; Tina Floyd, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Foods; Barry Dunaway, President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks; and Dave Lemmon, President, Canada, International and U.S. Away From Home. As previously announced, Dave will be assuming the role of President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks later this month in advance Barry’s retirement from the company in July.  During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the Company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning's press release which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the Company uses non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally as detailed in the press release. We have posted to our website a supplementary slide deck, summarizing the quarterly results, our fiscal 2018 outlook, and information about recent new product launches. The slides can be accessed through the link to the webcast of this call and will be archived on our website along with a replay of this call. If you have additional questions after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over the Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. This morning, I will begin by discussing our fourth quarter results and then transition to an update on the progress we’ve made over the past year on our strategic road map which will segway into Mark Belgya’s discussion of our fiscal 2019 outlook. We established our strategic road map to define a clear path to delivering on our three key financial priorities: Growing the top-line; Achieving significant cost savings; and delivering earnings per share growth in line with our stated long-term objective.  As we reported in our earnings release this morning, both industry wide factors and certain discrete events impacted progress in delivering against these financial priorities in the fourth quarter.  While performance under delivered for the quarter, we remain steadfast that the actions we are taking position us to deliver against each of these priorities and will create long-term shareholder value that outpaces our peers. In fact, we are seeing improved trends in the first quarter. Fourth quarter net sales and adjusted earnings per share were below our projections, primarily driven by results in the coffee and pet businesses due to a few factors. First, trade spend in the quarter was higher than planned, most notably for Folgers' roast and ground coffee in response to competitive activity. While elevated trade support will continue as a lever to manage price, we are making progress toward aligning our coffee portfolio with the industry by increasing our presence in both premium and one-cup coffee. To this point, sales for both Dunkin' Donuts and Café Bustelo grew 11% this year as the brands crossed the $550 million and $150 million thresholds respectively in annual net sales.  Second, initial customer demand for our 1850 and Dunkin' Donuts canister launches was even stronger than expected. As a result, we incurred greater than forecasted operating and introductory costs in response to a broader than anticipated launch. While these incremental costs were incurred in the fourth quarter, the majority of initial customer shipments are occurring in this quarter, the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Additional factors that impacted the quarter that were not in our most recent guidance included: pet food recall charges, and financing costs associated with the Ainsworth acquisition. Also freight expense, although anticipated to be higher, exceeded our projections by approximately $5 million. However, despite these headwinds, we delivered stronger than anticipated free cash flow for the quarter and the full year.  While not reflected in the fourth quarter financial performance the recent actions we've taken towards transforming our business are indicative of a new pace of change and sense of urgency within our company. They validate that we are focusing on those areas where we can win, realigning our portfolio to higher growth areas and on trend categories. Consider the following recent highlights. We appointed new leadership in all our strategic business areas, we created centers of excellence to ensure a relentless focus on consumer needs and improving our speed to market. We brought to market two of our most important innovations in recent years, 1850 premium coffee and Jif PowerUps snacks. We bolstered our premium pet food offerings with the acquisition of Ainsworth, which adds the fast-growing Rachael Ray Nutrish brand to the right segment of our portfolio. We moved forward aggressively with plans to explore a divestiture of a non-strategic asset our U.S. baking business. We've recently communicated with employees, our intention to consolidate our West Coast pet food offices into our Orville corporate location to manage our largest business seamlessly with our centers of excellence. We enhanced our partnership with Keurig to be more competitive in the market and open the door to expand the distribution and finally, we launched RIGHT SPEND, our zero-based budgeting program at the beginning of fiscal 2019.  These actions are significant and directly aligned with our consumer led strategy to be a food and beverage leader focused on high growth on some categories. These actions are also proved that we are moving faster in order to deliver growth and strengthen our financial performance. Further, they deliver on the four pillars of our strategic roadmap, innovation, investments, cost savings, and acquisitions.  Let me briefly touch on each area. I'll start with innovation where products introduced in the past 3 years delivered nearly $500 million or 7% of fiscal 2018 net sales. As we began 2019, initial read on the introduction of our 1850 premium coffee brand are strong. The product which was developed through our new approach innovation tested well with not only traditional Folgers drinkers but also a younger generation of consumers who prefer Folgers Coffee blend Plan.  The initial 1850 launch spans 17 SKUs and retail interest has been strong with customer acceptance rate and a number of shell facing exceeding our expectations. To drive consumer awareness, we developed a comprehensive PR and marketing program, which is just getting underway. We are very encouraged with the reactions of the launch and initial product shipments will continue throughout the first quarter. We expect 1850 to be a growth platform for years to come.  We are similarly optimistic about Jif PowerUps, our new line snack bars and peanut butter clusters that began shipping in May. This on trend product extends the power of the Jif brand into the fast-growing snacking category, well tapping continued interest in protein-based snacks. Live 1850, we are supporting the launch of Jif PowerUps with significant retailer and consumer investment including an integrated PR and marketing campaign with a celebrating endorsement. We view these investments as essential to success for a launch of this magnitude.  In pet, recent product introductions include pepperoni jerky base and new varieties of Milo’s kitchen premium dog treats with real meat as the number one ingredient, these items expand our presence in a natural meat snack category, which has grown 15% over the past 52 weeks. Late this fiscal year, we look forward to new launches that will expand the reach of our iconic Milk-Bone brand into key pet snack segment. All of these innovations underscore our commitment to adapting to market trends. We recognize these efforts will be essential to compete in our dynamic industry.  Turning to the second pillar of the roadmap, which is investment. Momentum for the Smucker’s Uncrustables brand remain strong with company-wide sales up 15% this year marking the 4th consecutive year of double-digit growth. In 2018, the brand surpassed the $250 million level in annual net sales as we produce until more than 500 million sandwiches over the course of the year. With construction of our new facility in Longmont, Colorado on track for completion in fiscal 2020, this will provide capacity to further accelerate growth as we expect to double net sales for Uncrustables to more than $500 million over the next 5 years. We are now more than a year into the grocery and mass channel rollout of our Nature’s Recipe premium dog food brand and we continue to see a positive response and good momentum. Net sales for the brand were up 20% in the fourth quarter, even while lapping the prior year launch and up 33% on a full year basis. In addition, consumer takeaway for our mainstream dog food brands continues to significantly outperform the overall dry dog food category. This growth occurred despite increased competitive activity in the mass premium space. We expect Nature’s Recipe will serve as a strong complement to the newly acquired Nutrish brand, which I will discuss in a moment. We are also a year into the launch of the Jif brand in Canada and the brand has quickly gained share in the peanut butter market. This contributed to company-wide sales for Jif growing 3% for the year.  Lastly on the topic of investment, e-commerce remained a significant area of strategic focus. While still a small base with just over 2% of 2018 US retail sales coming from the e-commerce channel, sales were up 71% this year with pet food brands up 64% and coffee sales in the channel more than doubling.  We continue to expect 5% of our net sales will come from the pure play e-commerce channel by fiscal 2020 and an even greater percentage when factoring in click and collect models. As you can see in addition to supporting innovation, we will also increase investment in several of our core brands. These investments are essential to support growth and the long-term health of our brands.  The third pillar of our strategic roadmap is generating cost savings to provide the fuel for investments in topline growth and margin protection and expansion. In 2018, we’ve realized our $200 million pet food synergy target while continuing to make progress on our other cost savings programs. This included our new K-Cup which has led to improved economics, increased distribution and additional SKUs.  As a result, net sales for our US K-Cup portfolio grew 11% for the year with Dunkin Doughnuts and Café Bustelo K-Cups both up over 20%. Due to the improved profitability of K-Cups, margins are now consistent across all of our coffee segments which is critical given our strategic focus on growing our premium and one cup segments. For fiscal 2019, we have implemented RIGHT SPEND to strengthen cost discipline throughout the organization and deliver a portion of the overall fiscal 2019 savings. By the end of the fiscal year, we will also relocate our pet food offices in both San Francisco and Burbank to our corporate offices in Orrville, furthering collaboration and enhanced agility while improving cost efficiency.  The final pillar of our strategic roadmap is acquisitions. Last month, we completed the Ainsworth transaction and welcomed a very talented team to the Smucker family. We are extremely excited to add Rachael Ray Nutrish, a high growth premium brand that has been a catalyst in transforming the dog food category in grocery and mass channels.  With distribution expansion opportunities and significant growth prospects in cat food and pet snacks, the addition of Nutrish will accelerate growth in our pet business. While the deal closed less than a month ago, we are already progressing towards a seamless integration of people, processes and systems into our pet business by the end of the fiscal year. While growth through acquisitions plays a key role in our strategy, we have also demonstrated a willingness to divest businesses that are no longer consistent with our strategic focus and direction. Given our focus on growing our coffee, pet and snack food businesses in April of this year we announced our intent to explore our divestiture of our US baking brand and business. We are moving forward in the process and anticipate providing future updates in the coming months. Fiscal 2019 will be a year of continued transformation and growth. As I mentioned, stepped up investments in our brands and innovation are imperative to adapting to market trends. Although for 2019, a significant portion is in support of our innovation launches, we expect to sustain these increased investments and consumer marketing in future years. Through cost savings programs and the benefit of U.S. tax reform, we have the resources to compete responsibly while at the same time increase fiscal 2019 adjusted earnings per share by 6% to 9%.  And wrapping up, here are a few thoughts, we hope you took away from my comments. While we are not satisfied with our fourth quarter performance, we are positioned for long-term success and some of the best food categories coffee, pet food, peanut butter, snacking. We have a strong mix of leading iconic brands and emerging on-trend brands as evidenced by full year 2018 sales growth for Smucker’s, Jif, Milk-Bone, Dunkin’ Donuts, Café Bustelo, Smucker’s Uncrustables and Nature’s Recipe, which underscores our ability to react to and capitalize on changing consumer needs.  We are taking and will continue to evaluate appropriate actions to align our portfolio to grow whether through innovation, acquisitions, divestitures or improving capabilities and execution in key areas.  And finally, our cost savings initiatives along with benefits of income tax reform allow us to mitigate headwinds in certain parts of our businesses and provide fuel to invest in our brands and our resources.  Let me close my comments by thanking all of our employees for their efforts this past year and their continued dedication as we move forward. We are confident we have the right team in place to deliver long-term growth and shareholder value. We recognize that there is still more work to do as part of our company transformation. We also know that we can’t stand still and we’ll continue to adapt to changes in our industry and consumer preferences. We look forward to providing future updates at an Investor Day in New York City on October 9th as our talented leadership team will share more details on the strategic roadmap for their respective businesses.  I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Mark. Good morning everyone. I will start with an overview of fourth quarter results and 2018 cash flow performance and then shift to providing additional color on our outlook for fiscal 2019. GAAP earnings per share was $1.64 in the quarter, compared to $0.96 in the prior year. The increase primarily reflected a favorable change in unallocated derivative gains and losses in the current year along with the prior year including $0.34 impairment charge. Excluding these items and reflecting other non-GAAP adjustments summarized in this morning’s press release, fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share was $1.93 compared to a $1.80 in 2017 an increase of 7%. Included in this quarter’s adjusted EPS were combined cost of approximately $50 million or $0.10 per share associated with pet product recalls and acquisition financings which were not reflected in our most recent guidance.  Net sales were flat compared to the prior year as higher net price realization contributing one percentage point to net sales growth was offset by lower volume mix. Adjusted gross profit increased $6 million or 1% as the net benefit of higher pricing and lower cost more than offset the profit impact of lower volume mix.  Adjusted gross margin was 37.9% in the fourth quarter, up 40 basis points compared to the prior year. However, this was below our projection due to less net price realization than anticipated and higher freight cost. While cost for the 1850 and Dunkin Doughnut cannister launches also exceeded our previous forecast, initial volume expectations have increased. SG&A decreased $7 million in the fourth quarter or 2% compared to 2017 driven by lower corporate administrative expenses primarily reflecting a reduction in incentive compensation cost and ongoing budget management. This was partially offset by a charge related to pet food product recalls. For the year, corporate administrative expenses decreased $30 million or 9%. Factoring in all of this, adjusted operating income increased $10 million or 3% compared to the prior year which included a $4 million gain on divestiture.  Adjusted operating margin increased 60 basis points to 19.6%. Below low operating income interest expense increased primarily due to non-capitalized financing cost associated with the Ainsworth acquisition. The higher interest expense and a $3 million unfavorable change in other income were more than offset by a lower tax rate which decreased from 31.8% last year to 29.6% this quarter.  Lastly, the current quarter results benefitted from a 1% reduction in weighted average shares outstanding reflecting shares repurchased in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017.  Let me turn to the segment specific results beginning with coffee. Net sales were flat in the prior year as the 4% increase from volume mix reflecting gains across all our coffee brands was offset by lower net price realization.  Sales for the Dunkin doughnuts brand increased 8% on strong K-Cup performance, an increase in promotional spending needed to improve competitive positioning for Folgers Roast & Ground Coffee drove a 2% net sales decline for that brand. Cafe Bustelo also declined 2% in the quarter primarily due to the timing of shipments to a large club customer.  Coffee segment profiting increased 4% due to favorable volume mix and lower input cost which more than offset the reduction in price realization and a significant increase in marketing expense in nearly 20% for the quarter. Segment profit margin of 30.7% represented 110 basis points increase over the prior year but was below our expectations for the fourth quarter due to the higher than planned levels of trade spend and product launch cost. For 2019, we project full year coffee segment profit growth in the mid-single digits which will be heavily weighted towards the first half of fiscal year. This will be driven by the full year benefit of lower green coffee cost in our revised K-Cup contracts. These cost savings will be partially offset by an estimated $30 million investment to support our 1850 launch and an increase in marketing support behind Dunkin Doughnuts and Café Bustelo.  A consumer foods net sale were down 2% compared to the prior year, due to declines in the oils and baking categories. Excluding these two categories, net sales were up 1%. And overall volume mix decline of 8% in this segment reflected the impact of higher pricing in several categories with net price realization up 6%.  Sales for the Smucker’s brand were up 9% reflecting growth in both Uncrustables Frozen Sandwiches and Fruit Spreads. For the Jif brand, while consumer takeaway was up in the latest 12-week period net sales declined 3% due to the timing of peanut butter shipments in a strong prior year comp. Sales for the Crisco and Pillsbury brands also declined in the quarter.  As we move into fiscal 2019, we have taken strategic actions to improve the everyday price points for Crisco. Consumer Foods segment profit increased 5% compared to the prior year despite the profit impact associated with the lower volume mix and higher freight costs. Profit growth continues to reflect successful execution of our pricing strategies. For 2019, we project full year consumer foods segment profit to be flat to down slightly prior to any impact of potential divestiture of our baking business. This reflects an estimated $20 million investment to support Jif PowerUps launch and an incremental $7 million of cost associated with our Longmont facility. Turning to the pet food segment, net sales were flat compared to the prior year, a slight increase in net price realization was offset by lower volume mix. Sales for our mainstream dog food brands were flat as 20% growth for Nature’s Recipe and 6% growth for Kibbles ’n Bits were offset by declines for Gravy Train due to the product recall and planned as SKU rationalization. Cat food sales increased 3% driven by growth for the 9Lives brand while pet snacks decreased 1%. Lastly within premium pet food sales for the Natural Balance brand decreased 5%, primarily due to softness in the pet specialty channel. Pet foods segment profit decreased 13% compared to the prior year. Nearly one half of this decline was attributable to the product recall costs in the quarter. In addition, higher commodity and freight costs were not fully offset by the higher price realization. While, we expect this price to cost relationship to continue in fiscal 2019 overall pet food segment profit is expected to increase approximately 20% compared to the prior year reflecting the addition of Ainsworth.  Lastly in the international and Away From Home segment net sales increased 2%, compared to the prior year driven by foreign currency exchange. Segment profit also increased 2% despite the prior year including a $4 million gain on the sale of our minority interest in Seamild. Excluding this item, segment profit increased 11% lower input costs, decrease in marketing expense and foreign currency exchange all contributing. Let me now turn to an overview of cash and debt. Fourth quarter free cash flow is $203 million bringing the full year total to $896 million, a 3% increase compared to the prior year. This surpassed our fiscal 2018 updated guidance of $825 million as lower than projected working capital more than offset capital expenditures which came in at $322 million.  We ended the year with debt of $4.8 billion based on 2018 EBITDA of 1.6 billion, our leverage ratio stood at three times as of April 30th. On May 14th, we drew $1.5 billion on a new term loan and issued $400 million of commercial paper to fund the closing of the Ainsworth transaction. This increased our leverage to approximately four times.  The company has no required debt maturities coming due this fiscal year and we expect to focus on reducing leverage closer to three times over the next couple of years.  Let me now provide additional color on our outlook for fiscal 2019. This guidance includes projected contributions from the recently acquired Ainsworth business but excludes any impact from a potential divestiture of our US baking in business. Big picture, we expect net sales to increase approximately 13% to $8.3 million driven by the addition of the Ainsworth business. Excluding Ainsworth, sales are expected to be up 2% reflecting the launch of 1850 engine PowerUps.  There is a 1% negative impact due to planned SKU rationalization most notably in our pet segment. From an earnings perspective, we expect to deliver EPS growth of 6 to 9% as the benefit of continued cost savings and incremental tax reform more than offset a significant increase in brand support and cost inflation.  Overall commodity costs are projected to be higher with lower coffee cost expected to be offset by increases across a number of our key commodities and other raw materials including peanuts, protein and packaging. The pet segment will be most impacted with consumer foods also facing a net increase in cost. In addition, the freight headwind that impacted this in the last six months of fiscal 2018 is expected to continue into this year.  SG&A expenses are expected to increase over 20% compared to the prior year mostly attributable to the addition of Ainsworth. Excluding the acquisition, SG&A will be up mid to high single digits reflecting a substantial increase in marketing most notably approximately $50 million in support of 1850 and Jif PowerUps launches and also cost associated with the construction of our Uncrustables facility in Colorado.  With fixed incremental months of improved K-Cup manufacturing cost and additional cost reduction initiatives, we projected incremental $80 million will be realized in fiscal 2019 related to our $250 million cost management program. Along with the $100 million we achieved in 2018, this would bring our accumulative total to a $180 million in annual cost savings with the remaining expected to be realized in 2020.  Below operating income, we expect interest approximately $220 million with the year-over-year increase reflecting borrowings to finance the Ainsworth acquisition and an overall higher interest rate environment. We now project an effective tax rate of approximately 24.5%. This compares to our initial 2019 guidance of 23% primarily reflecting higher state income taxes. Lastly our guidance reflects weighted average share count of 113.6 million based on current shares outstanding.  As a result of all these factors, we’re projecting adjusted EPS to be in the range of $8.40 to $8.65. We project free cash flow will be approximately 800 to $850 million from CapEx expected to total somewhere between 350 million and 370 million including a $100 million related to the Uncrustables production facility. Other key assumptions effecting cash flow include depreciation and amortization expenses of approximately 220 and 250 million respectively including an estimate for Ainsworth amortizable intangible assets.  Share based compensation expense of $20 million and lastly one-time cost of $60 million which are mostly cash related including approximately $30 million of cost associated with the Ainsworth acquisition and the remainder primarily associated with our organization optimization including the closure of certain offices.  As you can see the actions we’re taking to transform our company are enabling us to deliver against our financial priorities and growing the top-line, achieving significant cost savings and delivering earnings per share growth in line with our stated long-term objective.  We’re encouraged by the progress being made on our strategic roadmap but recognize, they’re still much to be done and we’re proceeding with the tens of urgency to deliver long-term growth and enhance shareholder value.  Thank you for your time and we’ll now open the call up to your questions. Operator, if you please queue up the first question. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar : So, two quick things. One would be, just first Mark, you mentioned your expectation for EPS growth in fiscal ’19, obviously given cost saves and the tax benefits and some deal accretion. Given all of the activity, you’ve got to this year around innovation and some of the big platforms that you are bringing to market. And I know you’re spending more against some as you’ve talked about. But I guess, is this a year, where you feel as though that’s enough or do you feel limited all I guess by the desire to show EPS growth in a year where maybe even more spending behind some of these platforms is better. So, I guess, I’m trying to get a sense of, I guess, do you feel like you’ve got enough behind these innovations or you’re limiting yourself, just, because of the desire to show obviously EPS growth? That will be the first one.
Mark Belgya: Andrew, I’ll start, this is Mark Belgya and actually Mark Smucker will finish. Good morning. So, a great question and we appreciate the question. Obviously, there is a lot going on, I think, one of points that we [want] have made and will continue to make throughout the course of the morning and into the future is that, we are very excited about these two particular innovation launches. There are two of them, the biggest that we had in the company’s history. We’ve learned over the years that if you don’t support launches of this size, they will not maximize the potential. So, and speaking on behalf of the team here I think we feel comfortable that the dollars we have behind those launches are adequate to achieve success in year one. And again reinforce, this is platform growth. So, there will be more to come behind these particular launches in coming years.  At the same time, we’re also comfortable that brands like, our growth [drinks] like Dunkin’ Uncrustables, Bustelo and we’ve also stepped up to spend behind those appropriately. And so, feel, that what is amounting to about $80 million to $85 million total marketing increase over last year on the business excluding Ainsworth is sufficient. We are fortunate to be a beneficiary of U.S. tax reform and the good work that our teams have done around cost savings that allow us to do that. So, there is a lot of headwinds out there, a lot of uncertainties. But we feel that, we’re adequately investing and our guidance range is capturing sort of all our thoughts around where costs are added, where pricing maybe headed, where tariffs might be headed and then the like
Andrew Lazar : Got it. Okay. Thanks for that. 
Mark Smucker: Yes. Andrew, if I could. This is Mark Smucker. Just a couple of things, I think, I repeated myself a lot in the script. But wanted to just 2 key points. The first is really want you guys to take away from the discussion today that’s we’ve made a lot of progress in terms of realigning our portfolio to the growth segments. As you know we’ve got more work to do and at the end of the day we are executing our strategy. But as it relates specifically to marketing, if you look at our marketing investment in our consumer marketing over the last decade or so, you will see that we have actually eroded our marketing spend to the tune of about $80 million and that is simply not acceptable. And so, as a result of that erosion and yes some of it is going to trade, but as a result of that erosion we have made choices in the particular years about supporting core brands versus innovation and we’ve got to ensure that we are supporting our brands for the long term where we will watch the health of those brands deteriorate. And so, if you think about the launch of Nature’s Recipe year and a half ago we’ve spent significantly behind that launch. Similarly, with these innovations and with any innovation we’ve got to commit to the support and then overtime that significant investment would shift to other innovations and we would see you know the second or third year after our launch we would see support come down to those launches at some maintenance level and that would continue to support.  So, we’ve got to make sure that if you look at our marketing as a percent of net sales, we need to be more in line with the rest of the industry in terms of what we’re supporting both our new products or new brands as well as our core business. So that really is a key message going forward. 
Andrew Lazar : Great. I’ll leave it there. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Chris Growe : Thank you. I just want to ask in relation to your guidance you gave and we talked about fiscal ’19 we know really grow above your long-term growth algorithm with other cost, the cost savings coming through with the tax savings coming through. What is it that ultimately lead you to growth rate more in line with if you will, roughly in line with your long-term range. Is it the marketing, is it the trade promotion, I think you clearly contemplated some of these incremental launches? Just curious what could have led to a weaker outlook for fiscal ’19 EPS?
Mark Belgya: Well, Chris this is Mark Belgya. Let me just try to frame it in for those of you on the phone. So, if you kind of work off of where you guys are at TheStreet generally. I think the first thing is we’re obviously starting at lower base but beyond that as I noticed we’re taking our tax rate down to about 1.5 from original, most of that driven by state taxes, the Ainsworth acquisition, the footprint we have is driving a little bit of that. That’s about $0.15 of earnings and then if you, I guess if you just flip back to some of the commentary from CAGNY, I think that we had called out a market increase somewhere in the mid-teens which probably equated to around a mid-$65 million number as I just said we’re more in the 85 million. So that’s another 20 million if you would, our savings are, our cost programs are a little shy, we probably come in at closer to 100 million, we’re still going to go after but for now our guidance is reflecting around 80 million so there is another 20 million.  Clearly, we’ve got some additional cost in our construction of our Longmont facility. as I mentioned it's about 7 million and then we also have the incremental freight cost facing this year particularly in the first half of the year. So those four or five items are key drivers that take down sort of where the street sits down to the range that we’ve just discussed. 
Chris Growe : And just thank you for that Mark. So just one of the follow-up is Ainsworth is accretive in fiscal ’19. As you said how much accretion you expect from that transaction?
Mark Belgya: Yes. Chris, what we said is, we announced transaction we said about $0.25 accretive net of interest and so forth and basically, we’re right on that target.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is now open.
David Driscoll: So, Mark Smucker, this question is for you. It’s a little bit of a tough one, but your stock has indicated down quite substantially, so I’m going to be pretty straight forward. In the release, you say, you’re confident in delivering on the objectives. But you do have a big fourth quarter miss and guidance is well off versus the company’s CAGNY comments, which was just at the end of February. And this 8% EPS growth, you made I think some very compelling comments about what you’ve done to reshape the portfolio. But I honestly think the debate today is whether Smucker’s and the other CPG companies have the ability to take pricing to offset inflation and the fourth quarter results really call this in to question. So, kind of really directly Mark and really, you’re speaking all these investors now is given the way the stock is in act, why are you confident? And can’t Smucker’s take the necessary price actions?
Mark Smucker: So, thanks for the question David. So first of all, the first thing, I would remind everyone is that as you know, we’ve been in business for 121 years, we managed it for the long-term and we’ve over, although we haven’t done this over the last 3 years or so we have over delivered in terms of shareholder return. But in order to continue to do that in this environment as you know and as we’ve talked over the last year or so these changes are necessary in order to position ourselves for long-term growth. And so are confidence is bolstered by the fact that everywhere that we’ve invested in our portfolio, if you go back to my prepared comments, every brand that we’ve invested and has grown. Yes, we’ve had some drag from the oils and baking business part of that is because we consciously chose to back off on investment. And so, where we are focused, there is no question that we’re actually seeing results.  As it relates to pricing, we still feel confident and we’ve demonstrated that we can get pricing through particularly where we have leading brands, there are a few areas where we’re not the leading the brand, but we do tend to follow. But for the vast majority of our categories, we are able to lead. We used both, in the case of coffee, in the current environment, we have used trade to affect price versus taking a list price decline. So, we do use different levers to affect price. And then as I said in previous quarters as we go to our customers and we have justifiable price movements, we can’t and have been successful getting us through.  One of the questions you all have asked us, is it more difficult, I would tell you that it is taking a little bit longer, there is more discussion about pricing particularly increases. But I would say in almost every case we continue to be successful in getting that pricing through. 
David Driscoll: Maybe if I could just follow up on coffee, I just like to ask a little bit more about kind of what happened in the quarter, there was -- the team had a lot of confidence here that the lower green coffee was going to benefit profitability relative to our estimates this was the biggest miss on the P&L in the fourth quarter versus what we expected and I think what you guys expected. So, can you talk a little bit about kind of why it happened, why did you need the more trade promotion and what’s happening within the coffee segment in the industry to drive these prices down? 
Joe Stanziano: Good morning David, this is Joe. I’ll start there; I referenced Mark’s comments earlier, our cost to support the launch of 1850 and Dunkin canister were up in the fourth quarter along with that increased trade. While we’re disappointed with those results and we wish they were better we did grow both volume and segment profit in the quarter and we saw continued momentum in strategic areas. So, our K-Cup business was up 11% we are outperforming the one cup segment in the 4, 12 and 52-week scan data. Sales of Dunkin Doughnuts and Cafe Bustelo both grew double digit this year and our launch of 1850 is off to a fast start, great retailer acceptance and execution. As Mark said we have significant investment behind that platform and our marketing programs which have started will continue to ramp up over the next few weeks.  And finally, we’ve been working to better align our cost price relationship and we feel it's in a much better position going into fiscal ’19. I think you recall where we were last year at this time and we’ve made tremendous improvements, so I would say yes pricing is still competitive but where we have made those trade investments, we are seeing results and we’re seeing volume move in the right direction. 
David Driscoll: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi, thank you very much and good morning. Two questions from me, my first question is I wanted to make sure that my back of the envelope math is right. If you’re looking for about 800 million from Ainsworth, it seems to imply that organic sales growth to hit your target of 8.3 billion has to be around 2 to 3% and that’s in a year when you are taking prices down in coffee and you’re reducing your SKUs by 1%.  It honestly feels to me a little bit aggressive and I just wanted to make sure A is my math right there and B if you can walk us a little bit through obviously there is some innovation and so forth but maybe that innovation wouldn't be quite as much to get us there or quite enough, if you could walk us through a little bit sort of those drivers in more detail to get that would be great?
Mark Belgya: Your math is correct, we are expecting about, depending on how you’re rounding about 2% topline growth [indiscernible] organic which is ex-Ainsworth, most of that candidly is coming from innovation in particular 1850 and PowerUps along with some pet innovation coming. And then I just want to clarify a little bit on the price decline in cost, you’re correct in this fact that we’ve got one more quarter to lap that the price increase that we offset with trade beginning again in Q1 early Q2 last year. So, there is that but after that there is really no price decline built in anywhere across the portfolio.  So, it is primarily innovation, there is some growth continue obviously in Uncrustables, Bustelo all our growth brands are still projecting up, Natures is still expected to grow even though we had a great year last year. But the key driver is our innovation. 
Kenneth Goldman: Maybe I didn’t understand that. There is only one more quarter of coffee pricing to be down but your cost have only been down for one quarter. How is that the case that it won’t flow through the, most of the rest of the year. 
Mark Belgya: No. I guess, what we’re saying is that, we’re going to lap that trade adjustment that we had to take. Because remember, we took price up going into, I guess January 17th, and then had it taken back down. We still have a quarter of exposure on that. 
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. I’ll follow up with you off-line on that one. And my other question is you’re moving your pet food offices from some big cities to Orrville. And Orrville is a great town, but I’m just wondering, I harken back to [coffee] right. And I think back to what happened with that brand, not to pick on Kellogg’s, but when a brand that was run very well sort of independently was taken from a big -- not really a big city, but it was in the West Coast in a very attractive area to something different. And I’m just worried about the potential for losing people, the potential for integrating a business that has had some struggles. So maybe, this is the right thing to do. But how are you factoring in some of those risks into your thinking for this year and your guidance. 
Mark Smucker: I’ll start, Ken and this is Mark Smucker. And thanks actually for that question. So, you are absolutely right, the risks that you highlighted are risks that we have very carefully considered. And I want to say that the team, particularly San Francisco being the largest, of the pet offices, we have a fantastic team. And they are great people, they’re passionate about the business. I don’t think this is similar to [indiscernible], because this is our largest business. It is predominantly a mainstream business that resides in more or less similar channels, yes there is, had specialty, which are unique channels. But I think, if you think about it being our largest business and the ability for it to fully leverage the capabilities that we built, co-locating the business with some of those capabilities is really key. As it relates to talent we are working hard to retain and attract several of our key folks there and so far, we’ve had some very nice wins. So, we are keenly aware of the risks and we are doing everything that we possibly can to ensure that we mitigate them. I don’t know if…
Dave Lemmon: I just add to, Ken this is Dave Lemmon. We have strong offers with the number of acceptances to move them to date, so that’s one positive. The second positive is that we have strong retention programs in place to ensure there is business continuity through the move. And I would just say that we're really excited about the opportunity of bringing the pet business under one roof and being able to harness the excitement of the entire organization against pet moving forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Alexia Howard: Can we start with the pet food business and the recall? Are you concerned about any knock-on implications in terms of traction with the retailers in the shelf place allocation given all the channel mix shift? And I guess, a broader question in there is, given that you’ve got Amazon entering the cash agreement with the Wag brand entry into food, drug and mass, second on the toes of some of the larger pet companies, are you worried about pricing pressure in the category as a whole?
Barry Dunaway: Hi, Alexia. This is Barry. Let me take the questions there. As far as the recall is concerned, a couple of comments on that. First, just to clarify, we have made the decision to exit the Gravy Train web business because of profitability challenges and we’ve made that decision last summer. So that product line did not meet our profitability hurdles. So, we had communicated that to our customers and that had actually discontinued production and then the recall occurred. We fully expect to recover all of those costs associated with that recall from our supplier who provided us with the ingredient associated with that and we expect to recover these costs by the middle of this fiscal year.  As far as knock on, Gravy Train dry business continues to perform incredibly well. If we look at consumption just over the last 13 weeks period, it’s actually up 2% despite the fact that that value segment is down I think by 9 points. So, we think that brand has tremendous equity and we have not seen the knock-on effect across the portfolio. But as far as price -- let me just talk to Wag and I know there’s been a lot of attention on Amazon’s launch there. We compete with private label in every channel where we do business, so if another private label clearly Amazon has strength with the consumer base but our Natural Balance brand, our Nature’s Recipe brand are incredibly strong, performed very well for the e-commerce channel. We will continue to invest in those brands holistically and we think we will continue to be able to compete effectively against Amazon’s brand or other private label brands that either currently exist or may appear. As far as pricing pressures and Mark alluded earlier, we are seeing cost headwinds on input costs especially against our -- across our entire portfolio and we will monitor the market and if and when it’s appropriate we will move price accordingly. So, some thoughts there on you questions. Thanks for those. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pablo Zuanic with SIG. Your line is now open.
Pablo Zuanic: I guess one question first for Mark Smucker. Mark, I would say -- you say you appointed new people in most of your divisions. You gave a possibly spin on that. I could turn that and say that you have some senior departures like Steve Oakland, Barry Dunaway, is that a concern? Why are people leaving at this junction some very strong assets for the company? That’s the first question.  And the second one I guess for Mark Belgya, I know that we’ve gone back and forth on the guidance, in a very specific term -- terms if I take your $7.96 EPS for fiscal year ‘18, that’s 28% tax rate. If I use your 24% tax rate, that’s a $0.44 benefit for next year plus $0.25 of Ainsworth, that’s going to get me to $8.65, right? And your guidance is $8.40 to $8.65 so maybe it’s a comment more than a question but you and I are on the thesis but again may be despite 2% organic growth, despite talk about better margins in coffee in the first half at the end of the day your guidance is implying that ex-Ainsworth and ex the tax rate EPS is going to be flat to down next year for the quarter. So, if you can comment on that.  And the last one I’m sorry, not only 2 but, the third one just very briefly for the pet, for the new pet division, can you comment in terms of the $800 million sales for the Ainsworth. What does that reflecting in terms of underlying sales growth for the business just kind of its slowing, what’s the room for growth there in SJM? Can you do more in specialty with that brand or ecommerce? If you can give some color in the sense with shelf. And also, where there is room to expand in the private label business that you have there fewer balance with Walmart but can also be expanded. So, in terms of how Ainsworth can grow from the 800 bases. Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Okay Pablo, it’s Mark Smucker, I’ll start and we’ll just go around the table here. Thank you for the question on leadership because we were expecting that and gives us the opportunity to speak a little bit more. So first of all, you mentioned Steve and Barry, both of whom are very seasoned leaders, managers with the company. Similarly, I would tell you that Dave on Pet, Joe on Coffee and Tina on Food are quite frankly some of our best leaders in the company they are very seasoned, they all have 20 plus years with the company, they have work in various functions and businesses. In some cases, actually, I think in every case, they’ve all been mentored by Mr. Oakland and that all to some degree, Barry.  And so, there is a tremendous amount of depth of knowledge, understanding of the consumer and clear leadership capabilities both in managing people and businesses and all of them have delivered results and growth in their various roles with the company. Dave in Pet is probably the newest and although he has been on these calls in the past in his current or former role, you all, will get an opportunity to get to know him a little bit better, he obviously comes from Canada and has spent a tremendous amount of time managing an extremely complex business in a very concentrated customer environment. And I think that positions him well to manage Pet, which one could argue is probably our most complex business as well. And also, is a very concentrated customer environment. So those are some of the reasons why, I just feel tremendously confident in this team. And I have very, very high hopes for them. So, thank you for the question. 
Mark Belgya: Pablo, this is Mark Belgya, I’ll go after your second question. So, what you said, is right to a degree. So simply adding the benefit of tax in Ainsworth gets you sort of the, call it, the middle part of our guidance range. I think these just underscores, we talk about, if you look at our cost savings programs and look at our increase in marketing, those basically awash. We’re saving $80 million plus in initiatives and we increased our marketing on legacy Smucker by about the same amount. So, and then if you add to the cost inflation in Longmont cost, that’s the draw down.  What I would say is that, as we talk about pricing, we still think that there’s always pricing opportunity to address them these costs. So, I’d say it’s more negative weighted, because we’re getting the full 12 months of impact of cost, and we still have pricing opportunity to go forward. Candidly, we’ll see volume impact to that, but we expect to cover off of that. So, you’re right in the simplest math, but I think you really need to break it down to the next level, double-click on the components. And again, if you go back to Mark’s earlier comment, we did feel that because of the opportunities with tax savings and cost savings that we need to spend appropriately behind the brands and end up to get to the math that you suggested. 
Dave Lemmon: Pablo just to touch on some of your questions with respect to Ainsworth, it’s stable environment by the way. I would say the brand is doing extremely well. We have seen it growing at 27% both on the 13 and 52-week basis. And as we look to the future on that business, we see huge upside on snacks and cat through innovation targeted behind those businesses and those segments. And then really sort of the juggernaut of the business is on dog foot and there is continued growth through wide space on distribution and through innovation planned against the brand. So, we feel very confident that the brand will continue to grow at the pace it’s currently growing.
Pablo Zuanic: Is there room to grow the private label business?
Dave Lemmon: What’s that?
Pablo Zuanic: Within Ainsworth, is there room to grow the private label business or are you going to exit that because it’s a big part of the total sales number anyway, right? The private label business. 
Dave Lemmon: We are still committed to the private label business that we are packing and from a growth perspective, we expected to grow our category levels. 
Mark Belgya : Pablo, this is Mark Belgya. Just maybe one more point on Ainsworth, kind of honed it on the near term. But one of the things to your point is while we're comfortable with the private label business as Dave suggested as the category grows. Our expectation is Nutrish as the brand that will grow. And so, over time that proportion will be very positive across this P&L as we see improvement across the segment profit, gross profit et cetera. So, maintaining the private label and growing as the Nutrish is really the driver strategically.
Mark Smucker : Pablo, this is Mark Smucker, again. Just one final point on Ainsworth. One of the reasons that we’re so excited about it is that the growth potential, the growth that that team has achieved and we believe there is room to grow, I mean there’s plenty of opportunity on that brand and we think there’s definitely upside. I will also say that the team, that team which is primarily located in Pittsburgh is a fantastic team, also they’re incredible passionate and their leader, Jeff Waters, who is a seasoned pet expert or he has got a tremendous amount of years of experience in pet has agreed to stay on and continue to drive that growth. So, we are very pleased that we still have a great team there as well and very confident in that group of people.
Pablo Zuanic: Thank you. So very helpful. Mark, can I ask a quick follow-up? The dilution from the baking business that you estimate is $0.25 to $0.30, does that sound right to you?
Mark Belgya: Yes, maximized yet, that’s probably right, and I guess just while the question has been addressed, I think one of the things we have to take into consideration is, is that we are already thinking about in the event that that business is the divested of how we would try to shore up at least some of the dilution in the current year. We obviously will have proceeds that we might be able to do things with, we're looking at that cost savings opportunities to help offset some of the absolute dilution. So, the growth is in the ballpark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Mushkin with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Scott Mushkin: So, I wanted to talk about the long-term model here a little bit and I know we talked about pricing in the short run, but I was just down in Bentonville, spending some time with the folks at target. They talk openly about the investments they’re making in their business, and the cost to doing business that you are seeing going up, and they also talk openly about their CPG partners having much higher margins just generally. So, I guess, I’m just kind of looking at my model, over like a 10-year period and saying. Can we sustain EBIT margins with your partners under so much pressure? And I guess, I just wanted to get your comments on that?
Mark Belgya: This is Mark Belgya. I’ll start and then I’ll see who wants to jump in. So, it’s a very fair question, I think it’s a near-term question, it’s clearly a longer term strategic question. And a couple of thoughts, I think that we have talked to you folks for years about the importance of number one brand and that continues and we have a great portfolio of that though, that we do believe will allow us to price.  I think as we move forward, we need to make sure that we’re making the proper investments to generate the returns and keep those products and categories that are desirable to the retailer. We don’t want to be a marginalized category, so I think that’s a focus. But candidly, I think we have to continue as an industry to look at opportunity to manage costs in other places than just COGS. And we want to hold on to that operating profit that we have become accustomed to it in the industry.  And so, I think, while its started by some of our peers maybe I the short-term ways to drive shareholder value. I think longer term that is a strategic approach. And so, we’re going to very thoughtful as we add costs going forward and we’re going to continue to work with our suppliers to make sure that we’re in a good place from a cost perspective on incoming raw material and services. So, it’s fair, I think it is a reasonable challenge as an industry we are facing. But again, I think we fall back on the two things. One is we have incredibly good relationships with our retail partners and we also have great brands to offer up to them. 
Mark Smucker: Scott, this is Mark Smucker. I would just add that we have seen this type of pressure in the past. We’ve been in the business a long time, and there are moments in our history and the industry's history where our retail partners push harder than others, and this happens to be one of those times. as Mark said, we have incredibly strong relationships with our customers which have helped us clearly but then I would just go back to the very first question Andrew asked is that, we have an obligation to strengthen the bond between our brands and our consumers. And in the classic sense of a push versus a pull strategy, to the extent that we are successful in strengthening the bond, the emotional bonds between consumers and our brands and consumers are demanding our brands, whether they be large or small brands, that also allows us to continue to grow our business. So, it’s not just about getting selling in our brands with our customers, it is about engaging with our consumers actively and investing in those efforts. 
Scott Mushkin: So, two follow-ups. Number one to what you just said. Again, it suggests maybe a little downward pressure on margins with long-term to in the new environment with ecommerce and other things going on to really engage with that customers. That’s follow-up number one. And then my follow-up number two actually is just about cannibalization in the Dunkin’ Donuts brand with 1850. Have you guys planned for that? What's the early seeing? And then yield? Thank you very much for taking my questions. 
Mark Belgya: Hey, Scott. This is Mark Belgya. So, I think your first question is basically around kind of a little bit honing on e-commerce and just margin pressures, that that will push and then just some of the near term. So, we had conversations several times over the last couple of years as we looked at e-commerce and the growth and the expectation of it. And for those who have been around the industry a while, it’s a little bit take us back in time to -- as the business got traditional versus retail and club and mass came stronger and had similar issues in terms of margin pressures because it was just not an established channel and so forth. We recognize right now that growth in that area is going to put some margin pressure but we are working actively across the company in ways to identify how best to improve that margin as more of the business shifts to Internet and e-commerce. So, we think that’s an addressable situation moving forward because we understand we have to do that.  And then just broader, I think we’ve pretty much covered, there might be some margin pressures as we work through this, this time period that Mark suggested from a retailer standpoint. But again, continue to repeat ourselves, but just the relationship and the brands often we think that will get us through that as well. 
Joe Stanziano: Okay, Scott, sorry. This is Joe. I will take your 1850 question, yes. We are excited about 1850. It is a very different positioning than the Dunkin’ brands. It will slide into that entry-level premium segment. And the work we've done prior to launch shows that it is highly incremental. The positioning, the way we talk to the consumer, the product is very different and I think when you start to see some of our consumer communication, you will see the differences there. So, we are not concerned on cannibalization there with the Dunkin’ Donuts brand.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens. Your line is now open. 
Farha Aslam: A question on pet food. You now have three kind of premium dog food brands, you have Nature’s Recipe, Nutrish and Natural Balance. Could you share with us kind of the positioning of each and what growth you expect next year from each of those?
Barry Dunaway: This is Barry. Let me start there and Dave feel free to jump in. As far as Natural Balance is concerned, that is our super premium line of pet food. And we have made the commitment to this point to sell that exclusively through the pet specialty channel. We think that’s where the nutritionist is shopping and that’s where we will continue to be consumer led as we think about that brand.  As relative to Nature’s Recipe and Nutrish, first this is based on the successful launch of Nature’s. We I think continue to believe there is a place for that in the mass channel, the grocery and mass channel, again based on the launch success it was up 20% in this latest quarter. We have double-digit growth plan for this next year.  Where we are seeing that brand perform particularly well is in the grain-free segment of the premium. And so, our innovation and marketing efforts over the next year will be focused in that grain-free area as we think about differentiating it. So, we were the first mover in bringing that brand over from pet specialty and it has that halo of important natural ingredients as a pet specialty brand. The Nutrish brand also competes in that premium segment but it’s a different consumer and just the accessible nature of the brand and the culinary focus with the Rachael Ray equity. So as the team brings those portfolios together I know a lot of work's going to make sure that we continue to differentiate those brands, but we believe they can continue to be highly complementary in each of those channels, respectively.  Dave, do you have anything add to that?
Dave Lemmon: Yes. I just say, Nature’s Recipe, there is a lot of growth through the innovation in the LAD segment, delimited ingredient diet -- Natural Balance, excuse me. And the delimited ingredient diet segment. Nature’s Recipe were really pushing out on innovation in grain free in pet food and pet snacks and then on the Nutrish’s side they have over 10 concepts that they are bringing to market this year in dog, cat and snacks, and that will really provide field for growth. So, we feel very confident about that. 
Farha Aslam: Double-digit growth for Nutrish as well?
Dave Lemmon: Yes. 
Farha Aslam: And then just a broader question on pricing. Are you highlighted that are you successfully taking pricing? Are competitors following and what private label pressure are you seeing. So how much of that pricing are you able to retain? Because in coffee, you had to spend back this quarter with higher trade spend.
Mark Belgya: We haven’t taken a lot of price, as I might turn to Tina, but we haven’t taken a lot of price up in the last yearish because commodities have been lower. We would expect competitors to follow. But I think that’s a question probably for the future and I think Tina might have a couple of comments. 
Tina Floyd: Good morning, Farha. It’s Tina. From a food perspective, we took price on peanut butter about a year ago, we’ll be lapping that in June and we took our customer Uncrustables price up in May of last year as well. And again, it did take competition some time to follow, but they did follow and if you take a look at even the most recent IRI data, you can see that the business is strong, and we are up versus prior year. So, the execution of pricing has been successful within those brands.
Mark Belgya: I think the other thing, Farha, this is Mark Belgya to keep in mind we didn’t go through listing of [indiscernible] the areas the cost are going to up. But these are costs that are going up in several categories. So, whether you’re a brand manufacturer or private label manufacturer, you’re going to be incurring costs. We are in a world of inflation. And inflation means rising prices overtime. Now the time that may alter a little bit, but we expect that’s a little bit both to why we feel that’s why. Just to clarify, my earlier comment, what I said is, we reflected all the inflation in our plan and so we’re going to look for opportunities for pricing that will help mitigate those and actually be net positive. But we’ve assumed basically all the inflation across the 12-month window. 
Barry Dunaway: And this is Barry. One thing I would add is we did just take pricing on selected snacks, again where we lead in the category and where we thought it was appropriate again based on certain threshold. So that pricing has been taken to our retailers and will be effective at the end of July. 
Farha Aslam: That’s helpful. And so net that 2% to 3% on core growth, how much of that is pricing for next year?
Mark Belgya: None or very little. Just other than what Barry mentioned in pet snacks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Akshay Jagdale: I wanted to ask about pet. So just to clarify the Nutrish brand obviously is growing well into the 20s. Can you remind us what the mix is because I believe private label's around 17%, 18% but I am wondering how much of the growth is going to be driven by Nutrish and how much Nutrish is as a portion of the 800 million? That’s the first question.  And then more importantly, what are your expectations and sort of how much visibility do you have on the innovation pipeline as part of the M&A process? And then competition, right, there is obviously some other competing brands that are entering channels, you’ve entered a new channel as well, Nutrish has entered a new channel. So, there are some concerns I think about competition and also about channel fill. So, if you could address those in the context of your top-line growth guidance for that segment -- for that business, that would be really helpful?
Barry Dunaway: Akshay, this is Barry, and I think Dave and I can tag team this. As far as the growth, the numbers that Dave quoted earlier, the 27%, that is all the Rachael Ray Nutrish brand. So, by far the majority of the business is the branded side of the business and that double-digit growth will all be driven through that brand. A lot of that growth is resulting from expanded distribution of the pet specialty channel, seeing significant growth in the e-commerce channel as well and continued growth in food, drug and mass. So just to the earlier point, private label will continue to grow more in line with the category, but that significant growth will really come from the Rachael Ray Nutrish brand.  As far as innovation is concerned, we did have a view into that pipeline, somewhat limited through the diligence process but obviously now that it’s part of our company, much greater visibility and a high degree of confidence in the success that will come from that innovation pipeline. 
Dave Lemmon: Yes, basically I don’t have much to add, this is Dave Lemmon by the way. Innovation is clear in the pipeline across both businesses obviously. We feel as though there is room for growth across all portfolios of our business and we have the most robust pipeline since we’ve owned the business. So, we feel very confident moving forward that there won’t be anything taken off of the list, there will be only things added to the list. 
Barry Dunaway: And then may be just from a competitive standpoint Akshay, even with the incremental competition, the Nutrish brand's continued to grow its share in the last four consecutive periods. They have record share now at about 8.5% of dry dog. And then significant growth across premium cat, dry cat, wet cat, snacks and so forth. So that brand has tremendous strength, and yes, there is more competition but velocities continue to be strong and market share continues to grow.
Akshay Jagdale: So just to summarize may be roughly two-thirds of the business seems to be Nutrish and if all of the growth is coming from there and you’re talking like low 20% growth, if I am understanding what you said correctly, most of that growth is just from distribution, right? And the innovation would be on top of that, correct? I mean I am guessing you hadn’t planned for innovation gains in your 800 million number. So am I understanding that correctly and then I just had a follow-up on margins for that business. 
Dave Lemmon: And we're going to have keep moving on, Akshay, I am sorry we have others on the call.
Mark Belgya: Yes, most of the growth this year, for this fiscal year was based on the incremental distribution gains that the business had secured across all channels. So that’s where the majority of that growth is coming from for instance, there is significant gains in premium cat distribution that is in place that will be effective and going to shelf in August. So, the majority and as we said also incremental distribution of pet specialty. The innovation will be so in future years, Akshay, that is built into more of the deal model. But this year is primarily based on you just continued velocity as well as incremental distribution.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jason English : I know we’re running a little bit late bit. I’ll try to keep this rapid and on point. I’m walking your guidance back from EPS with the sales and I’m getting to a gross margin number of a little bit shy of 35% at the midpoint. Is that roughly, correct?
Mark Belgya: Yes. That’s pretty significantly Jason. I think we’d more aligned where F ‘18 came in. 
Jason English : Okay. 
Mark Belgya: Maybe, I don’t know, maybe if the way, you’re handling the cost savings, I don’t know, but yes, our gross margin will be much more in line if it’s a 38%-ish that we’ve achieved in ’18. 
Jason English : Cool. Then that’s a less alarming number and I’ll follow up with you guys afterwards to kind of figure out where my walk is a little bit off. And we were expecting next year you have to absorb maybe 100, 100 plus basis points of negative margin mix from Ainsworth at gross margin. Clearly, we don’t have P&L visibility. Is that roughly the magnitude of mix headwind that you’re facing next year?
Mark Belgya: That’s probably ballpark-ish close, yes. 
Jason English : Yes. 
Mark Belgya: I have feeling that its weighted synergies and cost savings are playing out on the base business that might be what’s skewing you a little bit.
Jason English : Probably, probably. And then I’ll follow up with you, guys, after that. And one last question on pet. How much EBIT, do you expect Ainsworth to add to pet next year and what is your assumption of underlying profit growth ex-Ainsworth and pet?
Mark Belgya: So, I guess, just in the spirit of what we disclosed, so if you go with the commentary off of our interest in that, most of the interest increase is due to Ainsworth and then you’re going to get call it 90 million to 100 million ish of EBIT on the business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
John Baumgartner: I wanted to come back to Rachael Ray for a moment. Looking at the dog food category. Obviously seeing quiet, a bit on accelerating from premium, executed innovation. And when we look at Rachael Ray, it’s also gone down that path with just 6, the DISH, the zero grain, but it feels like the traction on that front has been pretty limited. So, I guess, when you’re going through a diligence for the deal, I mean how are you thinking about the ability to segment up in dog food, outside the opportunities compared to cat?
Mark Smucker: We just think there is tremendous brand equity there. And as the team, the Ainsworth team has thought about further segmentation in premium. We continue to believe there are opportunities for additional segmentation there. The velocities will probably be somewhat slighter, but or slower I am sorry, but we -- again back to Dave’s point, where we build tremendous growth in where we see exceptional growth is in the premium cat and also in snack. So, dog is going to continue to grow but we moderated that growth based on just how fast the brand is growing, incremental competition within dry dog, but where we have really focused and where we believe the growth for that brand is going to come from is in premium cat and snacks. 
John Baumgartner: Okay. And then just a follow-up just briefly. When you include the Ainsworth assets into the base pet business, how are you thinking about the long-term revenue growth target there, I mean upside to that number going forward?
Mark Belgya: This is Mark. We will probably update our growth rates for all our businesses as part of our Investor Day. I mean all things being equal, based on the conversations we have with the Ainsworth expectations are in the near term, it will drive a higher number than what we said about the big business. But just in terms of the absolute guidance, I think we’re going to hold off on that for a few months. Let’s get a few months under our belt. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Rob Dickerson : Great, thank you. Very short quick question just on free cash flow. I know you said this year it’s about 850, ended ‘18 around 900 given tax benefits there’s obviously some net income growth flowing through, and I know CapEx is up a bit. But I am just wondering kind of what else is the offset such that free cash flow will be down year-over-year? That’s all. Thanks. 
Mark Belgya: Yes, so to answer that, you’re right. There is some incremental tax benefit that’s a plus to that number. The backup number would be CapEx about 40 million, if you take a middle range and then the other big component would be the increase in what we will call one-time cost that is split between merger integration and then some of the costs from what we call our organizational op program which is cost associated with some of the office closings and so forth that we talked about. And then there's a little bit of a different conservative assumption around working capital use, but most of it is CapEx and one-time costs. 
Rob Dickerson : So, you would really view it as a just more of a -- there’s the CapEx piece but that’s somewhat one-time and then the other roll-off is a little one-time as well such that 20 hopefully should be growing again.
Mark Belgya: Yes, I think that’s a great point. We’ve spoken to that a couple of time. Once we get over the Longmont investment last couple of years, we should see a little bit more return our 3%, 3.5% sales number. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Pamela Kaufman: I just wanted to get a sense for your outlook on the competitive landscape in coffee for next year? Do you expect any changes in the environment given the Nestle-Starbucks JV and your continued evidence of private label competition in the category?
Joe Stanziano: This is Joe, I will take that. Yes, I mean obviously there is a lot of activity in the coffee space. I mean the Nestle-Starbucks deal, two well respected organizations, private label growth. We are always what I would say competitively vigilant and we will continue to monitor that. But we are very focused on what we have to do to execute our strategy and drive growth, and really whether it’s private label or competitive, brand competitive, we know we’ve got to do three things, invest in innovation, continue to engage with our consumers, and ensure we’re executing the right price and trade strategy. And if we can do those things we feel like we will be in a good place. 
Pamela Kaufman: And also, just wanted to follow-up on Jif. What drove the weakness in the quarter? Just given that the retail takeaway data seems like it was still positive more recently?
Tina Floyd: Yes. Hi, Pamela. It’s Tina. Thanks for the question. It’s very interesting. We came up from a really strong third quarter. I mean, if you look back on Jif and really, we were posting high comps versus the prior year. If you look at the full year for Jif, it’s really strong. We ended up flat is slightly up from a net sales perspective. And as you mentioned, our comps look really good, so we’re really confident and look forward to a good first quarter. 
Mark Belgya: I think some of it was just timing.
Mark Smucker: Yes. I would add, the launch in Canada has helped our Jif business tremendously. The fourth quarter, we picked up a significant piece of distribution, which really pushed the brand. And we have over achieved their share targets in year one. So really strong support from Canada as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Moskow: One of your prepared remarks, Mark, I think you said the first quarter is off to a strong start. I look to the Nielsen data for May, and it indicated down 2% for Smucker overall. It looks like a deceleration. I was wondering if your data is showing something different. And then the second part is gross margin, I think what you’re implying is gross margin expansion for your core business. What’s driving that, it sounded like you’ve got more competitive pressure in coffee, and so what gives you comfort that gross margin can go higher in core business in ’19?
Mark Smucker: So, Rob, this is Mark Smucker. So, I know you, guys, are looking at Nielsen data, and we get IRI for our category as well. And then just reconciling that to shipments and consumption, we are seeing, it’s early in the quarter, we’re not quite halfway through the first quarter, but we’ve seen some pretty positive trends, of note coffee. So, we’re seeing some of that turnaround. And just looking at some of the obviously the new products, as well we were off to a good start there. But even in base coffee, we’re seeing a little bit of a pick-up as well. So, I think that’s why, hopefully, you’ll see some of that translate into the consumption numbers in the next 4 weeks or so. I wonder if you guys have anything to add. Good? 
Mark Belgya: Hi Rob, this is Mark Belgya. I guess to answer your gross margin or good profit question is that, yes, I mean, it comes from the base. I mean we are getting gross margin expansion out of just the innovation. I mean, although, it’s a loss, segment profits of the marketing spend has obviously gross profit dollar been generated. And then I think in my expected comments, we talked about. We had still incremental cost savings or cost benefits coming through with lower green and also with the first half of the KGM savings that we started in October a year ago. So that is probably a little bit of mix in there as well. And then just cost saving programs certainly some of those are affecting the comp line. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Brian Holland with Consumer Edge Research. Your line is now open. 
Brian Holland: Just quickly on coffee. Thinking about the competitive landscape here. I guess, first on the innovation side, if there’s any way you can give us a sense of what would define success for the roll out of 1850? I mean if I do the math of one share of -- a quick math, one share of bagged, one share of pods, would sort of equal out or net out to about 50 million. So, I am just trying to understand what would define success in year one on the innovation front for 1850? And then secondly, you’ve got on the bag side, or just across all coffee, you have Nestle partnering with Starbucks on that licensing deal for CPG, Keurig talked about at their investor day sort of stepping up their efforts on the bag business. So just wondering how you think about your efforts to drive 1850 and bolster your portfolio against the more competitive or what would figure to be a more competitive backdrop over the next 12 months? Thanks. 
Mark Belgya: This is Mark Belgya. I am going to start and I am going to throw it to Joe. So just in turn, we’re not going to give specific dollar expectation on 1850 right now but I will say it’s larger of the two components and obviously I would say that most of the 2% or equal to the 2% top-line growth, just do the math right, 150 million total. And there's two innovations on that, that are a good portion of that. So that's where that number is coming from. The one interesting comment is that in today’s world in CPG, $50 million to $35 million launch is incredibly successful first year in sales, it’s a top 10 item. And we think that this has the potentially certainly of being there.
Joe Stanziano: Yes, I would say first and foremost, measure of success would be just distribution and acceptance and I think we are well on our way our goal of full distribution, we should be there by August. So, from a standpoint of success in retail acceptance and out in the marketplace we feel like we’re well on our way there. From a bag’s perspective, again like you said very competitive state. Obviously, we have a very strong partnership with Dunkin’ Donuts. We continue to see opportunity there. The launch of 1850 as I said earlier a very different positioning, a very different consumer. Dunkin’ leveraging on that shop equity, we feel like there is opportunity with both of those great brands in the premium bag space and we will continue to support both of those as we go through the year. 
Operator: Now, I’ll turn the call back over to management to conclude. 
Mark Smucker : Okay. Thank you, all. I know it’s a long call and really appreciate you guys hanging in there. Obviously very important call, given the quarter and what we are doing. But I really do hope that you all came away with the same level of confidence that we have in the actions we are taking to realign our portfolio, focusing on the growth segments and again just encouraged by our efforts paying off wherever we focus. So still work to do, we acknowledge that. But again, I think as always, we want to thank our employees, they are awesome, and they are really what allows us to succeed and they will continue to help us drive success going forward. So, thank you for your support and have a good weekend. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-02-16 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Broholm - VP, IR Mark Smucker - President and CEO Mark Belgya - Vice Chair and CFO Steve Oakland - Vice Chair and President, U.S. Food and Beverage Barry Dunaway - President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks Dave Lemmon - President, Canada and International and U.S. Away From Home
Analysts: David Driscoll - Citigroup Chris Growe - Stifel Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Pablo Zuanic - SIG Scott Mushkin - Wolfe Research Jason English - Goldman Sachs Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Farha Aslam - Stephens John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2018 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we'll open the conference up for questions after the prepared remarks. Please limit yourself to two questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you have additional questions. I will now turn the conference call over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning and thank you for joining us on our fiscal 2018 third quarter earnings conference call, particularly given the early time of our call, due to a number of CPG companies releasing earning later this morning. As we will provide an update on our strategic initiatives at CAGNY Conference on Wednesday, our specific comments this morning will be focused on third quarter results and our full year outlook. Mark Smucker, President and CEO; and Mark Belgya, Vice Chair and CFO will provide our prepared comments. Also participating in the Q&A are Steve Oakland, Vice Chair and President, U.S. Food and Beverage; Barry Dunaway, President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks; and Dave Lemmon, President, Canada and International and U.S. Away From Home. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the Company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning's press release which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the Company uses non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally as detailed in the press release. We have posted to our website a supplementary slide deck, summarizing the quarterly results and our fiscal 2018 outlook, which can be accessed through the link to the webcast of this call. These slides and a replay of this call will be archived on our website. If you have additional questions after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over the Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Our efforts to position our business for growth continue to pay off this quarter. We achieved year-over-year sales growth driven by key brands in every business and delivered strong adjusted earnings per share growth. Initial benefits of tax reform and ongoing costs discipline helped fuel EPS growth. We will continue to deliver long-term top and bottom line growth by executing our strategic road map, supporting a portfolio of leading and emerging brand and guided by a deep focus on consumer and customer insights. During our CAGNY presentation, next week, we will provide a more thorough update on our strategic roadmap and the four foundational pillars of innovation, investments, cost savings and acquisitions. This morning let me highlight our progress is reflected in our third quarter results. We achieved strong sales performance, for leading -- for key leading brands in the quarter, demonstrating the ability of our brands to win in today’s environment. This included mid-single digit sales growth for Jif, Smucker's Fruit Spreads and Milk-Bone. In addition, we achieved low-single digit growth for Folgers, driven by our Away From Home Coffee business. These gains were partially offset by reduced sales for the Crisco brand reflecting loss distribution at a key customer, and a timing related decline for Natural Balance. Net sales for our U.S. K-Cup portfolio grew 14% in the quarter with gains for all of our brands. Dunkin' Donuts and Café Bustelo K-Cups continued to deliver double-digit increases and Folgers K-Cups returned to growth in the quarter. In addition, margins on our K-Cups improved significantly all of which reflects the benefits of our enhanced partnership with Keurig Green Mountain. We're now a year into the grocery and mass channel rollout of our Nature's Recipe premium dog food brand and momentum continues. Net sales for the brand were up 24% in the third quarter and 39% year-to-date, benefiting from a national advertising campaign which is driving brand awareness and accelerating consumer takeaway, despite increase competitive activity. Momentum for the Smucker Uncrustables brand also remain strong with company-wide sales up 23% in the third quarter and on pace for another year of double-digit sales growth. In addition, construction of our new Uncrustables sandwich facility in Longmont, Colorado is on track. When complete in fiscal 2020, we will have the capacity to further accelerate growth as we expect to double net sales from the $250 million level we project for the current fiscal year. Innovation including recent product launches, such as Dunkin' Donuts Cold Brew Coffee and Meow Mix Servings cat food contributed to sales growth in the quarter. In total, products introduced in the past three years delivered 7% of third quarter net sales. We look forward to sharing more on our innovation effort next week including the introduction of two new platforms that extend reach of our iconic Folgers and Jif brands. E-commerce also remains a significant area of strategic focus, as we continue to place emphasis on this opportunity across our brands and businesses. While still a small base year-to-date, e-commerce sales for our U.S. retail business were up 78% with pet food brands up 71% and coffee sales in the channel more than doubling. These represent two of the fastest-growing categories in e-commerce, as they are well suited for a subscription model of repeat purchases. Although not all of these sales are incremental, we continue to earn our fair share as consumers shift to online purchases. Another key component of our strategic road map is generating cost savings to provide the fuel for investments in top line growth and margin expansion. In addition to fully realizing our $200 million pet food synergies, earlier in the year, we continue to make progress on other cost savings programs, including our initiatives to strengthen cost discipline throughout the organization. These along with benefits related to our new K-Cup agreement I spoke to you earlier are the key drivers in achieving our projected $100 million in cost savings this year, as part of our $250 million costs management program that we expect to fully realized by 2020. In addition to our cost savings programs, we estimate an annual earnings benefit of a $120 million from recent U.S. tax reform, nearly half of which is expected to be realized in fiscal 2018, with the full year benefit in 2019. These tax savings provide incremental fuel to invest in our growth initiatives including increased marketing to support upcoming innovation, while also investing in our employees and the communities where they work, and of course opportunities to increase cash return to shareholders. Let me close my comments by reiterating that we are executing against the strategic roadmap that we have set out to ensure a clear path to delivering on our three key financial priorities of top line growth achieving significant cost savings and delivering earnings per share growth in line with stated long-term objective. I would like to thank all of our employees for their efforts and continued dedication as they are collectively driving the success of our company. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Mark. Good morning everyone. I will start by providing additional color on two significant items included in our reported results for the third quarter. First, let me summarize the benefits of the recently enacted U.S. income tax legislation on our tax provision. During the third quarter, we recognized a non-recurring net tax benefit of $756 million. This primarily reflects the benefit from the re-measurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, which was slightly offset by expense related to the transition tax on the undistributed foreign earnings. This net tax benefit has been excluded from our adjusted earnings per share results that I will discuss in a moment. Third quarter adjusted earnings per share did however include a tax benefit of approximately $0.35 a share, related to truing up our year-to-date tax rate as a result of income tax reform. For fiscal 2018, we expect a full year effective tax rate of 28%. This resulted in an effective tax rate of 19.7% for the third quarter in order to adjust the rate on year-to-date basis down to 28%. For fiscal 2019, we project our effective tax rate will further decline to 23%, reflecting a full year benefit from income tax reform. We will provide any update to this estimate when we issue fiscal 2019 guidance, during our year-end earnings call in June. The second item impacting third quarter earnings with a non-cash impairment charge of $177 million attributable to goodwill and certain trademarks within the pet food segment. The charge primarily reflects reduction in our pet food outlook from what was previously modeled, notably over the next five years as we now project long-term organic net sales growth for the pet food business 2% to 3%. With that background, let me provide an overview of third quarter results. GAAP earnings per share was $7.32 in the quarter, excluding the one-time income tax benefits, the non-cash impairment charge another non-GAAP adjustments summarize in this morning's press release. Third quarter adjusted earnings per share was $2.50, as note an increase of 25%. As noted previously, adjusted earnings per share includes an approximate $0.35 benefit in the current quarter, related to income tax reform, adjusted earnings per share was $2.15 an increase of 8% compared to prior year. Net sales increased $25 million or 1% compared to the prior year, reflecting higher volume mix with $25 million or 1% compared to the prior year, reflecting higher volume mix mostly notably for pet, food, coffee partially offset by decline in oils. Net price realization and foreign currency exchange were both neutral in the quarter. Adjusted gross profit increased $9 million or 1% reflecting favorable volume mix, as the net impact of pricing and cost was also neutral in the quarter. Adjusted gross margin of 38.4% in the third quarter was in line with the prior year, but the lower projection due to an inventory obsolescence charge related to pet food and higher freight expense. Although, we forecasted an increase in freight cost for the third quarter, the actual increase was greater than anticipated due to ongoing challenges within the U.S. transportation industry. SD&A decreased $5 million in the third quarter or 2% compared to 2017, driving by lower administrative expenses, reflecting our cost saving activities as well as lower selling expense. This was partially offset by a 5% increase in marketing expense. Factoring in all of this and the $3 million favorable change in other operating expense, adjusted operating income increased $17 million or 4% compared with prior year and adjusted operating margin increased 60 basis points to 21%. Below operating income, a $3 million increase in interest expense primarily due to charges associated with our debt refinancing activities in the quarter and a $4 million impact of foreign currency exchange were more than offset by the lower tax rates and a 2% reduction in weighted average shares outstanding, resulting from the Company's share repurchase program executed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. Let me now turn to the segment-specific results beginning with coffee. Net sales were up 2% compares -- net price realization was 2% lower as the impact of the 6% least price increase in January for the prior year continue to be offset in the quarter by trade investments to improve competitive pricing most notably on roast and ground coffee. Net sales for Folgers declined 1% in the third quarter, representing a sequential improvement from the 6% sales decline last quarter and a 12% decline in the first quarter. Sales for Dunkin' Donuts brand increased 7% on strong K-Cup performance. For Café Bustelo, net sales increased 24% behind significant growth for both roast and ground and K-Cup offerings. Coffee segment profit increased 6%, in the third quarter primarily due to favorable volume mix and lower input cost, as anticipated these factors would partially offset by higher marketing expense as well as start up cost associated with upcoming coffee innovation. Segment profit margin of 33.1% was consistent with our expectations of the third quarter and represented a 550 basis points sequential improvement from the second quarter margin of 27.6%. We expect segment margin to improve further in the fourth quarter as we realize the benefit lower green coffee cost. In Consumer Foods, third quarter net sales were down 1% compared to the prior year as lower volume mix of 3% was mostly offset by higher pricing. Sales for the Jif brands increased 2% while the Smucker's brand was up 9%, benefiting from growth in both Uncrustables frozen sandwiches and fruit spreads. Sales for the Crisco brands declined 15% partially reflecting loss distribution at a key retailer in the club channel, which we lapped late in third quarter. Consumer Foods segment profit increased 2% compared to the prior year despite the profit impact associated with the volume mix decline in the oils business and higher freight costs. Profit growth continues to reflect successful execution of our pricing strategies and effective management of manufacturing and supply chain costs. Turning to the Pet Food segment, net sales increased 2% compared to the prior year, as volume mix contributed 3 percentage points. This was partially offset by lower net price realization. Sales for our mainstream dog food brands increased 5% driven by the 24% increase in Nature's Recipe that Mark discussed. In Cat food, sales for both Meow Mix and 9Lives were up slightly in the quarter. Pet snack sales increased 6% including growth for the Milk-Bone brand. And lastly, within premium pet food, sales for the Natural Balance brand decreased 9% primarily due to the timing of shipments to certain retailers which is already begun to reverse in the fourth quarter. Pet food segment profit decreased 7% compared to the prior year. This was driven by a charge related to obsolete inventory which is approximately $7 million higher than in the prior year. Higher freight costs and an 11% increase in marketing expense also contributed to the – profit decline. Lastly in the International and Away From Home segment, net sales increased 2% compared to the prior year with foreign currency exchange and volume mix both contributing somewhat equally the sales growth. Lower net price realization partially offset these factors. The volume mix growth was driven by increases across several of our U.S. away from home categories as this business continues to outperform the broader industry including the benefit of significant distribution gains. Segment profit increased 16% with volume mix, lower marketing expense and a favorable foreign currency exchange all contributing. In addition, prior year's segment profit included a non-recurring $2 million charge related to an asset disposal. Turning to cash flow, cash provided by operations was $469 million compared to $420 million in the prior year. Factoring in capital expenditures of $80 million, free cash flow was $389 million in the third quarter of 2018 bringing the year-to-date total to $693 million. We now project full year free cash flow of $825 million assuming CapEx of $310 million. The increase from our previous guidance of $775 million reflects the benefit of reduced taxes, a portion of which was used to fund an incremental pension contribution of $20 million in the third quarter, as well as the slight reduction in our working capital projection. Let me now conclude with an update of our full year sales and earnings outlook. Our guidance excludes any potential post-closing impact on the previously announced agreement require for Wesson brands. Regarding the Wesson transaction, we are still waiting for approval from U.S. Federal Trade Commission, after having provided additional information for the second request process. We continue to forecast full year net sales to be in the range of flat to down slightly compared to the prior year. With regard to earnings, we are now guiding adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $8.20, to $8.30. The increase from our previous range of $7.75 to $7.90 reflects the full year benefit of the income tax reform, partially offset by the incremental freight headwind, which is expected to continue in the fourth quarter and the inventory obsolescence charge I spoke to you earlier. Factoring in these last two items, we now project full year gross margin will be in line with the prior year, this compares to our previous guidance of an increase of up to 50 basis points. In closing, let me reiterate that we're pleased with this quarter's results and feel confident in delivering on our guidance for the year. We thank you for your time this morning and we will now open the call up to your questions. Operator, if you could please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Driscoll from Citigroup. Your line is now open.
David Driscoll: Couple of questions here, so the first on just on coffee. Would like you guys just spend a little bit of time to talk about single-serve coffee? You numbers in Nielsen, the Nielsen data that we can see. They look good. It looks like things are really starting to turn the corner. But would just like to hear a little bit more about kind of the plans that you executed on Folgers, and how -- maybe you can describe a little bit more about the opportunity in single-serve as you progress with this new advantage contract? That will be my first question.
Steve Oakland: Sure, hi, David, Steven Oakland. To really think about our single-serve business this quarter and the journey we're on, we'll go back to maybe the data we show that back-to-school, that’s the first time we showed graphically. We broke down our coffee business and how it breaks down across the different segment with how the category breaks down, and if you remember our one cup business was in that high 20s, maybe 25% to 27% at the time. And category was a high 30s, 37% at the time. So, we knew that that was the biggest opportunity in front of us. Yes, there is also growth in premium coffee et cetera, but the most important thing for us was to position ourselves in that category. So one quarter in, we saw our growth rates for the quarter were about double with the category group for the quarter, driven by Dunkin' because that’s our biggest business clearly, but great growth in Bustelo. So our Bustelo brand continues to grow and really, we're pleased by mid-single digit growth on Folgers, our legacy business. So I think the contract, we talked a lot about and you mentioned advantage, I don’t that its advantage, I think it's much more competitive today and much more advance compared to how we were. I talked a lot about pricing, yes, our economics are better but our access is better. What I mean by that is we have more pack sizes, we're unrestricted and unbound as far as channel, as far as customers, as far as how many items and we put that in either given channel or given customer. So I think when you combine all of those things, the strength of the brand. And quite frankly, we've had some retailers get behind the platform over the holiday season. We saw that growth. So all of those things together we think led to a growth that about double the category and I will expect that they continue into the next quarter.
David Driscoll: Just to follow up. In coffee, you guys had pretty big expectations for the back half of the year, particularly the fourth quarter, although third quarter notably up as well. Can you just confirm that that those expectations are all being net and that you're pleased with the direction of coffee profitability?
Mark Belgya: David, this is Mark Belgya. Yes, we're still aligned with that, I think in one of our scripted comments, we called that out. In the fourth quarter, the benefit will come more from the green coffee. If you compare to a year's ago fourth quarter that was a still kind of a high period of cost. So we get the benefit this coming quarter. Everything else is in line.
David Driscoll: Last question for me. Just gross profit margin, I think you said it's now flat. It used to be at 50. Can you describe the factors that have affected the gross margin?
Mark Belgya: Yes, I'd call out three. The one is just the ongoing impact of the, the freight that we called out. It continues to increase. The second was the obsolescence charge. We plan obsolescence across the organization every year by nearby quarter. We just exceeded that, so flows through in our costing set up through our COGS and thus affects gross margin. And I'd say the third thing probably it's just mix. Obviously, we've given a little bit of range in terms of where we expect at the end of the year and although it hasn't really changed. Some of the mix has changed and I would just say, some of the higher mixed estimates have come down a little bit. So, those are probably the three biggest drivers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe: So just a quick question. We think about the tax reform and the benefits coming in fiscal 2019 without trying to get ahead of ourselves here in terms of guidance, but how should we think about that in terms of your desire to want to reinvest some of those benefits back behind the business? Or are you going to let that all flow through the bottom line, is it, are you will talk about that yet?
A - : Chris, it's Mark Belgya. So obviously, we're like other companies that are not calendar year end and that we will end up with blended rate. So what I would say, well, we'll comment on this more next week at CAGNY, but we are using, as we said in both our release and our quoted comments that we're going to spend back against the business, we’re going to spend back against our employees and also spend back by some increase in our charitable giving. We will be more specific, but we are going to get a nice step up obviously in 2018 and 2019. And at the same time still be able to invest pretty significant growth in our marketing spend to support particularly the two innovation platforms that, again we'll talk about next week in a much more color.
Chris Growe: And then just related to the pet division, you had the obsolescence charge. I think you've had a recall recently as well. Is that an expense more likely for the fourth quarter, and if you have any color around that in relation to that recall?
Barry Dunaway: Hi Chris, it's Barry. Let me just provide a little color on that. Clearly, we just learned about this issue about a week ago when it was brought to our attention. So, we quickly began an investigation. We partnered with the FDA on that. Both independently concluded, there were no pet health safety concerns. But out of an abundance of concern, we did implement a volunteer withdrawal of that product. So, we're working with our retailers to get that product out of the market place right now. From a cost standpoint, that's not reflected in any of our numbers. Yes, we're still trying to get our arms around what that cost will be. Clearly, as we investigated and work with the supplier who was involved in that situation, we would look to recover those costs. There may be a timing difference. So we may incur some of those costs this year and then depending on the cost recovery, it just may be a timing issue. So that's, that's how we're managing that.
Chris Growe: Okay then just to be clear maybe Mark for the obsolescence charges. Is that sort of a one-time event you go through when you account for obsolescence and say in fact his quarter?
Mark Belgya: Well, a couple of points Chris. So, it obviously what Barry just said, that charge did not include any of the impact. I wouldn't say it's a one-time of thing, as I mentioned, we plan obsolescence across the board for a variety of reasons. And it does peaks and valleys and depending on what the driver of the reason kind of not only drive the time but also the dollar amount. So I wouldn’t call it one-time review of anything, it just a third situation that we charge through P&L whenever it occurs.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kenneth Goldman from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Kenneth Goldman: All three food companies that reported this morning, they missed The Street's gross margin estimates by pretty wide margin. And everyone's point to freight and obviously we could see the number on how bad that is, but I did have a couple of questions on that. First, is it harder to pass along freight then more food stuff related cost? I've heard that from some people, yes, and from some people, no. I'm curious, what your take is? And second, is there any read thought beyond freight here on that manufacturer- retailer power relationship? I know you talked in the recent past how and it's been a little harder to get pricing through with the same sort of lack already that you had in the past. So I'm just curious if that sort of relationship is getting harder, if the pendulum of power swing for the retailer. Just how you think about that would be helpful?
Steve Oakland: Hi, Ken, it's Steve. I'll start. With regard to freight, it is difficult to pass freight because it isn't -- we can't predict it. And if you have to get a spot load today, you’re going to pay significantly more than we pay for a contracted load. So when we get into a situation where we're moving freight between the manufacturing location and between one of our DCs or a customer brings some order up quicker than we had planned, and we go to our spot freight system, that’s a sort of a place for all of us for years, right. Well, those charges are coming in at a multiple what they used to be. So for us to even be able to tell you what that next load is going to cost, is sometimes impossible, depending on how busy the link. So the key there is that we keep it on our contracted carriers, we keep it in our -- we keep our forecasting system with the customer as tight as we can, so we could plan on that distribution. That this doesn’t happen, I mean, the customer comes to us with a special request, we have something breakdown or something goes wrong, and we have to move to a load spot. I know it doesn’t sound like a lot, but it's really difficult. The trucking industry right now is pretty tight. So a spot low is a very difficult to do. So that’s a freight issue. And with regard to customer, I wouldn’t say so, I think we saw an environment over the last year or the larger retailers took the hard discounters very seriously, they make some strong positioning statements around certain key categories, I think they've been very aggressively. But I wouldn't suggest that anything in the quarter or anything in our outlook reflects more difficultly with the customer. I think we have a pretty good sense, so there's probably going to be a tiny bit of inflation as we go forward in some of our raw materials and I think freight is going to be something that the industry looks for the near-term.
Mark Belgya: Hey Ken, this is Mark. Just maybe to put some numbers behind the margins change. So the two items we called out, the freight and the inventory obsolescence charge. On our 9 billion sales for the quarter, it accounted for almost 100 basis points of margin. So it really was driven by those two factors.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pablo Zuanic from SIG. Your line is open.
Pablo Zuanic: I had question on the pet food side maybe for the mass market on Barry. So when you bought Big Heart, you talk about 5% growth I believe mid single digit, dog and cat, low single digit high treats high. Now, you've lowered that to 2% to 3%. Remind us, what has changed? But more important than that, there are other pet food companies in the market and those involved particularly in natural premium, growing pretty much high single digits. So it would seem to me that when we think about this market evaluation and the feedback we get from our investors is about your categories and your brands, I mean there's an opportunity here for you to double down on pet food and improve the growth profile of that business with better brands and not necessarily have to get the guidance from 5% to 2%, 3%. So if you can comment on that. Why did you cut the guidance long-term for pet food? And where does you are in need of new brands there? I would ask you the question in terms of the related comments. The Nature's Recipe launch has been very successful and very impressed how quickly you got it through all the stores out there, but you're lapping it now and what's going to happen after that? Where is the underlying sell-through rate? And can you extend that brand into wet or treats? It seems like it's move limited.
Mark Belgya: Pablo, this is Mark. I'll start with the first question and Barry will follow up with the rest. So if we go back, turn the clock back a few years when we announced the transaction, looked at where both the industry and Big Heart was performing. I think you call out the numbers as well. So, the base dog and cat, which is about half of the business that was averaging, modest low single digit growth and that was really being managed by the previous owners to drive profit that they could invest in the other half of the business. The other half of the business, which was a little bit heavier skewed to the snack side within a period of growth of both industry-wise and Milk-Bone specific, a large innovation that the Big Heart team had brought forward. And so, we carry that growth expectation not as much, but certainly above the low single digits of the base dog and cat food. And then lastly, especially channel, as a channel was growing dramatically, high single digits, low double digits and I think as we've reported and others have reported there's just been a significant decline that as e-commerce has come into play and for a whole lot of variety of factors within the industry and we've kind of followed that. So it really is the ladder to that had driven most of that change. There has been some competitive challenges in the snacks arena. So Barry, I don’t know if you can add, but that was basically how we arrived at sort of that 4% to 5% that you quoted. And I think just reflecting where the industry is particularly in that, in the specialty channel and just some with our competitors, we just feel more comfortable with the growth rates that we quoted.
Barry Dunaway: Great summary, Mark. And then Pablo let me focus on the second half of your question. First, we have a great portfolio of iconic brands that we still think have a lot of runway. We think about Milk-Bone in particular, our objective is to take that brand into new segments into some of these growth segments. So our innovation efforts are really to focus on how we take our brand into growth areas across snacks and across the entire portfolio. Let me talk about dog food and you referenced Nature's Recipe. If you look at our consumption, we were up 27% across the entire dog portfolio for the latest 13 weeks, which is just outstanding. And that is across the entire portfolio. So Nature's is a big driver of that, but we're trying to manage the portfolio across value, mainstream and premium, and that all of those brands are performing well as we manage that entire portfolio, velocities continue to increase quarter-over-quarter, our velocities with Nature's Recipe are up about 17% THIS quarter in units and 16% in dollars, so again just nice to see that those velocities continue. We're going to sharpen our marketing and support behind that brand, as we go into this next year, some learnings based on the fact we've been in the market for the last months, and so we're going to take those learnings and we think we can drive even greater effectiveness with the marketing support behind that that brand. As far as just adding to the portfolio other brands, we've always been an acquisitive company and we will continue to look for brand that would make sense in our portfolio across food and snacks. And then as far as taking Nature's Recipe into other segments and categories, yes, absolutely we do think that brand can play in categories like cat and like snacks, and it's just a matter of us prioritizing when we move into some of the segments and how we approach those opportunities. So that’s under radar screen, we wanted to get dog we thought that was the right place to start. We're going to expand some of our wet offerings coming into this early year or early this summer. And packaging refresh, we’re going to actually swap out some other items that we think we can be fast returning. So, a lot of momentum behind that brand, we want to keep that going and then look to launch into other segments.
Pablo Zuanic: That’s very helpful. Can I squeeze one on coffee? Maybe for Steve, Steve, we talked about K-Cups but just on roast and ground. It seems to me that there is still opportunity there for Dunkin to get a little more exposure and accelerate the premiumization of roast and ground. Is that realistic? And related to that, my only concern when I hear take up growth much faster than roast and ground is we're shifting into lower margin category. Am I missing something there? Or if you're swapping a serving of roast and ground for a swapping for a serving in K-Cups in dollars terms that’s actually would swap, if you can talk about on that please?
Mark Belgya: Certainly, Pablo. Well, we set upgrade for cat gain. We're going to show innovation in the premium sector both in a new platform in Dunkin. So we felt K-Cup have -- we had to address K-Cup quickly, and I would suggest that K-Cup are not dilutive. And if you look at the quarter for us to have flat volume 2% net sales for that in 6% profit at 33.1% that would suggest that the mix was pretty good. So, if anytime we have a flat roast and ground quarter, we're winning. I mean our model obviously includes slight declines in that. So when decline slower than the segment or don’t decline like we did in this quarter, it really improves the model. So you're going to see investor in those other things, quarterly we have to have a larger presence in premium coffee and we have to fix K-Cup first, we’re on way to doing that and the next effort as you will see next week frankly is on premium.
Mark Smucker: Pablo, this is Mark Smucker. Just on the margin that what I would tell you is that, as it relates to these all the different segments, we talk about mainstream premium and single-serve. The dynamics in the category are such in the way we manage the business such that at this point in time, margins are generally consistent across all of those categories and all of our segment I should say and they are all profitable.
Barry Dunaway: Pablo, this is Barry. Just one other point that I should have made when we're talking about Nature's, as we look at the performance of that brand, pre-launching into mass and when it was just in pet specialty, based on where we on this fiscal year, we were projecting that brand and retail sales is going to be up about $80 million or 70%. We see, we still have the presence in specialty and then by moving that brand over to mass channel, just tremendous growth on at retail just want the other indication about the strength of that brand and the potential that it has.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Scott Mushkin from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Scott Mushkin: So I did have a kind of philosophical question as we move into CAGNEY and just kind your thoughts on your business, as we move into accelerating investments and rolling out new platforms. What's your tolerance for actually seeing EBITDA come down to do this?
Mark Belgya: Scott, this is Mark Belgya. I'll start and if anyone wants to chip in and welcome, welcome back. I think that the earlier question around marketing investments, we’re going through the planning process for 2019 and even next week at CAGNEY, we’ll give a little bit but certainly not our outlook. We feel that tax reform is obviously beneficial for a whole number of reasons, but as many of our peers have said also, it does provide an opportunity to support whether it's marketing investment or just investment innovation, and we still want to grow our segment profitability even with the investments in the marketing. So we're going to continue to try to grow EBITDA and EBIT and operating margin as we move forward. And again, it's a little hard until we are specific in June with our guidance, but we're not necessarily backing off profitability growth, it's just nice that we do have some flexibility from an EPS perspective to utilize some of the tax reform to support that.
Mark Smucker: Yes, Scott the other Mark Smucker. Just agree with Mark. I mean we still have an obligation to our shareholders to grow earnings but we also have an obligation to grow our businesses and so, as Mark said, the tax reform does give us a unique window. Obviously, we are doing some significant cost savings as well and we do expect marketing to be up significantly next year. But I would also point out that what we have really been dealing as we execute this strategic roadmap is get our foundation in order and make sure that we're prioritizing the investments to those areas where we know we can grow. Consumer foods is a very good example of that, so where you will -- would have potentially seen that marketing has not increased in aggregate this year on consumer, it has increased in those areas where we need to invest like Uncrustables and Jif and things like that. So, we maybe deemphasizing some stock in order to invest where we really think we can get the biggest bang for our buck.
Scott Mushkin: Perfect. And then just a quick follow-up, I don't know if you guys have any comments on the Pillsbury brand, but I know you've been trying to get that one moving a little bit and then all yield?
Steve Oakland: Hi, Scott, this is Steve. I think there is a great example of what Mark mentioned and enroll the brand. When there are times when there are -- when our cost structures right, when things are right, and you may see volume declined on some businesses, as you'll see the overall segments that those businesses operate in performed pretty well. I mean our consumer foods business did really well, and we had great numbers on Jiff, great numbers on fruit spreads, we can forecast on Uncrustables. Well, that had to comfort somewhere and it came from our baking business, right. So, there are times when some of these businesses are managed for profit, they may have the opportunity to grow with times, and we'll take those opportunities. And there'll be other times when we take the opportunity for them to generate fuel and this was one of those types.
Mark Smucker: Scott, it's Mark Smucker again. The other thing I just point out on Pillsbury, just to build on what Steve said is. We have made some conscious decisions when we see that the competitive environment is such that in order -- an investment in a brand might actually create a situation profit is just too challenged. I think that sort of been the case, with Pillsbury this past year, we consciously chose not to go deep, if you will. That said, we do have some nice innovation coming out on Pillsbury in the next year. So, it's not that we're ignoring it and it's not that we're just letting it stagnate, but we do have some nice innovation. We will continue to support that that business going forward.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: A question on coffee then a bit on pet. My apologies I got distracted and jumped on a little bit late. So you've maybe already disclosed this, but in terms of margin expansion of coffee. Can you unpack how much of it was driven by lower green coffee cost? And how much related to the new Keurig contract? And on that contract whether you sort of at full scale now or whether those benefits will continue to sequentially mount as we move through into the fourth quarter?
Steve Oakland: Let me -- Jason, I will try to do that for you. This is Steve Oakland. I would say it's all of those things. We talk about green, as you know we went through an expensive green cycle at the beginning of the year. We leaned in to get our pricing on roast and ground. Green was basically flat for the quarter. The green, as Mark Belgya I think said either one of the Q&A or the script to comments that green will benefit us in the fourth quarter and going forward. So green was not a headwind or tailwind this quarter. I think volume was positive and if you look across all of our businesses, the volume mix component was good, the K-Cup agreement was good and the K-Cup as I said earlier is really good on. Yes, the economics better. There is no question, but the access is better. So we're able to put K-Cup into some places we couldn’t before. So would say all of those things, all of those things added up that let to where we're, our forecast for that kind of mix go into the next quarter, so it's hard to project coffee out to far but it look like the occurred momentum should continue into the next quarter.
Jason English: Question for Barry on pet. Barry you mentioned the velocity momentum quarter-on-quarter. When we unpacked the data, we see the same thing but we also see you have installed out since November, so you're kind of flattening across and you're running on Nature's Recipe. At less than half the velocity rate and the category and well below some other premium brands, some of them even more new to the market like blue. Do you see that velocity sort of flat lining in relative under index as a getting factor for further distribution growth? Or do you think something you can see ramp overtime?
Steve Oakland: Yes, there is no question Jason that there is no competition on those segments without a doubt. But we're confident that we can continue to keep those velocities moving in the right direction, I mentioned some more targeted advertising where I think as we learned over the last year, as we see what the competitor messages, how do we hone message on Nature's, I think with some of the new items we're bringing in to replace some of that items that we're little more slower moving and those can help as well. So, I we can get the -- continue to keep the velocities moving in the right direction. So we were optimistic about that.
Jason English: And I think Mark Belgya, I think it was Mark Belgya mentioned that pet snacks grew 6% this quarter, which is in sharp contrast to what we see in Nielsen. And if you look at Nielsen, it looks like snacks are going through the same thing that food did a lot of premiumization, a lot of fragmentation with you as the largest share donor. What's the disconnect between what you're reporting and what we're seeing in the data?
Mark Belgya: Let me start there. First, you’re right, there was a disconnect between consumption and our sales. A couple of things to keep in mind, we have significant businesses with customers and channels that are not measured and so we are seeing some great performance with those customers and channel. So that's one area. Last year, we had made some investments behind some of our stack businesses in terms of coupons and intro and so there was a timing issue as we think about the performance metrics and then there has been some market price compression relative to where we're seeing units are up, but dollars are down on a couple select items. So those would be a couple of things that be contributing to that. I would say, as we look at where the retailers are today, looking at their assortments for the next year we were really encouraged we're seeing some nice increases and points of distribution, a number of our major customers. So we're enthusiastic about that. We have just recently launched some new innovation across our Milk-Bone is pretty close in, but we've had tremendous acceptance of that item. In the natural meat segment that's been driving a lot of growth and sausage or pepperoni brand, kind of bumped up against that segment, where we're bringing out a new item. We're going to accelerate the launch of that. Normally we'd bring it out in June. We're going to start some early shipments of that. We think that's going to accelerate some growth across pepperoni and then going, as we think about the natural meats segment where that growth is coming, we're bringing some innovation out in, under the Milo's kitchen brand. Had some, some good solid acceptance there and increases in distributions. So, I think you, yes we've seen some of that disconnect this quarter, but based on some of the things I mentioned, again, we're optimistic that the consumption numbers will match up a little closer with our sales numbers.
Jason English: Got it, and thanks a lot. Look forward to seeing you guys in Florida.
Mark Belgya: Thanks.
Mark Smucker: Before we go to the next question, this is Mark Smucker. Just recognizing want to be respectful of everyone's time. We know that several of you may drop off at the bottom of the hour, for a couple of the other earnings calls, but we will continue, we have a handful more questions if we would like to answer them. So for those of you that will stay on, we will take a handful more questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Akshay Jagdale: I do want to ask you a coffee question. So with -- can you give us an update on what you're seeing in terms of the installed base and K-Cups, obviously Keurigs now back in the public realm, so we'll get more inflammation from them I'm sure going forward. But can you give us an update on what you're seeing there? There's some excitement from them on building the installed base instead of being a lot more focused and you know, I know your sales results for your brand and K-Cup really good, and we hadn’t seen Folgers growing a while and K-Cups but overall it looks like even their brands saw for the first time in a long time, a stabilization of share. So just at a high level install base and has this shake out sort of stabilize there, like we sort of in a steady state market share for all the brands in your opinion? And then I will just pass it on.
Steve Oakland: Akshay, I think we did see a small step change over the holiday. And what I think there is and I think our team would agree is that we entered in with this $49 machine right, the machine we're able to sell for $150 for the holidays. And they full lot of those, if you saw the distribution around it, was pretty solid. I do not see personally what, and I think we will know over the next few months what we will think the house will penetration move to. But I do think they reached a new consumer. And as we know regardless of consumer demographics, convenience is still an important an important decision factor for every consumer and so the fact that we could have lower price machine in the net set of house hold. I think will broaden the category. We think there is a great opportunity and quite frankly that they aligned with, really aligned with our brands we're very strong sell there, we're very strong with folder there and I think that’s probably why we saw those group numbers, where they grew there install base is directly aligned with where we really successful with our brands. So we feel good about that. Have been said that, I think we're going to see at some point, some kind of stabilization in that I think they took one step change, we also see roast and ground. We're excited to show you what we're going to show you next week at CAGNY because we think the premium roost to ground will also continue to grow. I think the category dynamics are pretty good the next year to coffee pricing, green coffee pricing looks stable, looks we have a large summer, the robust across is getting better from damage of the year so, go. So I think we’re going to have stable supply and pretty good dynamics over the next year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: I wanted to kind jump ahead to like the first half of fiscal '19 with respect to your green coffee position. I imagine you're going to have a very easy comp in the first half there as well. But as I look at the commodity prices, it seems to be just very, very low compared to last year and may be they are taking a little lower. Is there any risk that you might have to consider a list price reduction on coffee? And then also, do you look at your competitors in ground coffee as being relatively stable and there pricing decisions, private label pricing does that consider? Do you think that’s stable? Or do you think there is rest that goes lower too?
Steve Oakland: Obviously, anytime we have low green coffee pricing, there is the potential for competitive activity that focuses on that. The private label company tend to be shorter, the branded guys tend to be longer, this premium guide tend to be very long just because the supply chain and premium coffee is much more converse in this supply chain and main stream coffee. So I would expect that. I would not any competitive activity beyond that that can be funded with green and what I mean by that is I wouldn’t it to hurt margins, right. So if there is competitive activity in the category, it'll be funded by green. I wouldn't expect it to be funded by margin. And I think there's another important dynamic happening, as we grow K-Cups, double digits the larger K-Cups and premium become as a percentage of our portfolio. The less dependent we are on green, the green coffee pricing is a very small component of the K-Cup business, right. It's really your conversion costs and we've addressed that. So, I would argue our business is more stable this year and going forward than it was last year.
Robert Moskow: And so do you think it's fair to say that the ongoing margin for coffee can kind of hang around here at 30, low 30s kind of margin?
Mark Belgya: Hey Rob, this is Mark Belgya. Yes, that's exactly right. I think last quarter we've made the comment realizing that we have reached well below than we’re mid 20s last quarter and we’ve said that if we deliver Q3 and Q4 as we expected that we should give back over that 30%. And then on a forward basis driven by all the comments that Steve had, our expectations still sort of low 30% segment profit.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Rob Dickerson: Thank you very much. One quick one is just, if there's an update on Wesson, just seems like it's taking a bit longer than it normally does?
Steve Oakland: Sure, it's Steve Oakland. We've been involved in the second request process, which provided the information they requested. I don't know that this isn't taking maybe a little longer, I'm not sure that, I wouldn't read anything into that, I would read it more into the fact that organization isn't fully staffed. So we would expect to know when we know it’s just one of these things we can't drive. So, we are anxiously awaiting their thoughts as you are.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, fair enough. And then just I guess back to coffee and kind of what's implied in Q4. I think originally at some point you said you would expect operating profit to decline like low single digit, I think for the year and kind of how it's tracking, is it implies let’s say, I don't know, 30% plus year-over-year in Q4 as a last time we saw that, which I think was Q4 2016, was when coffee costs maybe where getting lower year-over-year. So I am just curious is the profit potential uptick in Q4 is like yes, it's driven by coffee but there's also this maybe a little tailwind coming from the mix benefit on K-Cup, just trying to right size what, what's implied for Q4 in coffee segment operating profit year-over-year relative to what we've seen historically based upon where the price of coffee is -- cost of coffee?
Mark Belgya: Yes, hey Rob, this is Mark again. So a couple of comments, one is that I think it was in our scripted comments that we would expect Q4 segment profit, your operating profit as you call it would be up sequentially over Q3. And so, we will continue to benefit out of it compared to a year ago, fourth quarter with the benefits of the new contract. So that will be sort of continuation of what you saw in Q3. The new news is the impact of green coffee. It seems that that was basically a neutral in Q3 that we will benefit in Q4 and that's driving, that what we'll call the incremental improvements sequentially over Q3.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, and then just, I'm not sure how much you can say or we'll say on 2019 in terms of free cash flow. You know we saw this morning, you’re increasing your target for free cash flow for 2018, but it seems like obviously with tax reform and even that investment and where inventories could be given lower coffee cost. Is the expectation that free cash flow hopefully in '19 there could be a material increase or there other investment? And I fully understand you're not giving guidance for '19, but say any commentary you can provide on free cash flow growth potential over next year?
Mark Belgya: Sure. Well, obviously, I can't say what the number is, and I can't -- we all have our own definition of material, but what I can say is that the incremental benefit of just tax, to just go 2024, is about because $50 million to $60 million incremental over what with and this year. All things to be in equal, you would expect to see some increase from that. I guess I will just hold on that until we give you a more of an update in the end of the year. Obviously that is coming to play is, working capital expectation. So we would expect to be because of tax.
Rob Dickerson: And then last quick one for Mr. Smucker. I came up to Ken's point earlier on, number of U.S. companies feeling gross margin pressure but then also a number of companies saying we have a tax benefit and we might reinvest that backup. So I was just curious just kind of general feel, if we look out over the next year that in everyone where the plan to increase that investment that marking spend for building what have you. How does that play out? Does that -- how does that change to be total industry, if everybody is spending more?
Mark Belgya: On marketing specifically you're asking Rob.
Rob Dickerson: Sure,yes, before you go to your budget process and see there is how much we're going to spend, I think you probably think well hopefully, as just as much or more than others would spend and each of our given categories where we want to focus. So as you do that, even if it's casual conversations. I am just curious as how you think, it's everybody spends then does it kind remain in constant it's all relative?
Mark Belgya: Clearly our industry is very competitive and I think at the end of the day, it's hard for me to comment on what others might do, but I think going back to my earlier comments, our goal is really to invest in military as we really think that the growth can come from. And so we’ve done and you will hopefully will feel this, we've done a lot of work very diligent work on understanding the consumer, what consumer need are and how we're uniquely positioned to meet some of those consumer needs. So it's not to say that other company doing those same things but where we're choosing to invest is probably the most important thing I could say. And so and broadly if everybody invest more in the consumer, I think it's quite frankly I think its good for the industry because I think it help consumers continue to regain trust in big food if you will and the brand that we represent. And so I think we have an obligation to our consumers to invest and to communicate directly with them as much as possible particularly in the digital age.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Farha Aslam from Stephens. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam: One quick question just as a follow-up to your last answer. I just want to understand, are you going to try and get pricing to offset the freight inflation? And in terms of marketing spend, do you expect that to take the form of pricing, slotting, increased consumer oriented advertising, give some color on how much and where you're planning to spend that marketing dollar?
Steve Oakland: Well, Farha, this is Steve, I’ll cover on the freight piece. When we look at pricing, we look at the whole gambit of cost. We look at freight, we look at raw materials packaging, all of those things. So you know we will operate under that and if we get to a point where we have just applied the price and today pricing is just - price, right, what makes sense, we’ll do that. So I don't think freight has pushed us over that line on a business of our size, that $7 million, or $8 to $10 million a quarter, its material to our results but it's not material across a couple of billion dollars in sales in our business. So, we probably haven't gotten there yet.
Mark Belgya: Yes. Farha, it's Mark. And I guess the answer to your second question. We talk about marketing generally we're talking about marketing aimed at the consumer. Obviously, there'll be innovation related intro type cost that will -- we’ll be trade, but basically when we speak to market, we're talking about consumer directed spend.
Farha Aslam: So that could be mass media, mass media, digital advertising, experiential advertising and consumer directly?
Farha Aslam: But it's not price promotion.
Mark Belgya: No, that's trade and customer related and that's a different line item on the income statement.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question will come from John Baumgartner from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
John Baumgartner: Just wanted to ask about consumer. I apologize if I missed this, but the concerns pertaining to private label a kind of been a drag there and just looking at the Nielsen takeaway data, store brands are gaining some share in baking mixes in salad oils, the peanut butter looks as though maybe pricing is a bit sharper, given some of the higher spot costs, we're seeing for peanuts. So can you maybe just speak a bit to what you're seeing in the environment? How much of this is just kind of commodity past relative to anything more strategic and how do you feel about your price points going into fiscal 2019?
Mark Belgya: John, I guess, we've talked a little bit too. We did see some competitive activity baking for the economics so that didn't make sense, plus we invested in fruit spreads, we had nice growth, our peanut butter business is solid. You'll see some innovation in that next week. And then you know, as we look across the other things Uncrustables and Sahale, the two pieces that we think that o accelerate growth, both did. Yes, I think and I've spoken to this a number of times. I think there are some categories that we participate in some of those, peanut butter might be one, baking, baking is one where hard discount wants to make a stand where our discount retailer wants to have a key price point on a key size. And we see that, but I don't think that's going to change the competitive dynamics that much for us. I think as we're the number one brand or number two brand with exceptional baking in all those segments that we understand the competitive set, we understand the merchandising, we need to do, on the peanut butter business, we tiled fruit spreads, we've got a lot of multiplying leverage there, we do for merchandising. And so, I think we're positioned well for that. I would expect the retailer to continue to use private label, to position themselves within the marketplace, within the certain customer demographic and against the certain competitor set. So we're not suggesting that is going to change but we're prepared, we have a strategy to compete in that different world.
Mark Smucker: John, this is Mark Smucker. Just to comment on the share. Particularly in the last share numbers we buy IRI data. I think what we see is that leading brand particularly number one brand tend to fair well, even when private labels making a push. And the number that we're seeing reflects that. And so you will see this number two and three brands particularly in this last period generally looks down versus some of our brands that are in number one spot.
John Baumgartner: Okay so a little bit of pressure overall but nothing really ordinary.
Steve Oakland: That’s a fair synopsis.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions from our phone lines, I would now like to turn the conference call back over to management for any concluding remarks.
Mark Smucker: Just want to thank everybody for their time, appreciate it’s a busy day for most of you. Just want to reiterate that it's been lot of time this past year making sure our foundation is strong and making sure that we're investing in a right thing, and so we look forward to seeing you all and sharing more about that with you guys next week at CAGNY. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2017-11-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Broholm - The J. M. Smucker Co. Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co. Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co. Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co. Barry C. Dunaway - The J. M. Smucker Co.
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Aatish Shah - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC  Greg Nep - Stephens, Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Partners LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2018 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we'll open the conference up for your questions after the prepared remarks. Please limit yourself to two questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you have additional questions. I will now turn the conference call over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our Fiscal 2018 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Mark Smucker, President and CEO; and Mark Belgya, Vice Chair and CFO, will provide our prepared comments. Also participating in the Q&A are Steve Oakland, Vice Chair and President, U.S. Food and Beverage; Barry Dunaway, President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks; and Dave Lemmon, President, Canada and International and U.S. Away From Home. During today's call we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. The statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning's press release which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally as detailed in the press release. We have posted to our website supplementary slide decks summarizing the quarterly results and our updated fiscal 2018 outlook which can be accessed through the link to the webcast of this call. These slides and a replay of this call will be archived on our website. If you have additional questions after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over the Mark Smucker.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our ongoing efforts to position our business for growth began to pay off this quarter. We achieved modest sales growth driven by key brands in every business and delivered earnings per share ahead of expectations. We will continue to deliver long-term top and bottom line growth by executing our strategy of supporting a balanced portfolio of leading and emerging brands, guided by a deep focus on consumer and customer insights. Central to our strategy is capitalizing on the strength of our leading brands, Folgers, Smucker's, Jif, Dunkin' Donuts and Milk-Bone including expanding their reach through the introduction of new platforms in high-growth segments, such as premium coffee and snacking. At the same time, we are investing in emerging growth brands such as Café Bustelo, Smucker's Uncrustables, Nature's Recipe and Sahale Snacks. We are balancing our portfolio by placing emphasis and resources on these faster growth opportunities. This includes incremental marketing investments fueled by continued cost discipline, efforts to become more agile, and a relentless focus on how best to engage and delight today's consumers. As I mentioned, progress on these fronts is reflected in our second quarter results, as we had strong performance for a number of our key brands. This included double-digit sales increases for Nature's Recipe, Dunkin' Donuts and Jif and high single-digit growth for the Uncrustables, Café Bustelo and R.W. Knudsen brands, demonstrating the ability of our brands to win in the rapidly changing retail environment. Sequential volume trends for Folgers roast and ground coffee improved, with Folgers volume down 6% in the second quarter compared to a decline of 13% in the first quarter. This was a result of actions we have taken to manage relative and absolute pricing gaps to competition. With price investments made in advance of lower green coffee costs expected later in the fiscal year, the coffee segment profit decline was anticipated. These actions were necessary to protect competitive positioning in the near-term as coffee profitability will improve significantly in the back half of the year. This includes a projected record fourth quarter segment profit for coffee, primarily resulting from lower green coffee cost and cost savings initiatives. During the second quarter, we continued to make progress on our strategic roadmap, which was introduced on our year-end call in June. As we have noted, the roadmap consists of four foundational pillars: innovation, investment, cost savings, and acquisitions, and is a multi-dimensional strategy that provides a path to sustainable, long-term sales and earnings growth. Let me provide a few updates from the quarter. Starting with innovation. Recent product launches, including Dunkin' Donuts Cold Brew Coffee and Natural Balance high protein dog food offerings, both contributed to sales growth in the quarter. In total, products introduced in the past three years contributed 6% of second quarter net sales. In addition, we remain on track for the upcoming launches of Dunkin' Donuts coffee canisters and Milk-Bone Puffs dog treats, both of which will be available later this fiscal year. Our brand and innovation teams are preparing to launch new platforms that extend the reach of our iconic brands to meet consumer needs. This includes plans for Folgers coffee, Jif snacking and dog snacks that are all testing very positively with consumers and have already received fantastic customer feedback. We look forward to sharing more details at CAGNY as we get closer to the launch dates for these new platforms. Turning to another key pillar of our strategic roadmap, investment, our efforts to improve the competitive positioning of our dry dog food portfolio continue to pay off. We are now nine months into the grocery and mass channel rollout of our Nature's Recipe brand and momentum is growing. Net sales for the brand have exceeded our expectations, up 66% in the second quarter and 49% year-to-date, benefiting from a national advertising campaign which is driving brand awareness and accelerating consumer takeaway. In the latest 13-week period, Nature's Recipe has achieved a 4% share of the $2.2 billion premium dog food segment in these channels and continues to grow, despite increased competitive activity within the space. At retailers who have expanded their assortment to include additional pet specialty brands, Nature's Recipe continues to build momentum, as evidenced by unit velocity that is two times that of competitive dog food brands based on the latest 13-week data. Kibbles 'n Bits and Gravy Train dog food also performed well in the quarter with net sales up 2% and 10%, respectively, reflecting the successful execution of our pricing strategies. Combined with Nature's Recipe, our mainstream dog food net sales were up 17% in the quarter. In addition, consumer take away was up over 25% for the latest 13-week period in measured channels. We're also very pleased with the performance of Natural Balance, our super premium pet food brand that remains exclusive to the pet specialty and e-commerce channels. Net sales for Natural Balance were up mid-single-digits in the quarter, including a 61% increase within e-commerce, which now accounts for 20% of total sales for this $300 million brand. E-commerce remains a significant area of focus as we continue to place emphasis on this opportunity across our brands and businesses. Including Natural Balance, e-commerce sales for our pet food brands doubled in the quarter, while Jif peanut butter sales improved by over 75% and coffee sales in the channel increased over 150%. These represent some of the fastest-growing categories in e-commerce as they are well-suited for a subscription model. The channel is still relatively small with just over 2% of our U.S. retail sales coming from e-commerce in the second quarter. However, we are confident this will increase to at least 5% of net sales by fiscal 2020. In addition, we are working to improve margins by focusing on supply chain flexibility, customized products and packaging, and establishing go-to-market guidelines for pricing. Lastly, on the topic of investments, construction of our new Uncrustables sandwich facility in Longmont, Colorado, remains on track. When complete in fiscal 2020, we will have the capacity to double net sales from the $250 million level we project for the current fiscal year. Another key component of our strategic roadmap is generating cost savings to provide fuel for investments in top line growth and margin expansion. We are pleased to report that in the second quarter, we completed the realization of our $200 million pet food synergy program. In addition, this fiscal year we expect to achieve $100 million of our $250 million cost management program, a majority of which will be realized in the back half of the year. This amount includes benefits related to our new K-Cup agreement with Keurig Green Mountain which became effective during the second quarter. We are encouraged by our enhanced partnership with KGM and the growth opportunities ahead. This includes improved economics, greater operating flexibility, and KGM's renewed commitment to growing the platform. Specifically, a more competitive cost structure enables us to compete more effectively and gain a greater share of the K-Cup category where we have under-indexed, while also improving the profitability of our K-Cup business. In addition to lower costs, we can expand distribution of our brands in key channels and provide additional offerings for consumers through multiple pack sizes and new varieties. Lastly, we are encouraged by the steps KGM is taking to invigorate system growth including increased investment in advertising, bringing new innovation to market in the form of more affordable brewers, and focusing on sustainability. We also continue to progress on other cost savings programs including our initiative to strengthen cost discipline throughout the organization. While we will recognize some initial savings this year, we anticipate the benefits will have a greater impact in fiscal 2019 as we put the program in place during the upcoming budgeting season. Finally, we recently completed the consolidation of our Harahan coffee facility into our New Orleans manufacturing footprint two months ahead of schedule. Let me close my comments by reiterating that we are executing against a strategic roadmap that we set out to ensure a clear path to growth. And we'll continue to keep you posted on our progress. We remain focused on growing a balanced portfolio of brands in excellent categories as we capitalize on current consumer and retail trends. All of this ensures we deliver on our three key financial priorities of top line growth, achieving significant cost savings, and delivering earnings per share growth in line with our stated long-term objective. Lastly, I would like to thank all of our employees who have embraced a lot of change, understand our priorities, and continue to drive our company forward every day with their dedication. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by providing additional color on our second quarter results and then conclude with our updated outlook for the full year. GAAP earnings per share were $1.71 in the quarter compared to $1.52 in the prior year, an increase of 13% primarily due to reduction in special project costs in the current year. Excluding these costs and reflecting other non-GAAP adjustments summarized in this morning's press release, adjusted earnings per share were $2.02 compared to $2.05 in the prior year, a decrease of 1%. During our first quarter call in August, we guided toward a high single-digit percent decline in second-quarter adjusted earnings per share. The over delivery of earnings was attributed to increased net sales and a shift in certain marketing activities until later in the fiscal year. Net sales increased $10 million or 1% compared to the prior year, and improved sequentially from last quarter where we were down 4% versus the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Net price realization was higher adding 1% to the net sales driven by peanut butter and fruit spreads while foreign exchange also contributed slightly to sales growth. Volume mix had a negative 1 percentage point impact on net sales as declines in our oils and baking categories were partially offset by gains within mainstream dog food. Moving down the P&L, adjusted gross profit decreased $11 million or 1% reflecting the impact of lower volume mix. Commodity costs, notably green coffee, were higher in the quarter but were offset by the overall higher net pricing. Adjusted gross margin of 38.8% in the second quarter represented a decline of 80 basis points compared to the prior year, reflecting the anticipated increase in green coffee costs. However, gross margin improved sequentially from the first quarter and we expect this trend to continue into the third and fourth quarters. For the full year, we now project gross margin to increase approximately 50 basis points over 2017 reflecting anticipated cost savings and lower green coffee costs in the back half of the year. The reduction from our previous guidance of a 50 to 75 basis point improvement reflects higher than anticipated freight cost driven by industry-wide headwinds, which will mostly impact the last six months of 2018 and then continue into next fiscal year. SD&A decreased $2 million in the second quarter or 1% compared to 2017, reflecting incremental synergies and cost savings. These items were partially offset by expenses associated with the construction of the new Uncrustables facility and startup costs associated with upcoming coffee innovation. Factoring in all of this, as well as a $4 million unfavorable change in other operating expense, adjusted operating income declined $13 million or 3% compared to the prior year. Below operating income, moderately higher interest expense partially offset the benefit of a 3% reduction in shares outstanding, resulting from the company's share repurchase program executed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. Let me turn to the segment-specific results beginning with coffee. Net sales were flat for the prior year. The impact of the 6% list price increase in January this calendar year was mostly offset in the second quarter by increased trade investments on roast and ground coffee to improve competitive pricing. The net impact of volume mix was also neutral in the quarter as declines for the Folgers brand were offset by gains for Dunkin' Donuts and Café Bustelo. Net sales for Folgers declined 6% driven by roast and ground coffee as Folger K-Cups were in line with the prior year. For the overall Folgers brand, this was an improvement from the 12% sales decline a quarter ago. Sales for Dunkin' Donuts brand increased 17%, reflecting double-digit growth for both roast and ground and K-Cup offerings. And for Café Bustelo, net sales increased 4% against a strong prior-year comp of plus 20%. Coffee segment profit decreased 18%, consistent with the guidance we provided on our first quarter call. The decline was primarily due to an unfavorable price-to-cost relationship, reflecting significantly higher green coffee cost compared to the prior year. We remain confident that profit trends will improve sharply during the second half of the fiscal year, reflecting improved performance related to K-Cup and lower green coffee costs, which will mostly benefit the fourth quarter. In Consumer Foods, second quarter net sales were down 5% compared to the prior year as lower volume mix of 9% was only partially offset by higher pricing. Sales for the Jif and Smucker's brands increased 8% and 4%, respectively, benefiting from higher pricing. For Jif, the sales increase further reflected the anticipated reversal of certain timing factors that negatively impacted peanut butter results in the first quarter. Sales for the Crisco and Pillsbury brands each declined 20% for the quarter. For Crisco, the decline was largely anticipated due to loss distribution at a key retailer in the club channel that we will lap in the third quarter. In addition, prior-year results included a significant Crisco promotion that was not repeated in the current year. For Pillsbury, we chose not to match aggressive, competitive price points during the quarter in anticipation of an upcoming brand support during the key holiday season. Consumer Foods segment profit increased 10% compared to the prior year despite the profit impact associated with the volume mix decline of oils and baking. Segment profit margin improved 330 basis points. This continues to reflect successful execution of our pricing strategies and effective management of supply chain cost. A decrease in marketing expenses also contributed. Turning to the Pet Food segment, net sales increased 4% compared to the prior year, as volume and mix contributed 5 percentage points. This was only partially offset by lower price realization. Sales for our mainstream pet food brands increased 6%, driven by the 17% increase in dry dog food that Mark discussed. Within cat food, Meow Mix sales were up 2% in the quarter, but were offset by a 6% decline for the 9Lives brand. Within pet snacks, sales for Milk-Bone in the overall snacks portfolio were flat compared to the prior year. And, lastly, for premium pet food, sales for the Natural Balance brand increased 6% in the quarter. Pet Food segment profit increased 7%, compared to the prior year. This reflected the benefit of incremental synergies and cost savings initiatives, partially offset by higher marketing expense in support of the Nature's Recipe brand. While pet market expense was up 8% in the quarter, it trailed our original projections due to a shift in timing for certain marketing activities to the back half of the fiscal year. Lastly, in the International and Away From Home segment, net sales increased 5%, compared to the prior year, with foreign currency translation, volume mix and net price realization all contributing to sales growth. On a category basis, the higher sales were driven by gains across nearly all of our Away From Home categories as this business continues to outperform the broader industry. The segment profit increase was consistent with the sales growth for the quarter, up 4% compared with the prior year. Turning to cash flow, cash provided by operations was $130 million, compared to $136 million in the prior year. Factoring in capital expenditures of $60 million, free cash flow was $70 million in the second quarter 2018, bringing the first half total of the year to $305 million. We continue to project full year free cash flow of $775 million, assuming CapEx of $310 million. This is consistent with our historical pattern of stronger cash flow in the second half of the fiscal year. Let me now conclude with an update for our full year sales and earnings outlook. Our guidance excludes any potential post-closing impacts for the previously-announced agreement to acquire the Wesson brand. We now forecast full year net sales to be in the range of flat to down slightly compared to the prior year. This change in outlook primarily reflects the higher-than-anticipated sales in the second quarter. With regard to earnings, as we progress through the year, we're narrowing our guidance range reflecting both the improved sales outlook and the freight headwind I spoke to earlier. As a result, we're now guiding adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $7.75 to $7.90. Consistent with our commentary on our first quarter call, achievement of the middle to high end of this updated range is predicated on several factors primarily related to our Coffee business. These include continued improvement in volume trends for roast and ground coffee as a result of our pricing and merchandising activities, stronger performance of our Folgers K-Cups reflecting improved economics in the back half of the year, initial contributions from new coffee products planned for the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and meeting or exceeding our synergy and cost savings targets for 2018. Looking closer at the back last six months of the fiscal year, lower green coffee cost will have a greater benefit in the fourth quarter while the third quarter will experience a sharp increase in marketing expense over the same quarter last year reflecting our U.S. Olympic sponsorship. As a result, we expect much of the year-over-year earnings growth to occur in the fourth quarter. In closing, let me reiterate that we are pleased with this quarter's results and feel confident in delivering on our guidance for the fiscal year. We thank you for your time this morning and we will now open the call up to your question. Operator, if you could please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning, Andrew.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Just one for me. I think it seems that each food category has a kind of one consumer problem or benefit that if it can be solved it sort of opens up a new avenue of growth. And I realize some categories are just on the wrong side of sort of where consumers want to go. But I guess when it comes to roast and ground coffee, I know – I think you have more significant innovation planned for the end of the year and really into fiscal 2019 but I guess have you fully identified maybe what that key benefit is that roast and ground consumers are kind of looking for or the problem that you can sort of solve for them? And if so, I'm just curious what that is.
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Andrew, hi. Steve Oakland, I'll give that a shot. I think to suggest that there's one problem to solve in roast and ground coffee might be a little too easy. I think we've got so rich of consumer segmentation data today that we understand that there's a large business where Folgers flourishes, frankly, in the value channel, right? So if you think about the discount channels that are growing and who's building stores today. So we want to provide that consumer with a rich coffee experience that's very affordable but is branded. If you look at traditional groceries today, it's a convenience play. It's K-Cups, right? And if you look at who's merchandising K-Cups, it's the traditional grocery retailer across the country. And then there's the whole premium experience and how do we make that authentic, how do we make it experiential, how do we bring more. And I would argue Café Bustelo does that, right? So if you think about the needs we're solving in Bustelo, the needs we're solving in other ones. So I think, obviously, there are things we need to solve in every category. The breadth and reach and size of the coffee category – the fun part about it is there's a whole bunch of needs. It's fragmented. It's not as simple as it was 10 years ago that you could sell Folgers roast and ground. So the journey we're on and we've talked a lot about that, about improving our mainstream business, about positioning ourselves to participate significantly more in the premium business, both with Dunkin' and Bustelo, and then winning in K-Cups. And we made progress on all three of those in the quarter. We're excited as the innovation comes out later in the year to show you how we're solving in each one of those segments. But I just think our view on it is it's a complicated segment, there's a lot of opportunity but they're uniquely different by customer and by consumer.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you and good morning, everyone.
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning, David.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Two questions for me. The first one is bigger picture on the cost-savings programs, the various programs, and just your sense today of the delivery of those savings to the EBIT line versus the need to reinvest in the market. As you said in your script, the number one point is getting that sales growth. So I'd just like you guys to talk a little bit about – you've already achieved the $200 million from the pet food acquisition. I believe there is $250 million remaining in your program. So can you go over a little bit about the timing? And then really specifically, whether or not much more of this needs to be reinvested back into the business to achieve your primary goal?
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hey, David. This is Mark Belgya. Thanks for the question. Let me start here. So you hit on all the points correctly. We did achieve the rest of the $200 million and that leaves $250 million. And I think in our scripted comments we've said that we're going to have another $100 million coming through this fiscal, which is probably skewed a little bit more towards the Keurig contract than the other components that we've spoken to. In terms of how we're going to spend it, it really kind of goes across the board. We were very explicit when we talked about, if you recall, we went from the $200 million, the original pet synergies to $250 million. At incremental $50 million, we were specific to say all $50 million of that was going to be reinvested into the business. And then as we look at the incremental $200 million, I would just say it's a blend. One of the things that we have spoken about is that to support the innovation platforms that are coming to market over the next several quarters, it's absolutely imperative that we support them both with the retailer and to the consumer. So we will be spending some of that behind each of the respective platforms that you'll see coming to market. At the same time, we also said the profitability on our K-Cup will improve. So there you will see a flow-through the bottom line. While we will certainly benefit from the price on Folgers K-Cup and see a volume pick-up there, you will see margin improvement in the overall K-Cup category. And then I think just as we see the rest of it, it will be a blend of flowing through to help us achieve our strategic growth objective there as it relates to earnings. What we're not in a position to do, and I just candidly don't see us doing this, is just saying black-and-white of the $200 million; the X amount will go to reinvestment and Y will go to the bottom line. I think we will prudently think about how we spend that in the coming couple of years. And then lastly, the timeframe is such that that entire $450 million will be realized by the end of fiscal 2020.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Really appreciate that answer. One follow-up on the Coffee side. Just curious how fast you can get moving on the benefit of the freedom to operate within the new K-Cup contract? It seems like a very significant event for you guys, but, again, the speed of how fast you can take advantage of this new opportunity within the contract I think is interesting. I would love to hear your thoughts and comments. Thank you.
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Sure. Hi, David. I think if you dug deep in the numbers or if you walk to a club store, you'd see we've sort of got a running start on that, okay? So even though the economics didn't make sense, we worked with KGM to start to build pack sizes to put ourself in places where we knew we would benefit once the contract went into force. So I think it'll be sequential. You'll see impact in the third quarter and you'll see even more in the fourth quarter and I would expect it to be sequential into next year. I would remind you that we do about 20%, 21% of our business in K-Cups. The category is 41% K-Cups. So the opportunity for us to grow significantly, we think, is real. We made a running start and part of that is reflected in the numbers. And we don't like negative numbers, but we felt investing in getting ahead of this K-Cup opportunity was important. And so we'll start to take advantage of that a little bit this quarter and more in the fourth quarter.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: David, it's Mark Smucker. I think you heard both Mark and Steve's answers. I think it is good to point out that some of the flow-through at the bottom line that Mark referenced is both a combination of improved economics and increased sales.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. One quick one from me, and then a more broad one if I can. I just wanted to get a sense. Your pet sales came in I think a little bit better than most people were looking for. Was there any shipments ahead of consumption there that we should be aware of? I know you talked about mainstream dogs, but I'm just trying to get a sense for overall.
Barry C. Dunaway - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hi, Ken. This is Barry Dunaway. No, there were no anomalies as far as shipments this quarter. In fact, we had one retailer who shut shipments down just based on their year-end. And so we actually had fewer shipments because of that one retailer. So, no. To answer your question specifically, no anomalies.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you for that, Barry. And then this is a broader one. There's obviously a bunch of areas of concern for investors in the food space, and indulge me for a second as I list a couple of them. But you have customer consolidation, the growth of private label, customers potentially not accepting higher prices as easily. I know you guys have talked a little bit about maybe some of the foot dragging that goes along with that – better terms, better fill rates the customers were asking for. As you think about which of these concerns is the most legitimate and which is the most overstated, I'm just curious for your sense – because could you cover so much in the food industry in terms of your categories, how do we think about what's real and what's maybe imaginary so to speak?
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: All right. Ken, it's its Mark Smucker.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I'm putting you on the spot here. I'm sorry about that.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: There are – so there is – we've talked about the foot dragging. There has been some pricing pressures. What we keep coming back to is our success in that area. It's really our ability to maintain strong customer relationships. We've always had very strong customer relationships, being a category captain certainly helps. So as we've said in a number of our recent investor meetings, in our case, it is more, I would say, delayed execution of pricing but still successful execution of pricing. I think the private label comment and I think we would tell you and again we said this in investor meetings is that we have not seen from a private label perspective anything particularly different in this recent private label push versus ones in the past. And so obviously that's something that we will watch very carefully. We continue to point to the fact that – that U.S. consumers are particularly brand loyal and that bodes well for our brands. And so I guess if I could comment on those two, and then I guess I would reserve any commentary on customer consolidation. I don't know if anybody has anything to add around the table but...
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Yeah. Ken, this is Steve. We saw the consolidation, the national – when Kroger went national and when a number of these things happened. I think it is a tough retail environment. I think there's a lot of question on the role of e-commerce. There's click and collect. A couple of our retailers are just super successful with click and collect. So I think there's a lot of question on how to serve the consumer today as we transition to a consumer that's much more digitally connected. I would tell you some of the meetings we're having. The level of dialogue is very rich. Those places where you're a category captain, where you're important to the retailer, and most of our big brands that we are in that situation – the dialogue is very rich. I think there's going to be a lot of test and learn in the interim, but I would say I think we're encouraged by the recent results by some of our biggest customers and how strong their business is. I think you can look at our results and you could say well that's a mirror of those results. So I would say I think that dialogue is working. So I think it's hard for us to comment on any one of those things. I think they all exist differently depending on the category and the impact on that category depending on your position in the category. If you're a number two or three brand, I think it's a tough place to be right now.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Ken, it's Mark again. Just a couple of things. We continue to preach big brands are not dead and there is a continued role for those, both in e-commerce and in traditional brick-and-mortar. What we are very pleased with in this quarter is in virtually every one of our businesses, the brands that we intended to grow did grow. And so I think from our perspective that speaks to the fact that our strategy is working.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic of SIG. Your line is now open.
Aatish Shah - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi. Good morning. This is actually Aatish Shah for Pablo.
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning.
Aatish Shah - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Good morning. Just two quick questions; first related to Coffee and then the second on Pet Food. On the Coffee front, as K-Cup has becomes a larger part of the coffee market and of your own Coffee segment, does that mean the Coffee segment becomes less of a pass-through category? And as such, should we expect more margin volatility in the future? Also, is roast and ground becoming less of a pass-through category? We ask this because you're guiding for a record 4Q coffee margins. Given the lower coffee costs, we would imagine that it will get passed on. Any color on this and the coffee margin bridge for 2Q and the second half would be helpful.
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Sure. I do think, as we talked about earlier, K-Cups are 40% of the business today. I think the good news on your question there when it comes to green coffee volatility – green coffee, quite frankly, is a small part of the cost of a K-Cup. So if you think about what's going on in K-Cup, it's really packaging distribution technology co-pack agreement. So green coffee has a much smaller role in the margin structure. So I think, by nature, you're going to have less volatility in it, right? Unless we get the coffee at extreme, extreme prices. So I actually think that'll be good for us all, long-term. I think you'll see more stable margins, because green coffee, frankly, isn't as big of a deal on it. With regards to the pass-through categories, I think Ken touched on this in the last question. I think pass-through is a little bit more difficult right now. I think we have to look at our green coffee purchasing organization on our strategy. We have great results when we are priced at certain price points. And so we need to make sure we hit those price points as often as we can. I'm not suggesting we can't push price through, but I'm just suggesting we understand better how the Folgers brand performs, where it performs, in what channels, and we just have to have that pricing right. And that pricing right means not just absolute price point but gap with our major competitor. The other thing I would say that's going on is the growth of premium. And premium, historically, has had less price volatility in it because all the players don't pass price at the same time. A part of that is driven by the length of the supply chain of premium coffees, et cetera. So I would argue the fragmentation of the category, in general, I guess to bring us all together, will make it less volatile versus more volatile, long-term; K-Cups being the biggest impact on that.
Aatish Shah - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: That's great. And if I could just squeeze one in on Pet Food?
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Sure.
Aatish Shah - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Is there an imperative to increase exposure to the faster-growing Natural Pet Food segment? And if so, would this be through maybe taking Natural Balance to FDM and/or acquiring other natural pet food brands?
Barry C. Dunaway - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hi, Aatish. This is Barry. Let me add some color to that. We had stated previously that we are committed to keeping Natural Balance in the pet specialty channel. We believe that we continue to be consumer-led as we think about that brand, and we think those consumers are looking for that brand specifically within the pet specialty channel. Based on the performance of Nature's Recipe, which you saw the numbers, we think that is the right brand for grocery en masse, and I think the performance is playing out as we expected. So, no. Natural Balance will continue to be focused in pet specialty. M&A acquisitions of other brands will be part of our growth strategy, and clearly we'll look for brands in pet specialty, just like we would across grocery en masse.
Aatish Shah - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: That's great. If I could, just one more quick one – going back to Coffee, is there a negative mix issue since Dunkin' is growing faster than Folgers, especially in the K-Cup category? And if there's any kind of color in terms of the margin difference between the two?
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: In general, no. The premium coffee margins are at or above our segment margins. And now that we've solved the K-Cup issue, I think we're in much better shape there. So, previously, I would have said yes on K-Cups only, but not now.
Aatish Shah - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hey, John.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: A question for Mark, maybe Belgya. As part of your savings initiatives, you've really been focused on trade spend and getting the efficiencies there. And we've seen a pretty significant improvement in your subsidized volumes over the past few quarters, and it's really across the board. It's been dog foods, spreads, peanut butter, coffee, right on down the line. And the magnitude really it seems you need to cross the industry, so can you speak a little bit to the execution there? I mean what's going to be changed in your approach to trade promotion? What inning are you in in terms of the improvement there? Any comments would be appreciated.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Okay. John. I'll start and then maybe look to Steve. So as we talked – whatever six months, a year ago, when we first came out with our cost savings programs and then we had, I think, six items or six categories, certainly, trade was one of those revenue growth management. And so we have just been actively – we use the term – it's just blocking and tackling, but we've been actively trying to address this. We've got a dedicated team following the pet acquisition that is spending more time on that, we're adding the analytics capabilities and again there's – just making sure that each dollar spent is we're getting the maximum efficiency out of each of that. And then I think just the fact that we've elevated the importance both through the savings program and just to the respective individuals that are responsible for managing the efficiencies. I think it's a combination. I don't know, Steve, if I'd say anything dramatically or specifically we would say we're doing differently, although we're continuing to look at ways...
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Yeah. I think it's a much more effective group. We have a new system application that we're in the middle of installing to help them, to give them even more data. I would say it also goes back to we're having some very rich customer dialogue. It no longer is that the customer is just trying to collect trade funds the customer wants us to grow the business as well. So the dialogue with the customer, if you have the right information and you're the category captain, the dialogue can be very rich. And I would argue that's happening across Pet; it's happening across our Food businesses and our Coffee business.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. And are there – just in terms of thinking forward, are there any certain categories where you feel like you can still maybe do a better job overall or just some sort of basis of innings where you are in terms of the progress there going forward?
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: We haven't had the question on our Food business yet today, but we might get one. And if you look at some of the – and there'll be some sequential lumpiness in our Food businesses because we spend trade on Crisco. We spend trade on baking. That team has decided and brought us a model which suggests it's much better to spend that trade during the periods when the consumer is really in the category, okay? And so you saw our oils business and our baking business down substantially in the summer. You'll see those trends improve dramatically here in the fall bake period. So I think what we're learning is there's an opportunity for us to be much more targeted to align our promotional spending with one that consumers really in the aisle or really online, really looking forward to recipes so they react to both our trade and our shopper marketing – those other things we do. So as we work on those, you might see some sequential changes in business, and I would argue the food businesses is one of those right now. We took some of the spending that we would have normally spent in the summer and spent it on our other growth brands – on peanut butter and fruit spreads, on Uncrustables. And we are turning on the promotional spend on those baking categories now. So I think as we get better, as we learn how to target this to both the retailers' needs and the consumers' needs, it will just become more effective, right?
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: John...
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: And less is great; effective is better.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah.
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: So I mean we're happy to spend trade dollars if we get a return. When you don't get a return, that's the wrong time to spend it.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Yes. John, this is Mark Smucker. I think Steve painted the picture extremely well. I would only add that I would – to answer your question specifically, I don't view that our capabilities are really any different by category. We have a centralized team that really manages the deployment of trade funds, but our individual sales folks are responsible for managing them at the customer level. But specifically, your question about innings – we're doing a much better job right now of managing category by category, so the capabilities are consistent across. But as Steve mentioned, we are in the midst of upgrading our systems and that is basically a year-and-a half to two-year process. So as we go forward, we will continue to gain benefit and it will probably be, I think, in fiscal 2020 that we get sort of the full benefit and even enhanced capabilities to manage that trade more effectively.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much very. Very helpful.
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning, Akshay.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning.
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Okay. I'm going to try to catch those. There's a number of questions embedded in there actually, so I'll try to get them for you. First of all, I would say, yes, there is a replacement cycle and I don't know that we're really the right people to comment on that. I will comment on the fact that they brought the first real, what I would consider, innovation to that and that is a price point. We see that new brewer promoted under $50, right? At our largest retailer, we see it online at that number. So the fact that they're adding new price point is just, by definition, will bring a new consumer base into this, right? So for the first time in a number of years, I think, we have confidence that we will have a household penetration gain and we have confidence they're doing two things. They're investing in marketing and they're investing in equipment, right? And so both of those things we view as very positive for the segment and I would hope will drive household penetration. I think certainly it's fair to assume that this lower price point machine will bring new consumers into the marketplace. And quite frankly they're doing this as retailers where we are very successful, where we have great share, so that also intrigues us. Your comments on the category are correct. We think there's an opportunity to as much as double our K-Cup business over time. That has to happen by very, very different mechanics depending on the brand. The Bustelo business, right? We have to continue to expand reach. That business is small but growing very, very quickly. Dunkin' has a great opportunity as we get into flavors, as we get into pack sizes as we – we have the shackles taken off of us for channels and distribution. So Dunkin' is growing – Dunkin' is our – next to dog food, Dunkin' K-Cups is our best online item and a tremendous item at the largest online retailers. And then Folgers is really about competing in that lower price point, that mainstream price point. And we're now positioned with a cost structure that allows us to bring Folgers back to those price points that we needed to be. So I think the work will be different across brands. And then I think the innovation that we'll show you at CAGNY will have another look at a K-Cup opportunity. So, for us, to make that ambition of doubling our K-Cup business, we will need to add SKUs, we will need to add brands, and we'll need to add distribution and I think hopefully you'll start to see us do that.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: That's very helpful. And one for Mark. So in terms – Mark Smucker, that – in terms of the longer-term initiatives, M&A has really been the major sort of value unlock for investors in Smucker's over time, right? So recently, you've seen a big correction in valuations in the public market. Rates are starting to move up. Can you just give us your view of what's happening in sort of your world? Are you seeing more reasonable valuations? What does the pipeline look like and is the probability of larger deal greater now than it has been? Or like just give us a high-level view of what's happening on the M&A side if anything has changed?
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: So, Akshay, thanks for the question. I think from a macro perspective, obviously, we're all very aware of the adjustment that occurred in our entire industry and our peer group, largely driven by news around what's happening in the e-commerce space. I think you can point to, particularly in the last few days, some decent performance by two of our largest customers that are historically brick-and-mortar retailers. And so, from our view, we think the correction, if you will, may have been – our opinion would be there was an overcorrection and that is, we believe, substantiated both by some of the results of some of our larger customers as well as our performance this quarter and our outlook. From an M&A perspective, we can't talk about specifics. We do still believe that M&A is very important and is one of the four key pillars of our strategic roadmap. And it goes without saying that we continue to keep our lines in the water and look at a number of opportunities. But, as always, we are prudent and diligent and we want to make the right acquisitions at the right price, so that we can generate a return for our investors. And so, at the end of the day, we still have a responsibility to our shareholders to deliver returns. And then, as it relates to large or small lines in the water for both of those opportunities but, again, it's one of those things where we just can't control timing. Thanks for the question.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Yeah. And just one last one, again for you, Mark. If you leave M&A aside, you've got the three other initiatives. What do you feel the best about in terms of which of those initiatives are most likely to have the most meaningful impact on your P&L and shareholder value over the next – whatever, five years? Like long-term, what do you feel best about of those three initiatives in terms of where you'll see the biggest unlock for investors? Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Akshay, this is Mark Belgya. I want to comment on something related to that and then I'll turn it to Mark to the degree he wants to comment on the platforms that we haven't exposed to the rest of you. So, that's a little difficult but – and I've made this point to some investors over the past few months. If you want to look at the near-term absolute best opportunities, I would say, it's our Uncrustables and it's our Café Bustelo. If you think about what we've said publicly over the last two, three, four months, the construction of Longmont provides us the opportunity to double the capacity of our current sales which are $250 million. Our Bustelo business is about $125 million which we feel also can be doubled in over the next several years. So, just those two pieces alone are $350 million to $400 million worth of top line growth, so that's the near end. Mark, I don't know if you want to comment specifically on the platforms because, again, we haven't really – we've talked about them but we haven't scaled them in. So I'm not sure that you have a preference over which one of the three is the best opportunity for them.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: No. I agree with Mark. I think both of the opportunities that he mentioned are not only we have the ability to double but we have the ability to double them profitably. And they both continue to generate at least or right around corporate average profitability. So, those are both very important. And then, just we will continue to be disciplined on our cost management program. So, those are very important for our ability to support our growth.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Perfect. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Farha Aslam of Stephens. Your line is now open.
Greg Nep - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning. This is Greg Nep on for Farha.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Morning, Greg
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Morning, Greg.
Greg Nep - Stephens, Inc.: I wanted to drill into the pet food business a little bit. You mentioned that there was some marketing expenses that got pushed out into the second half of the year. Can you help us understand what the – kind of quantify the impact of that? And then, revenues they were strong despite that marketing push out. Will that marketing kind of, as it heads into the second half, sort of help accelerate that top line? Hello. Can you hear me?
Barry C. Dunaway - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Yes. I'm sorry. Greg, this is Barry. So, you wanted to – some color on the marketing shift?
Greg Nep - Stephens, Inc.: Yes. That's what – yeah. As a – kind of the marketing shifts out in the pet food into the second half of the year, I just wanted to understand the impact on margins that had in the second quarter?
Barry C. Dunaway - The J. M. Smucker Co.: It wasn't – it really wasn't significant to be honest. It was not a material impact on our segment profit. And just as we plan the year and now that we're actually executing our marketing plans, it's really just modest shifting in specific executions of marketing activities. So, not a material impact on Q2 or – and we wouldn't expect it in the balance of the year.
Greg Nep - Stephens, Inc.: Got it. And then, if I can sort of drill into cash flow a little bit. I'd noticed that the sort of the expectations for full year cash flow is maintained despite the slightly lower EPS guide. Are there any offsetting factors in working capital that we should be thinking about in the second half of the year?
Barry C. Dunaway - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Yeah. Right now, I think that what we – obviously, we've kept our CapEx. We're just – we think that there's some opportunities just generally as we move into the last couple of months of the year, both from the inventory and just the payables, receivables that will try to cover that shortfall that's coming from the earnings, but we still feel confident that we can get this $775 million.
Greg Nep - Stephens, Inc.: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thanks for the question.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hey, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Very specifically, I had seen coffee futures starting to rise because of bad weather conditions in Vietnam and then, perhaps, even some concerns about South America. Are you seeing that as well in your forward outlook heading into fiscal 2019, and should we start to worry about that? And then, also your comments about freight, can I assume that that's not a cost that you can pass on to your customers, because they're experiencing higher freight as well? Thanks.
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Sure. Hi, Rob. I would suggest that our opinion is there's going to be a lot of Arabica coffee in the world next year. I think near-term volatility on these things based on one week's weather forecast or two weeks' weather forecast is it'll drive you crazy if you chase it on a day-to-day basis. As you can imagine, we look at it day to day, so we know that for sure, but you can't let that happen. The macro environment of an on-cycle crop and where we are in the process would suggest that we think coffee futures will be fine. Remember, in the first quarter of last year, coffee was like $1.55, right? And so, you've got – we're talking about moving from $1.25 to $1.30 type of thing now, so significantly better coffee costs as we roll forward. We think it's going to be a good quality and size crop, which we think is good for all of us. With regard to freight, I think yes. I think passing freight on right now will be difficult for all of us. The challenge in front of us is to work with our customer to get absolutely as much pickup and to make our freight system the most effective it can be, and I know our team is doing that. But I think we all understand what's going on in the macro freight world, what's happened because of the storms this year, the new driver of logbook issues, all of those things are going to drive tightness in the freight market for the near term.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hi, Jason.
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you for squeezing me in here. Much appreciated and congratulations on a relatively solid quarter.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Thank you.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: A couple of questions. First, this – the hurricane, was there any benefit in results this past quarter?
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Jason, this is Mark Smucker. We saw some elevated shipments at the beginning of the quarter. But given the fact that it was early on in the quarter, we do – and that was in advance of the one that hit Texas. Given the timing of it, we do think we saw some reversal of that later in the quarter, so we actually think the – sort of the impact was all contained within the quarter. So, we don't expect any blowback in the next quarter.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful. And on your pet performance, can you give us your assessment of how your portfolio is performing in accounts where Blue Buffalo has distribution?
Barry C. Dunaway - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Sure, Jason. This is Barry. The comments, actually, that Mark made in his prepared remarks reflected that performance. So, where we have a presence in the same retailers where that competitive brand also has a presence, we are seeing our velocity is at 2x what that brand's performance has been at least since they've been in the market. So, our velocities are growing, they're two times based on points of distribution, and we see velocities increasing. So, again, we have a unique value proposition for the consumer. We have national distribution. We – that was a lift in place with that brand when we took it from pet specialty. We're going to be bringing out some refreshed packaging. We also are going to be adding some new items where we're going to be replacing some of the lower performing items. So, overall performance outstanding year-to-date especially including those retailers where we both have a presence and momentum growing.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah, that's great news. Sorry I missed that in prepared remarks.
Barry C. Dunaway - The J. M. Smucker Co.: No, it's fine.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Last question, then I'll pass it on. I heard comments on terms of sort of the cadence of cost relief fourth quarter, heavy; cadence of cost saves, kind of tilting fourth quarter; and cadence of marketing spend, a bit three quarter heavy. It sounds like you're talking or sort of suggesting muted earnings growth in the third quarter? Is there any way you can sort of contextualize that for us?
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hey, Jason, this is Mark. What I would say is just that – from our, I guess, just more from our top line growth perspective is that we see growth in the back half, we tweaked up our top line guidance, and we've seen the volume growth come from particularly in coffee as we see they – both on KGM pass-through at K-Cup and then the price support on roast and ground. So, I'm not sure, really, there's not too much more to add to that.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks a lot, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, everyone. Thanks for the question as well. I appreciate it.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just two follow ups on coffee or one follow up and one quick clarification. You mentioned in the guidance comments that getting toward the higher end of the range was going to be dependent on continued roast and ground improvement, and then the outcome in K-Cups as you move into the back half. We have seen scanner data, consumption data improve for roast and ground versus Q1, but it's still been a little bit choppy. Low single-digits some months, down high single-digits in other. So, just curious how consistent the improvement has been? And if you could just give us a little bit of color on the current competitive pricing dynamic in the category?
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Well, I think what you've seen in the data just reflects the four-week nature of the data, and the four-week nature of the competitive set. So, it will be lumpy on that. I think if you look at 12-week data, it's a little bit better way to look at it. I think we are priced where we need to be. I think we have support from our retail partners on core roast and ground that we're excited about and that would be against both our Folgers business and our Dunkin' business. So, we think that – we think you may still see monthly choppiness, I mean, that's going to happen in this business always, right? But we think as you roll it up on quarter-to-quarter, we think we're in good shape. I think it's too early to talk about next year. We'll settle the coffee costs that we're talking about be passed on or not. I think that's something we'll see as we get into the fourth quarter. But I feel good about it, right? And in the K-Cup business, as we spoke earlier, we understand what price points need to be on K-Cups. So, that promotional volume, I think, is pretty easy to project for us. So, those things are set, the big events on roast and ground are set, and I think as we get through, at least, through third quarter and into fourth quarter, we have pretty good visibility.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Matthew, this is Mark Smucker. I would just characterize – I think Steve said it well. I think I would just characterize the headlines are on K-Cup, we're executing it and we feel very confident that that – the new agreement and our actions are going to deliver particularly in the back half and beyond. And then, the headline on roast and ground is the activities we have in place with our key retail partners are very strong, and that's what gives us sort of the confidence going forward through the next six months.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, both, for that. And then, just to clarify, the comment around, I think, reaching all-time high levels of profitability in the coffee segment in Q4. Is that meant to be just in terms of absolute EBIT dollars or percentage margin as well?
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: It's dollars and it's a fourth-quarter comment, just to be clear. It's the record for a fourth quarter not a record for any quarter but it's dollars. Which may, actually, probably translate into margin percent as well.
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Yeah, yes. It's – and it's just where all of this is going to fall, right? And so we reiterate, we manage this on a full year basis, right? The plans we give our team are for the year. We speak to you all quarterly, obviously, but we run the business, hopefully, on a much longer-term basis than that. So, we will have times when we have great quarters fall through and it looks like the fourth will be one of those.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Yeah, Matt. This is Mark Belgya. Just to add a little bit to Steve's points and maybe just to call out why we're being a – that specific of that and, candidly, that's a little out of character for us to call something like that out. There's been a lot of questions as we've met with investors over the course of the fall and they've come out of the first quarter. We basically talked about what was going to drive the back half in coffee and then there was this conversation, well, how does it shakeup between Q3 and Q4 and I think just in an effort to try and get a little clarity to the investor as to dollarize it without being black and white, that was just another data point that we wanted to provide.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And the full year expectation would still be, I think, you said on the first quarter call, that full year margins would be roughly in that 31% to 32% range?
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Yeah. I think we said that it would be in the low 30s which is sort of the historical, so.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you again.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from the line of Chuck Cerankosky of Northcoast Research. Your line is now open.
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hey, Chuck.
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning.
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: If possible, could you give us an update on where the Wesson oil acquisition is and if your confidence about closing it has changed at all?
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hi, Chuck. Steve. No, our confidence hasn't changed. Unfortunately, these things are cumbersome and so we are in the process of all of the documents going to them. We feel comfortable that shortly after that we'll announce a close but, unfortunately, just the nature of that process, where that agency is right now, it's taking a little longer than we'd hoped. But it's not – it does not affect our confidence. It's more a mechanical thing than a – than anything else.
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: >: That's great news. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I'll turn the conference back to management to conclude.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Well, we want to thank everyone for your time today and taking the time to listen. Again, we always – as always, want to thank our employees because they are the ones that make it all happen. And we will talk to you all soon. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-08-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Smucker - CEO Mark Belgya - CFO Steven Oakland - President U.S. Food & Beverage Barry Dunaway - President Pet Food & Pet Snacks David Lemmon - President, Canada and International, and U.S. Away From Home Aaron Broholm - VP, IR
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Ken Goldman - JPMorgan David Driscoll - Citigroup Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Alexia Howard - AB Bernstein Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company’s Fiscal 2018 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers after the presentation. Please limit yourself to two initial questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you then have additional questions. I will now turn the conference call over Aaron Broholm, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our fiscal 2018 first quarter earnings conference call. Mark Smucker, President and CEO; and Mark Belgya, Vice Chair and CFO will provide our prepared comments. Also participating in the Q&A are Steven Oakland, Vice Chair and President, U.S. Food and Beverage; Barry Dunaway, President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks; and Dave Lemmon, President, Canada and International, and U.S. Away From Home. Dave recently assumed responsibility for our Away From Home business along with maintaining his previous role leading our international businesses. As noted in this morning’s press release, Away From Home is the new name for what we previously referred to as our Foodservice business. This better captures the scope of this business as we look to meet the needs of consumers beyond just traditional Foodservice outlets to all Away From Home locations such as universities and health care facilities. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning’s press release, which is located on our corporate Web site at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally as detailed in the press release. We have posted to our Web site a supplementary slide deck summarizing the quarterly results and our updated fiscal 2018 outlook, which can be accessed through the link to the webcast of this call. These slides and a replay of this call will be archived on our Web site. If you have additional questions after today’s call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Today, I will begin with a few thoughts on our first quarter results and full year outlook as it relates to our coffee business before providing an update on our strategic roadmap. During our year-end call in June, we guided toward a mid-teen percent decline in the first quarter adjusted earnings per share compared to the prior year. This was driven by several factors, including lapping a strong comp in the prior year particularly in coffee, increased pet food marketing expense and an unfavorable price to cost relationship for both coffee and pet. Adjusted EPS came in 3% below our internal projections for the quarter. This was primarily due to softer than anticipated results for our coffee segment as volume for Folgers roast and ground coffee fell short of expectations. In response, we adjusted everyday and promoted price points on Folgers coffee to improve our competitive positioning. As a result, volume trends improved as we proceeded through the quarter and continuing into August. In addition, we are introducing larger canisters on a promotional basis. This is expected to drive further volume improvements in roast and ground. These pricing actions are in advance of the lower grain coffee cost we expect to realize later in the fiscal year. The related profit impact is reflected in the full year outlook that Mark will discuss in a few moments. We believe these actions are necessary to protect our competitive positioning in the near term. Longer term, we remain on track on our cost savings initiatives, notably related to anticipated improved KCup economics and upcoming innovation that will support sustained growth for our coffee and snacking segments. We are confident that our multidimensional strategy provides a clear path to sustainable long-term sales and earnings growth for our company overall. First, our brands participate in excellent categories; coffee, pet, peanut butter and snacking. Second, with a solid mix of leading iconic brands and expanding on-trend brands, we have a strong portfolio that is adaptable to meet consumer needs. Third, we have reorganized and strengthened key functions within the company to be more agile in responding to customer needs and consumer behavior and added new capabilities to drive future growth. Building on these strengths we are executing on a robust strategic roadmap that is guiding our actions, investments and focus over the next three years. At the highest level, this plan is about balancing a focus on the top line both organically and through acquisitions with a diligent approach to cost savings allowing us to deliver earnings per share growth. As part of this plan, we are placing added emphasis on the fastest growing segments within our categories with the goal of transforming our portfolio over time. Critical to our success will be continuing to invest in emerging growth brands such as Café Bustelo, Sahale Snacks, Smucker's Uncrustables and Nature's Recipe. At the same time, we are developing new platforms for our larger iconic brands such as Jif, Folgers and Milk-Bone. By disproportionally investing in these key growth brands and platforms, we will better align our portfolio with changing consumer eating patterns which increasingly center around premiumization, snacking and authentic brands to support a cause or higher purpose. When we introduced our roadmap during the year-end call in June, we stated our commitment to keeping you updated on our progress along the way. So let me highlight key successes since then. We had strong first quarter performance across a number of our key brands including double-digit sales increases for Dunkin' Donuts and Café Bustelo coffee, Smucker's Uncrustables frozen sandwiches and Nature's Recipe dog food. In addition, Kibbles 'n Bits sales increased mid-single digits as the brand continues to benefit from pricing and other actions to improve its competitive positioning.  Our investments in innovation are starting to payoff and are critical to future top line growth. For example, during the quarter we launched several new on-trend products including Dunkin' Donuts Cold Brew and naturally flavored Folgers Simply gourmet coffee, new natural balanced, high protein offerings and Meow Mix Simple Servings wet cat food. While line extensions and close-end innovations such as these will play a role in our path to growth, we will also launch new platforms that extend the strength of our iconic brands to meet consumer needs. To that end, our marketing and innovation teams continue to make great strides and we look forward to sharing more news in the coming months regarding plans for Folgers, Jif and our pet snacks brand. We are now six months into the grocery and mass channel rollout of our Nature’s Recipe brand and we remain enthusiastic about the performance with net sales up 32% in the first quarter. The quality of execution, speed to market and scope of the expanded distribution is a reflection of our improved agility, while capitalizing on the size and scale of our resources. During the quarter, we began a national advertising campaign which is driving brand awareness and accelerating consumer takeaway. In the latest 13-week period, Nature’s Recipe has already achieved over a 3% share of the $2.2 billion premium dog food segment in these channels. While competitive activity has increased in the fast-growing premium segment of the grocery, mass and ecommerce channels, this was anticipated in our launch plans and we remain confident in our ability to grow Nature’s Recipe in this space. We are also pleased with the performance of Natural Balance, our super premium pet food brand that remains exclusive to the pet specialty and ecommerce channels. Net sales for Natural Balance were up 7% in the quarter. This past quarter, we transitioned our pet food research and development team from California to our new state-of-the-art facility on our corporate campus. With this milestone, we have established a centralized R&D location in Orrville, Ohio facilitating collaboration and information sharing across the businesses and our supply chain organization. In June, we broke ground on our new Uncrustables sandwich plant in Longmont, Colorado. When complete in 2020, we will have the capacity to double sales from the $225 million level we’ve realized over the past 12 months, which includes this quarter’s double-digit sales growth. Within ecommerce, we completed the redesign of our organizational structure this quarter with centralized resources focusing on marketing, innovation and supply chain initiatives across all our brands and businesses. Ecommerce sales for our pet food brands grew 85% in the quarter while coffee sales in the channel more than doubled. With just under 2% of our sales coming from ecommerce, there’s plenty of upside in the next few years. Finally, in Canada, our introduction of Jif peanut butter in retail outlets has been well received. During the latest 12-week period, the brand has already achieved a 4% share of the $270 million Canadian peanut butter category and distribution will continue to expand. A key component of our strategy is generating cost savings to provide the fuel for investments in top line growth and margin expansion. We remain on track to achieve the $140 million in incremental synergies and cost savings targeted for fiscal '18. During the first quarter, we implemented our organizational redesign initiative reducing salary positions by 7% and we kicked off our ZBB spend management program. Lately, we remain on track to complete the consolidation of our Harahan coffee facility into our other New Orleans manufacturing plants by the end of the calendar year. So in summary, we are well down the path of transforming our company with new capabilities, a clear strategic plan and specific actions to ensure sustainable long-term growth. We participate in excellent categories with the mix of leading brands and expanding on-trend brands. We are capitalizing on current consumer and retail trends, increasing our focus on faster growth areas. And finally, we are confident in delivering on our three key financial priorities of top line growth, achieving significant cost savings and delivering earnings per share growth in line with our stated long-term objective. Before turning the call over to Mark, I would like to welcome the newest members of our Board of Directors. At our annual shareholder meeting last week, Dawn Willoughby and Kirk Perry were elected to our Board. Dawn is Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of The Clorox Company and Kirk serves as the President of Brand Solutions at Google. Both Dawn and Kirk have extensive experience at consumer goods companies and we look forward to the valuable insights and contributions they will bring to our Board. I would like to close by thanking all of our employees for their efforts and continued dedication as we move forward. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I will begin by providing additional color on our first quarter results and will then conclude with the outlook for the full year. GAAP earnings per share were $1.12 in the quarter compared to $1.46 in the prior year reflecting non-GAAP adjustments which are summarized in this morning’s press release. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.51 compared to $1.86 in the prior year, a decrease of 19% and as Mark noted 3% behind our expectations. Net sales decreased by $67 million or 4% in the first quarter compared to our original expectations of being flat year-over-year. Lower volume mix had a 5 percentage point impact on net sales, approximately half which was related to coffee while oils drove a 1 percentage point of the volume mix decline. Net price realization was higher adding 1% to net sales. Adjusted gross profit decreased $69 million or 10% mostly reflecting the impact of lower volume mix. In addition, commodity costs were higher in the quarter most notably for green coffee and were partially offset by the higher net pricing. Adjusted gross margin declined 240 basis points to 37.2% in the quarter. For the full year, we project gross margin to increase 50 to 75 basis points over 2017 driven by anticipated cost savings and lower green coffee cost in the back half of the year. SD&A decreased $6 million in the first quarter or 2% compared to 2017. This reflected incremental synergies and cost savings which were partially offset by a 6% increase in marketing and expense. Factoring all this in, adjusted operating income declined $64 million or 17% compared to the prior year. The low operating income, higher interest expense and an unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange partially offset the benefit of a 3% reduction in shares outstanding resulting from the company’s share repurchase program executed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. Let me now turn to segment results beginning with coffee. First quarter net sales decreased 6% as lower volume mix of 8% was partially offset by higher net price realization. Net sales for the Folgers brand declined 12% driven by lower volume for roast and ground and KCup offering. Conversely, sales for Dunkin’ Donuts increased 10% reflecting strong KCup growth while Café Bustelo had another good quarter up 12%. Coffee segment profit decreased 29% primarily due to the lower volume mix. An unfavorable price-to-cost relationship in the quarter also contributed to this decline. We were projecting an approximately 20% decline in segment profit for the quarter. We anticipate our pricing and merchandizing actions related to Folgers roast and ground coffee will result in improved volume trends in the second quarter but the unfavorable price-to-cost gap will continue. As a result, we are projecting a high-teen percent decline in coffee segment profit for the second quarter as compared to the prior year. However, looking at the back half of the year we expect these profit trends to shift dramatically. This reflects improved economics related to KCup which will begin in the third quarter and lower green coffee cost which will mostly benefit the fourth quarter. In consumer foods, first quarter net sales were down 8% compared to the prior year as lower volume mix of 11% was only partially offset by higher pricing. The sales decline was driven by the Crisco and Pillsbury brands, both down 21% for the quarter. For Crisco, a decline was anticipated reflecting loss distribution at a key retailer in the club channel. For Pillsbury, persistent competitive activity and soft category performance continued to impact top line trends. Also contributing to lower consumer food sales in the quarter were declines across several natural food brands and a 4% decrease for the Jif brand, both of which are expected to be mostly timing related. For the Smucker’s brand, lower fruit spread sales were mostly offset by a 13% increase for Uncrustables frozen sandwiches. Consumer food segment profit was flat compared to the prior despite the sales decline. The top line softness was offset by effective management of supply chain cost and successful execution of our pricing strategies. A decrease in marketing expense also contributed. Timing related sales declines impacted first quarter profitability within our natural foods portfolio. Turning now to the pet food segment, net sales were flat compared to the prior year as higher volume mix contributing 2 percentage points was offset by lower price realization. Taking a closer look at the key components of this segment, sales for our mainstream pet food brands increased 3%. This was driven by our dog food portfolio with Nature’s Recipe up 32% and Kibbles 'n Bits up 5%. Cat food sales declined 3% partially attributable to 9Lives as private label activity continues to impact brands that participate in the value segment in the cat food category. Within pet snacks, Milk-Bone sales were comparable to the prior year; however, increased competitive activity and lapping prior year promotional activities impacted the broader snack portfolio, most notably the Pup-Peroni brand. This resulted in overall pet snack sales declining 6%. For premium pet foods, sales for the Natural Balance brand increased 7% in the quarter. Contributions from innovation and nearly 50% growth in the ecommerce sales offset softness in the pet specialty outlets. In addition, as it relates to the previously disclosed supply chain constraints with the key protein ingredient, the impacted Natural Balance SKUs are back in full distribution. Pet food segment profit was down 20% in the quarter. As we indicated on our year-end call, this decline was anticipated and reflected a somewhat equal split between an unfavorable price to cost relationship and higher marketing expense, most notably in support of the Natural Balance, Nature’s Recipe brands. For international and Away From Home, net sales were up 3% compared to the prior year driven by higher volume mix. Sales growth reflected gains across nearly all Away From Home category, contributions from the launch of the Jif brand in Canada and higher export sales. These factors were partially offset by the impact of a flour recall in Canada which has since been resolved. Segment profit decreased 3% primarily reflecting a strong prior year comp and an unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange in the current year.  Turning to cash flow, cash provided by operations was $304 million compared to $239 million in the prior year as a reduction in working capital levels more than offset the lower earning. Factored in capital expenditures of $70 million, our free cash flow was 235 million in the first quarter of this year. We continue to project full year free cash flow of $775 million assuming CapEx of 310 million. Let me conclude with an update on our full year sales and earnings outlook. As a reminder, our guidance excludes any potential impact from the previously announced agreement to acquire the Wesson brands. We now expect net sales to be down slightly compared to prior year reflecting lower than anticipated sales in the first half of the year. Factoring this in, we now expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $7.75 to $7.95 representing the 1% decline or the midpoint compared to our original guidance range. Achievement of the middle to high-end of this updated range is predicated on continued improvement in volume trends for roast and ground coffee as a result of our pricing and merchandizing activities, accelerated performance of our Folgers KCup reflecting improved economics in the back half of the year, strong initial contributions from new coffee product planned for the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and meeting our original expectations across the remainder of our businesses including realizing our synergy and cost saving targets for 2018. Our full year guidance range anticipates a high-single digit percent decline in adjusted EPS for the second quarter primarily reflecting a revised projection for coffee segment profit. In closing, let me reiterate Mark’s comment that we are well down the path of transforming our company to ensure sustainable, long-term growth. We’re confident in our three-year strategic roadmap and we look forward to keeping you informed on our progress. We thank you for your time. We’ll now open the call up to your questions. Operator, if you would please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Please state your questions.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Andrew.
Mark Belgya: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi. The first question would just be – I’m trying to get a little bit more of an understanding on the shift in the competitive environment in roast and ground. It does sound like it’s more than simply a mismatch of let’s call it timing of coffee cost hedges and such relative to competitors and there’s something more structural involved in that competitive environment. You’ve already made some changes obviously to the canister size a while back to be more consistent with I guess the competitive standard. So can you maybe get into a little bit more of what’s driving that? Are your prices just still out of line of where key competitors are, and you just need to make that adjustment or what’s driving that?
Steven Oakland: Andrew, it’s Steve Oakland. Let me take you back to fourth quarter. If you remember, we took a published price increase in the fourth quarter, right – or one that took effect really in the fourth quarter. So in this first quarter we saw extremely aggressive mainstream and premium quite frankly roast and ground pricing in mass, specifically in club and then in selected grocery customers across the country. That affected our volumes significantly in both May and June. We responded in July by adjusting our prices and it takes a while to get that to happen. We were able to get that to happen on Folgers first and we actually saw volume up in the month of July, let’s call it low-to-mid single digits. So Folgers responded nicely. We’ve seen the Dunkin' business respond here a little bit later than that. It just took us longer to get that in effect. You could argue is that in response to all the new competitive efforts to the private label that’s out there to all of those things? Possibly. Are our competitors – do they feel more threatened by that than maybe we did with our pricing. But the reality is we were out of line both with our competitive set and when we adjusted it, the volume came back. Now we did plan that pricing but we planned it much later in the year when green would support it. So I think what the prepared comments suggest that once we get to the green numbers, we’ll be fine but the adjustments that we’ve made in our coffee segment guidance reflect that pricing investment.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. That’s helpful perspective. Thank you for that. And then just a second one on pet and thanks for the update on the Nature’s Recipe launch and it seems like that’s going quite well thus far and that you’ve anticipated some of the competitive activity in this space that we’ve heard about since your last call. I guess, have the initial results of that launch into mass premium and the success thus far you’ve had early on maybe led you to consider other potential launches into that mass – fast growing obviously mass premium segment maybe with some other brands that you’ve gotten in your portfolio potentially?
Barry Dunaway: Hi, Andrew. It’s Barry. Let me address that. And you’re right. We’re really excited about the performance of Nature’s since the launch. You’re implying I believe specifically around Natural Balance. We continue to be consumer-led as we think about that brand and we continue to believe that that brand is best placed within pet specialty. So we will continue to offer that brand exclusively to the pet specialty channel, because we think that’s where it has the greatest potential and is best meeting the needs of the consumer in that channel. So we have no plans at this time to bring any other brands into the mass channel. We’re going to focus on Nature’s in mass and Natural Balance in pet specialty.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks, everybody.
Mark Smucker: Thank you.
Mark Belgya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Goldman: I just wanted to dig in a bit on your gross margin guidance. Mark Belgya, you did give us some drivers and I do very much appreciate those as to why you’re comfortable getting to that 50 to 75 basis point increase. But that line item was down pretty significantly in the first quarter. So maybe if you could walk us just through what you think the biggest drivers or buckets will be of that – well flip in sort of the direction of the gross margin? Is it lower bean cost in the third and fourth quarter? You talked about improved KCup economics. I’m just trying to get a sense of maybe – what maybe the biggest burden will be in terms of what your relying on to get that moving in the right direction?
Mark Belgya: Sure, Ken. I’d be glad to. I would say there’s probably three to four. First of all, the improvement in the overall gross margin will be driven by coffee and I’ll let Steve elaborate here in a minute. But I think what you’ll see, the primary drivers will be the impact of lower quarter-over-quarter green coffee as we move throughout the rest of the year. It gets sequentially better as we move from Q1 to Q4 and it’s actually a benefit as we get – modestly a benefit as we get closer to the end of the year. Again, the economics that we’ll derive in our KCup business will also favorably affect those. Those are probably the two biggest. What we also will see is that our cost programs that we have put in place while they certainly will address some of the G&A side, there are certain of those savings that will also work their way up into the gross profit from a synergy perspective. So those will be reflected across all of the SBA, but coffee certainly will get a piece of that as well. I think that’s predominately. Steve Oakland, if you want to comment anything more on that.
Steven Oakland: Yes, I talked a little bit about this on the last call. The KCup category – if you take a look at the coffee category, KCups are about 41% of the dollars. They’re just over 20% of our dollars. And so for us to have an agreement that allows us to not just have better pricing economics but sizes, packs, flavors, channels, all of that stuff, that’s a big opportunity for us and those trend to be good margin items when they’re with the Dunkin' brand especially. And so we think our coffee business in the back half with those things in place, it takes a while to make them hit. So as you would think in the third and fourth quarters, we’ll sequentially get better there. We think that’s going to help our margins a lot.
Mark Belgya: Ken, the only other thing I’d add specific to coffee is that granted looking at just to Q1 segment profit certainly is lower than what we’re accustomed. But I think based upon the commentary that Steve and I just put in that we’d expect the segment profit for the business to be somewhat in line with what we’ve seen in the last couple of years, which is sort of in that call it 31% to 32% range. So that’s where all the – again that’s where most of the gross profit improvement is coming from.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thank you for that. A follow up and you may have addressed this and I missed it, but your volume mix in U.S. retail consumer down 11%. You talked about a few different brands really driving that. I know you talked about some timing with natural foods as well. But can you add a little bit more color as to what necessarily happened there? What your outlook is going forward? Again, I know you addressed some of this. I’m just trying to get a little bit better of a sense for what really happened there, because it was a little bit more of a – maybe a slightly disappointing number than what I think some people were looking for?
Mark Smucker: Sure, Ken. Maybe I can start and Mark if you want to jump in. But the team and consumers have done a great job. That is a complicated business with a lot of brands and a lot of categories. And our oil business as you know over the years has been lumpy; it’s been very profitable but lumpy. And the trends on the baking mix business are not good. So they have done a great job of balancing their spend and their resources to focus on their snacking portfolio, to focus on Jif, to focus on Uncrustables. And so as they make that transition to a different set of products and into faster growing parts of those categories, they’ve done a great job of balancing their supply chain costs, their marketing costs in order to maintain the margins in that business. So I think if you look at the other broad line food companies, I think that’s the playbook, right. Move towards the faster growing parts of all those segments, manage the cost structure and manage the volume bases accordingly in your slower or no growth segments or declining segments. And that team has done a great job there.
Ken Goldman: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi. Your line is now open.
David Driscoll: Thank you and good morning.
Mark Smucker: Hi, David.
David Driscoll: I wanted to follow up on Andrew’s coffee question. So I appreciate what you were saying right there but just to get a little bit more specific, it looks like private label has ticked up market share notably within the last 12 weeks. Is private label specifically the biggest proportion of kind of the problem within roast and ground coffee? And then if that’s true, which is what our data would suggest, why is this just temporary and kind of why is private label starting to – why are people just gravitating more towards it? I don’t remember seeing something like that in the past. And then just a related point here, is there any big changes with your shelf space in roast and ground?
Steven Oakland: David, let me try to address that for you. I think private label – there has been a recent push on private label. And you could argue a lot of reasons for that. You could argue the very public and although there’s not that many stores, the Lidl announcements, the focus on the other what I would call hard discount, European hard discounters, the growth in the discount channel. So there is a battle at that level and those entities tend to fight around private label. And so as we see our partners, our retail partners respond to those entries, they have chosen, in a number of cases this is pretty public data, to respond with private label. And so that is part of the mix. If you look at the mainstream roast and ground and I think where you – I’m assuming your concerned about that as Folgers mainstream roast and ground, there’s still a lot of other competitive space in there for us. And I think what makes me feel much better is when we got our pricing gaps, right, both the private label and the branded, the volume responded. So that’s not to say that mainstream roast and ground is going to provide the growth for the future, it’s not. The growth of the future is going to come from premium, it’s going to come from one cup. But we have to manage that mainstream roast and ground cost structure to fuel that. So I think it’s far to say that there’s a push from especially the value retailer to battle in that battleground as private label. We just have to keep our brands above that slightly and we have to fight with the branded competitors in the same space.
Mark Smucker: Steve, this is Mark Smucker. I will just add one or two things and that is that if you think about private label, David, they tend to be almost always shorter on coverage. And so that will dictate that they’ll have probably price movement more frequently or whether they’re using absolute price or what have you, they’re going to move quicker. We do still see also on our own brand that when we get the relative pricing gaps right, we do see the brand respond, as Steve pointed out, and we do still see that we have a reasonably loyal consumer base.
David Driscoll: I wanted to follow up on the pet segment. Can you just discuss shelf space trends for all of your brands in total? I’m not trying to pick out one here in mass and grocery. I’d like to understand the Smucker’s pet brands shelf space, mass and grocery, how that’s changed? And then there’s a subtle point there, how incremental was the Nature’s Recipe shelf space to the total Smucker’s pet shelf space in mass and grocery?
Barry Dunaway: David, this is Barry. I would say overall across all of our brands in mass, we’ve not seen any significant changes or losses, increases or decreases really across our brands. Obviously the Nature’s Recipe with the SKUs that we brought in met incremental shelf space for that brand. So in general, we’re at the same place we were across our brands. Nature’s was incremental. In pet specialty, obviously we saw some declines in shelf space there. We have about a 4-foot presence in both of the major pet specialty retailers with Nature’s. And our Natural Balance brand has the same presence on shelf again in pet specialty. So no significant changes in shelf space one way or the other, other than the incremental Nature’s allocation.
David Driscoll: Very helpful. Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, David. Operator?
Unidentified Company Representative: Shannon, can you step in because I think Pete has been disconnected.
Operator: Sure. Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. You may begin.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Hi, Akshay.
Akshay Jagdale: Just wanted to follow up on coffee. So just want to make sure I’m clear. This private label price gap issue happens all the time it seems like when coffee is moving up and down. So that – the way I’m reading it, that certainly has played a role and as soon as you reacted to it, it looks like your shares have responded, right, your market share numbers have responded. So what is it that’s – you mentioned that there’s more of an emphasis on private label. So the whole cost to price relationship and the timing is one thing but what is it that’s structurally different on the private label side? Are they just going to absolute lower prices and operating on lower margins, which means you guys may need to operate on lower margins, or how should – I’m just trying to break the two apart. This whole price to cost thing which seems like was the biggest impact by far. And then you mentioned some structural potentially issues. So can you help me parse those two out?
Mark Smucker: Actually I think we’ll see over time. Mark made a great point. If you have declining green, if you have what I would call the value retail space competing with these new hard discounters, they chose private label categories. The fact that green was declining was probably – coffee was probably a good space to play in during that period of time. I don’t know – time will only tell if it’s going to be a long-term thing. I think it was for the near term. But I think that’s focused around a few competitors. It was even focused regionally if you can imagine what was going on in the East Coast of the United States, how aggressive that pricing was. There are – a lot of those value retailers have a specific price zones around this new hard discount competition. So I think we’re going to need a lot more time to be able to make a determination if it’s something structural. We know that the Folgers brand in the mainstream category if your price gaps get out of line, your volume responds as it did in this quarter both up and down. Traditionally, people have followed the green market a little closer. This time they chose not to and that could be again because of this emphasis on private label. I can’t speak to why the competitive set did not follow the green market, this particular cycle. And so I think we’re going to need a lot more time before we can make a structural judgment. What I know is we have lower green in the future. We have price points that are working. We got it reflected on Folgers at the end of the first quarter, it’s been reflected on Dunkin' now and so the trends are improving and the forecast we have reflects that.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. Thank you. That’s helpful. On the pet food side just at a high level, I know you gave some numbers on the online sales but what is online as a percent of pet today? And how does this whole – the Chewy’s growth, how does that impact Smucker’s and your portfolio? How well represented are you on Chewy.com and how did that play into your overall sort of online strategy in pets? So if you can maybe just give us a higher level sort of view of the online strategy in pet and where you are today, that would be super helpful? Thank you.
Barry Dunaway: Sure. Hi, Akshay. It’s Barry. Let me just frame in our ecomm sales across pet are about 5% of our total business. About 20% of our Natural Balance sales are ecomm. So that just kind of frames in what our total sales are through that channel. With Chewy and PetSmart now working together, we think that’s going to be a great partnership for us to grow our brands with that customer in particular. Mark also mentioned we have some incremental resources. We had Dan Cooke who joined the company to help us think about driving ecomm across the entire company but especially in pet because of some momentum we have in that channel. We also think there is tremendous upside for our snack brands. We have very little presence of our snack brands through ecomm. And so the conversations we’re having of how do we look about bundling some of our snacks with some of our other brands that are being sold through that channel. So we see a lot of upside for our snack brands there as well. So yes, it’s a big growth channel for us. What we’re looking for is not just shifting as consumers just shift perhaps from brick and mortar to ecomm but how do we actually make that incremental to our overall sales versus just shifting. So does that help frame in how we’re thinking about this --
Akshay Jagdale: Yes, that’s super helpful. Thanks for the numbers. Just one follow up to that. So your market shares online versus offline, how are they – it looks like obviously Natural Balance seems to have a good share online but I don’t know what the ecomm for the total category is, if it’s around 5%? But can you just comment a little bit on your market share online versus offline and give us --?
Barry Dunaway: Well, as you know it’s difficult to actually measure share of market through online resources. But based on some data we have, we think our market share is equivalent in the ecomm channel as it is in brick and mortar. So it’s about parity.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. Thank you. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the questions.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
John Baumgartner: Maybe just back to coffee for Steve. On the single serve side, performance there is still pretty weak for Folgers and I guess in the past it was an expectation or a hope that change the control at Keurig, more rational price and be seen on the private label side but those gaps are pretty much as wide as ever. There was also another view that there would be a shakeout on the shelf of the lower velocity brands for the retailers. So could you maybe just touch on these issues? How your outlook and strategy is going to be evolving more structurally for single serve?
Steven Oakland: Sure, John. I think as I talked about the work we’re doing with Keurig Green Mountain, it is – yes, there’s economics but yes there’s a lot more to it. There’s channel, structure, pack, all those things. If you think about the Dunkin' brand and the success on the Dunkin' brand, the needs there probably are more SKUs, more channels, more pack sizes, all those things. The focus on the Folgers brand quite frankly is going to be on economics and where it competes. And so we recognize that we got to get those price gaps more in line with where they need to compete and the brands they compete with. So that’s why the agreement with them is so multi-pack, multi-functional and I think it’s going to – it’s going to be applied differently against Folgers than against Dunkin', for example, and the benefits are going to be different. We’ve got to get the economics right on Folgers in order for it to be successful and we have a path to do that. But you’re right. We still expect all the things you said to happen. We do think the rapid price compression in the segment maybe has postponed that and I think the retailers are waiting until that all sorts out to understand what brands, what products, what varieties they need to carry. So I think we’ll see all of that shakeout but I think we’ll see it shakeout sometime in the future. It’s taken a little longer given the price compression than we thought it would have.
John Baumgartner: Okay, great. And just a follow up for Mark Smucker, I guess. We all know the consumer environment is still pretty weak but at least in the measured channels we are seeing market shares decline across pretty much all of your categories except for peanut butter and dog food it looks like. So how much are these non-coffee share losses are attributable to just broader price gap issues relative to a lack of news across the portfolio? And I guess to the extent that it is tied to a lack of news, how much flexibility do you have to accelerate some of these new platforms you’ve mentioned for your three-year innovation pipeline?
Mark Smucker: John, thanks for the question. It’s Mark Smucker. A couple of things. What we have seen and we’ve talked about this quite a bit is, is what is changing from a consumer standpoint is increased competition not just from the typical large players but there are a lot more brands out there. So there’s no question that as we’ve shifted our focus on some of the faster growing segments, those segments are growing very nicely. We’re very pleased with that. But I think underlying your question is the fact that those – the growth of those brands isn’t necessarily offsetting some of the declines in the larger brands. So that’s why in our prepared comments we wanted to call out the fact that there is a focus on these emerging smaller brands. We’re very pleased with the growth opportunities there but we must also focus on larger, more significant platform innovations on some of our key and larger iconic brands. And so we are doing that. And what you guys haven’t seen yet, we haven’t really shared a lot of that yet because it is going to start coming in the fourth quarter and I think quite frankly we have spent a tremendous amount of effort over the last 12 to 18 months reorganizing and adding new capabilities so that we can in the future and over that three-year period make sure that we are agile enough and we can respond quickly enough on these larger opportunities. So suffice it to say that as a company that has – we’re larger than we used to be if you go back many years. We have a responsibility to our consumers and our shareholders to make sure that we have the capabilities to perform and that’s exactly what we’ve been focused on. So we appreciate the question and the patience but we are feeling very good about some of those opportunities not just on the smaller brands but on the larger brands that we’ll be bringing to market in the near future.
John Baumgartner: Great. Thank you, Mark. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks. I have a couple of questions. The first one has to do with Wesson. I’d like to get a better understanding for the rationale for buying it, because you look at your vegetable oil business today, the volume has declined dramatically. And I would argue that the factors that are going to hurt that category are going to be similar to what’s happening in roast and ground. It’s a pretty commoditized category. The barriers to entry are very low. Anyone could put a brand on vegetable oil, call it premium. But you bought Wesson which I think a lot of people like because they think it makes sense given what you have, but it’s an old brand and I’m not sure it can keep up with all those small branded entries and private label entries that are going to impact that category. My second question is for fourth quarter, if you’re launching all these platforms is there going to be an extra cost to getting the slotting and the promotion behind that? That seems a little inconsistent with the guidance which implies that your fourth quarter profits are going to be really high to make up for the miss in the beginning of the year? Sorry for the duration there.
Mark Belgya: Hi, Rob. This is Mark Belgya. Let me answer your second question first. Certainly there will be the normal cost associated with the launch of platform type items, so whether it’s with the trade or with the consumer, but all of those costs have been factored into the guidance that we provided this morning and some of those are obviously being supported by some of the cost savings. And just to reiterate when we talked about this cost savings program, both the synergies and also the future savings from our cost management program, it is a reinvestment of some of the dollars in this case and also dollars dropping to the bottom line. So I think that’s a good example of how we are generating the savings and then plowing us back into innovation.
Mark Smucker: Rob, it’s Mark Smucker. Just on Wesson. As you know when we think about acquisitions, we think about them in three buckets; transformational, enabling and bolt-on. In this case, it’s really a bolt-on as you can imagine. And as we look at the category, it is very profitable category. Private label is clearly the dominant player in that. In fact, you could even look at one particular private label brand that is truly all on its own the leader. But given that we have a good brand in Crisco. Wesson, it is an old brand. They both are old brands but they’re both still good brands and they do still carry weight. What we’ve felt is that by combining them that it is a financial play. We felt that we got a good deal on it and it allows us to more effectively utilize an asset, manufacturing asset that should quite frankly bring us a nice cash flow in the future.
Robert Moskow: Just to follow up. The volumes are down on Wesson like high teens. Is that still – was that part of your expectation as you’re getting ready to acquire this that it still makes sense financially with those types of declines?
Mark Belgya: Hi, Rob. This is Mark Belgya. Obviously we worked as part of the diligence and into the financial projections, it’s a little hard where we are in the process to fully understand what the current owners are doing with that. But we’re positioned once the ownership occurs that we have plans in place to achieve the synergies and ultimately the earnings delivery that we spoke to a few months ago when we announced the transaction.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thanks for the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Rob Dickerson: Good morning. Thank you very much. Just one question and hopefully it hasn’t been asked. Coming on here a little bit late. I know in the release you had pointed to part of the guidance coming down driven by lower than anticipated results in Q1 and then the lower pricing for the remainder of the year. I’m just curious. Is the lower pricing for the remaining of the year, is that incrementally lower relative to what you kind of had foreseen around Q4 or are you just pointing to incrementally lower given maybe less benign year-over-year comparison? Thanks.
Mark Belgya: Hi, Rob. This is Mark Belgya. Just to clarify and I think you’re probably referencing the sentence or two that was in the release. So the lower pricing really speaks to what Steve just spoke to in terms of what we’re doing in terms of supporting the coffee. So the impact of that pricing again is being covered with cost other than this near term. So as green goes down, that cost is supporting the price. But it’s simply to state that the prices we now have in place will ultimately result in lower sales for the year. And most of that candidly is first half. We certainly experienced some of that this quarter. We’ll see it again in the second quarter since we just pretty much put this pricing to action in place at the end of Q1. So that was the intent of that statement. We still see a fairly good relationship overall for the year on a price to cost basis.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, great. And then just in terms of the comment you just made on the coffee side, if we think about Folgers and the reaction we’re seeing on the volume side relative to pricing and let’s say it’s not the same but it’s similar to an extent to what we basically saw a few years ago, I’d argue. Is there – is this just mainly a demographic makeup issue such that maybe the brand over SKUs a bit to a certain demographic and therefore your pricing ability on that one given brand might just not be as great let’s say as other more premium coffee brands? Is that fair?
Steven Oakland: I think as the coffee category has changed, we’ve had consumers or consumers from every segment go to one cup, from every segment go to premium. And so the demographics of each one of those segments has changed. I think also what’s rolled with the retailer, given the fact that they now have a sizable one cup business to promote and a sizable premium business to promote has also changed. So mainstream’s role both with the consumer and the customer has changed and we have to provide value, right, in order to get both of them behind it, both the consumer to purchase it and the retailer behind it, we have to get them the right value based on private label, based on the other brands in the segment. I wouldn’t say both changed dramatically. That migration has happened this whole time. We’ve seen one cup business build and the premium business build.
Mark Smucker: Rob, it’s Mark Smucker. Just to build on what Steve said. Just strategically if you look at the category and you look at how we index versus the category, we have historically been skewed of course towards mainstream. So our strategic plan of course takes that into condition and that’s why we feel like we have a clear action that we’ll be taking over the next 12 to 24 months that will ensure that we index better with the total category and that includes both one cup and a premium as well.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, great. And then just last quick question is in terms of the innovation plan and I guess you point to kind of starting maybe around Q4, what should we expect in terms of timing and increased visibility? Is this something maybe around Q3 we hear about it more or is this a kind of CAGNEY presentation, or just trying to get a sense as to when we’re actually going to know what you’re going to innovate?
Steven Oakland: With regard to coffee, we would hope to share that with you at CAGNEY and we’re well on our way. We’ve had some initial retailer meetings. So we feel comfortable with that. And the retailer meetings are going so well, that’s why we can be so bullish on the call as we are.
Mark Smucker: This is Mark Smucker. We want to be able to share as much as we can around that timeframe CAGNEY and so forth. And just from a financial impact, it’s not going to have a huge impact this fiscal but it should start to – we should start to see some impact obviously next year.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, super. I’ll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Farha Aslam of Stephens Inc. Your line is now open.
Farha Aslam: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam: A quick question, first one on timing of Jif and the Natural portfolio, what was the timing factor?
Steven Oakland: I think on the Jif it was around promotional but I think Farha the good news is, is we feel really good about our back to school. As you know it’s a key period for our spreads business – both for spreads and peanut butter. And so some of that is just being driven by the positive outlook we have around that. And on the Natural I think it’s probably --
Mark Belgya: Yes, we made a case conversion to that channel because as Natural Foods progresses into every channel, we felt the need to take our base – and I know this is a very basic thing for a call like this but to go from 12-pack to 6-pack, anytime you do that it’s very disruptive in your supply chain. You’re basically swapping out all of your SKUs. We thought that was important to do before the key fall season. We got that done in the quarter. Then we’ve seen the turns pick back up and we’ve seen new distribution in support of that. There’s a lot of variety in that business and smaller case pack allows you to have more items on the shelf, reach more customers and we’re seeing that start to happen. So there just was a mechanical conversion that happened in the first quarter in Natural.
Farha Aslam: Very helpful. And my follow up is when you sell on ecommerce versus the pet specialty channels, is the margin the same or are you margin agnostic on channel?
Mark Belgya: The margins are slightly lower on ecomm. We have pricing mechanisms in place just to make sure we have – ultimately we have price parity in the total marketplace but our margins are slightly lower within ecomm.
Farha Aslam: And is there a plan to improve that?
Mark Belgya: Yes, I think one of the things I just spoke to was for instance just on bringing our snacks into ecomm. That business has higher margins. I think that’s certainly one area of improved margins within ecomm.
Mark Smucker: I suspect scale in and of itself will --
Mark Belgya: That also benefits. That business continues to grow and across the entire company and as we look at also just supply chain and distribution cost associated with ecomm.
Farha Aslam: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: So two questions. I guess following up from Rob Moskow question about the pickup in performance in the second half. Your guidance it seems as though it’s down fairly marginally to the year relative to the shortfall versus the plan this quarter. One of the key levers and one of the key risks associated with that improved performance, are you tightening your belt on cost a lot more to get there or is it something else getting better than plans, and what do you think are the key risks? And then the second question is just around the marketing spending, how much was that up or down this quarter and how do you expect that to develop going forward? Thank you very much.
Mark Belgya: Hi, Alexia. It’s Mark Belgya. Answering the first question, when you look at the cost opportunities, some of it is a passage of time. So during the first quarter we had some organizational changes that we will see a reduction in our compensation expense as we move through the year. We also have been working hard with our teams to identify budget reductions. In that particular area we took that knowing that our ZBB program will be kicking off at the latter part of the first quarter so that we would miss the opportunity to get some additional savings before that program officially started, which is now has. So those two are set and [indiscernible] month-to-month as those reduced expenses flow through the P&L. We’ve talked about the commodity side, particularly on green. We’ve talked about the KJM contract. So that’s where they’re coming from. From a risk perspective, I don’t want to say those are locked and loaded but they’re pretty good. I think as we talked about in my scripted comments the focus is more on what it would take to kind of hit the mid to upper part. Volume is still going to be key. As we said, we’re up on top line versus our internal plan by the 4%. We thought we would be flat. We were able to compensate for some of that but not all of that. So as long as we can deliver on that volume and again we think we have the plans in place, we got the cost savings in place, that’s what’s driving the math, if you will, to allow us to have – when you do run the math, it will be about 17% to 19% increase in the last two quarters from an EPS perspective. In terms of the marketing question, we were up 6% in marketing. We will probably when it’s all said and done I suspect be about there for the year. We’re projective right now to be a little bit higher than that but that is one of the areas that we have back if need be. But I would suspect somewhere in the 6% to 8% range for the full year is something to expect.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Our last question comes from Chuck Cerankosky of Northcoast Research. Your line is now open.
Chuck Cerankosky: Good morning, everyone. If we look at what’s going in the retail channel which we think is overstored but I’m talking about all types of food retailers, is this just a hazardous time to be increasing price or to dial back promotional activity for any of your categories? And then my second question, could you give us an update on when you think the Wesson acquisition might close? Thank you.
Steven Oakland: Chuck, let me comment on the pricing question and maybe the others can comment on Wesson. But I think it is a tough time for conventional retail right now. And so they are competing. They are trying to find points of difference. Obviously price to them is one of those points of difference. They know this is a core consumer base and certainly retailers it’s more important than others, it’s important to all of them of course. So I think it’s one of those times when you got to have your gaps right, you got to bring the retailer the right message, the right package both the promotion and every day. And I do think you’re trying to fit into that retailer’s – individual retailer’s promotional plan and competitive plan and price is a part of that. I would argue we talked a little bit about the MDO organization that we’ve built over the last year and a half, that organization is build to better align our pricing promotion and marketing activities with each individual retailer. We’ve put re-services on shopper marketing, on specific customers and I think that’s what you’ll see play out as we go through the rest of the year. You’ve got to bring these things to life in each individual retailer and price is one key metric of that right now.
Mark Belgya: Chuck, this is Mark Belgya. In terms of your Wesson question, basically the regulatory approval process is still in process. And so I suspect that when that next step of that process is complete, we’ll communicate that publicly. Again just to reiterate, we’ve not factored anything in, either top of bottom line for Wesson. We didn’t want to speculate on when the transaction would close. Certainly as we get farther into the year we’ll have less of a contribution but still if it does, it should have a positive and be added to our guidance. But we’ll continue the communication to keep everyone abreast as it moves along.
Chuck Cerankosky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the conference call back to management to conclude.
Mark Smucker: This is Mark Smucker. First of all, I wanted to thank all of you for taking the time today to listen in. And just reiterate a couple of our key messages that we have been working extremely hard over the last 18 months to really make sure that we have the right capabilities in place to adapt to the changing environment that we find ourselves in. Notably we still believe we’re in great categories and have growth potential and just making sure that our strategies align with the growth segments in each of those categories. And we are laser-focused on consumer trends and making sure we meet them. So thank you again for your time. We look forward to seeking many of you or few of you at back-to-school. And again, thank you to our great employees who have been doing a fantastic job particularly this last quarter just getting it done. So thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-06-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Broholm - Investor Relations Mark Smucker - Chief Executive Officer Mark Belgya - Chief Financial Officer Steven Oakland - President U.S. Food & Beverage Barry Dunaway - President Pet Food & Pet Snacks
Analysts: David Driscoll - Citi Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Farha Aslam - Stephens Chris Growe - Stifel Jason English - Goldman Sachs John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Alexia Howard - Bernstein Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Pablo Zuanic - SIG Chuck Cerankosky - NorthCoast Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the J. M. Smucker Company’s fiscal 2017 fourth quarter earnings conference. This conference is being recorded an all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers after the presentation. Please limit yourself to two initial questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you then have additional questions. I will now turn the conference call over Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Mark Smucker, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mark Belgya, Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer will provide our prepared comments. Also, participating in the Q&A are Steven Oakland, Vice Chair and President, U.S. Food and Beverage, and Barry Dunaway, President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking looking statements in this morning’s press release, which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally as detailed in the press release. These non-GAAP results exclude certain items that affect comparability. One such item for the fourth quarter was a $58 million or $0.34 per share non-cash impairment charge, primarily related to related to certain trademark of the Pet Food business, representing less than 1% of the company’s total non-goodwill intangible assets. This charge is excluded from segment profit and the non-GAAP profit measures we will discuss this morning. We have posted to our website a supplementary slide deck summarizing the quarterly results and our fiscal 2018 outlook, which can be accessed through the link to the webcast of this call. These slides and a replay of this call will be archived on our website. If you have additional questions after today’s call please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. The end of the fiscal year is a good time to take stock of where we’ve been, but more importantly to talk about where we’re going in the future. So today, I’ll spend a few minutes highlighting 2017 accomplishments, but I’ll spend most of my time talking about our strategic roadmap for the next three fiscal years. Here are a few thoughts that I hope you’ll take away today. We are well down the past of transforming our company with new capabilities and specific actions to ensure sustainable long-term growth. We are well positioned for success with great brands in some of the best food categories. And we are capitalizing on current consumer and retail trends shifting our focus to faster growth areas. Our goal in all of this is to deliver on three key financial priorities. First, achieving year-over-year earnings per share growth; second, growing the top-line both organically and through acquisitions; and third, achieving significant cost savings that will provide the fuel for investments in growth and supports the bottom line. Fiscal 2017 has proven to be a pivotal year and gearing up for future growth. Well, topline stock mix persisted throughout the year both for the broader industry and our business we were able to deliver near term earnings growth by accelerating synergy delivery and managing budgets and costs effectively. Here what we accomplish. We achieve adjusted earnings per share in line with our projection for the year, representing a 7% increase over 2016, excluding a prior year gain and tax benefit. We returned over $775 million to shareholders in the form of dividend and share repurchases. We grew key on-trend brands, sales of Smucker’s Uncrustables frozen sandwiches were up 10%, Café Bustelo coffee up 13% and Nature’s Recipe Pet Food up 8% all through the full year. We drove value by investing in innovation with product introduced in the past three years contributing 9% of 2017 net sales. This included further growth for prior year product launches such as Dunkin' Donuts KCups and Jiff snack bars. We positioned our Pet Food business for stronger growth bringing Nature’s Recipe premium dog foods to grocery and channels improving the competitive position of Kibbles 'n Bits dog food, investing in innovation and e-commerce to capitalize on growth opportunities for the Natural Balance brand and building out our innovation pipeline in pet snacks. Lastly, we made significant progress on our cost takeout programs. This included approximately $120 million in incremental synergies for the year exceeding our initial guidance. We also initiated the next phase of our cost reduction initiative which I will discuss in a moment. Now let’s turn to our Company’s three-year strategic roadmap and how our 2018 plans fit into it. As we begin a new fiscal year, we are more confident than ever that our multi-dimensional strategy provides a clear path to sustainable long-term sales and earnings growth. First, our brands participate in excellent categories, coffee, pet food, peanut butter and snacks generally and we are focused on improving our position in the fastest growing segments within these categories. Second, with the mix of leading iconic brands, Folgers, Smuckers, Jiff and Milk-Bone and expanding on trend brands like Café Bustelo into Holy Snacks, we have a strong portfolio that is adaptable and flexible to meet consumer needs. Examples include our success extending the iconic Smuckers brand with high growth Smucker’s Uncrustables frozen sandwiches and similarly the Jiff brands through the launch of Jiff Snackbars.  Third, we have reorganized and strengthened key functions within the company to be more agile in responding to customer and consumer needs and added new capabilities to support future growth. the quality of execution and speed of market of Dunkin' Donuts KCup and Nature’s Recipe launches are two recent examples of our agility.  Supported by these strengths, we have developed a robust strategic roadmap to define our path to growth and specific initiatives over the next few years. We’ll be sharing details of this plan overtime and you’ll be able to monitor our progress and our success against this plan. Any strategic plan of course has to start with a clear understanding of where the consumer is today and more importantly where they are heading in the future.  We’ve recognize that consumers' life have fundamentally changed, through our insights and analytics we’re developing an increasing sophisticated view of the link between food and the consumer sense of a more purposeful life. Consumers today expect a lot from food, it has to deliver an enjoyable experience, connect them to people and communities, satisfy cravings, promote health and even define who they are. Brands used to be seen as a status symbol of what one could afford. Now they’re seeing as a signal of once personal values. Against this backdrop, we see future consumer choices being driven by several trends. Food increasingly needs to fit into non-traditional fast pace schedules providing instant fulfillment while also becoming more personalized to meet specific wellness and functional needs. Consumers are unwilling to sacrifice convince for quality, they demand both. Consumers recognize that enjoyment and indulgence are essential to well-balanced lives and won’t feel guilty about occasionally choosing indulgence food. And food continue to evoke strong emotions as consumers look for authentic brands with fewer but recognizable ingredient that help them nurture their own identity and connect with others. All of these seams apply both to consumers own food choices and what they choose to feed their pets, which are also an integral part of their family. We believe companies that embrace and address this accelerating pace of change can and will thrive. Change is not new for our company, we have evolved as a company many times before over 120-year history. Our three-year strategic roadmap is designed to capitalize on opportunities that will generate sustainable profitable growth. So, let me explain how we’re doing just that by highlighting key components of the plan that will guide our actions investments and focus over the next three years. At the highest level, this plan is about balancing a focus on topline growth with a diligent approach to cost savings allowing us to deliver our earnings per share growth objectives. While line extensions will play a role in our path to growth, our goal is to launch new platforms that extent the strength of our iconic brands to meet consumer needs. We will place increasing emphasis on key growth segment within existing and new categories and best transform our portfolio overtime. This will lead us to disproportionally invest in key growth brands and platforms. As we have noted previously, we see the greatest opportunities with Jiff, Smucker’s Uncrustables, Sahale Snacks, Milk-Bone and all of our coffee brands. We also will extend our current foods business to further align with consumers eating patterns which center around snacking and low-prep meals. Innovation will be critical. In fiscal 2017, our growth and innovation teams made great strides bolstering and new product pipeline, which is now more robust than ever. This includes near-term innovation such as Dunkin’ Donuts Cold Brew and naturally flavored Folgers Simply gourmet coffee, new natural balanced, high protein offerings and on-trend varieties of grain free Milk-Bone snacks. With an acceleration of launches beginning late in fiscal 2018 we expect to deliver above average organic growth in fiscal ’19 and ’20, supported by new platforms planed for Folgers Coffee, Jiff snacking and across our pet snacks brands. In ecommerce, we are redefining every aspect of our approach including organization, capabilities and investments. And have recently hired an experienced Vice President to lead these efforts. Our plans call for 5% net sales to come from ecommerce in fiscal 2020. Pet food and coffee will lead in this area. For example, we expect ecommerce sales for our pet business to increased 50% in fiscal 2018 led by the Natural Balanced brand. While the increase in online sales will not all the incremental, we do see growth opportunities for many of our brands. We are increasing CapEx to add new manufacturing capacity, improved flexibility and productivity at several existing manufacturing plants and enhance our information technology capabilities. We recently broke ground on our new Uncrustables sandwiches plant in Longmont, Colorado. When complete, in 2020 we will have the capacity to double sales from the current $220 million level we’ve realized this past fiscal year. We also have plans for key capital improvements at our coffee facilities in New Orleans and peanut-butter plant in Lexington, Kentucky. When complete, these investments will improve efficiencies, lower costs and enhance quality. This growth journey needs fuel to be successful and I am pleased to report that in fiscal 2018 we expect to deliver the remaining portion of the $200 million in synergies associated with the PAT [ph] acquisition. We will continue to emphasize cost management by formally adopting a zero-base budgeting program this fiscal year. This complement works already in progress around organization design, key rationalization, revenue growth management and supply chain initiatives. Including anticipated benefits related to improved KCup economics moving forward. We are highly confident in our ability to deliver incremental cost savings. This morning, we announced a $100 million increase to our cost management program resulting in $450 million of total annual synergies and cost reductions under our programs by fiscal 2020. Finally, acquisitions will still play a part of our future growth. As demonstrated by our recently announced agreement to acquire the Western brand bolt-on transactions provide opportunities to add top and bottom-line growth where we benefit from our existing customers and channels. Broader participation in the existing categories or synergies in our supply chain and go to market infrastructure. Even with the step-up in capital expense and probable future M&A activity, we’ve remained confident that our capital structure and future cash generations supports our capital deployment model to balance investment in the business with returning cash to shareholders while maintaining our investment grade rating. As mentioned earlier, we’ve returned more than $775 million to shareholders in 2017 and during the past five fiscal years, we have returned over 3.1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We are committed to executing against the three-year strategic roadmap to delivering growth and to drive shareholder value and we'll hold ourselves accountable. Consistent with our commitment to transparency, we will keep you updated on our progress along the way. Yet, as important as the roadmap is for charting or course for the next three years, we will continue to pay attention to the factors that have guided us for 120 years. A focus on the consumer, strong relationship with all our constituents and our culture and long standing basic beliefs all of which will help the Smucker Company achieve a strategic objective and provide long-term shareholder value. In closing, I would like to thank all of employees for their efforts, their continued dedication as we move ahead. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Belgya : Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I’ll start off by sharing information on the Company’s recent performance, specifically fourth quarter results and 2017 cash flow performance before shifting to focus on the road ahead and a little more detail and how we expect fiscal 2018, the first year of our three-year roadmap to look. GAAP earnings per share were $0.96 in the quarter, this represented a decline from $1.61 in the prior year, which included a $0.42 non-cash deferred tax benefit related to the integration of Big Heart Pet Brands into the Smucker Company. The current quarter results included $0.34 impairment charge, which was primarily attributable to certain Pet Food trademarks reflecting a reduction in near-term sales expectations for these brands. However, longer term growth rates used in its most recent Pet Food impairment analysis remain relatively unchanged from prior tests. In addition, the latest analysis continued to indicate no impairment of goodwill. Excluding the impairment charge and reflecting other non-GAAP adjustments, which is summarized in this morning’s press release adjusted earnings per share were $1.80. This compares to adjusted EPS in the $1.81 in the prior year excluding the $0.42 deferred tax benefit. Net sales decreased by $24 million or 1% in the fourth quarter. Primarily attributable to declines in Pet Food and to a lesser extends the coffee segment. Adjusted gross profit decreased $13 million or 2%, mostly reflecting the impact of lower coffee volume mix. Gross margin declined 20 basis points to 37.5%. SD&A decrease $17 million in the fourth quarter or 5% compared to 2016, reflecting the incremental synergies that Mark referenced earlier. A 10% increased in marketing and higher distribution expense partially offset this benefit. A lower SD&A led to adjusted operating income growth of 2% over the prior year. Below operating income, the fourth quarter tax rate of 32% was consistent with our expectation. As a reminder, the prior year rate was unusually low due to the integration of Big Heart. And lastly, fourth quarter results benefited from a lower share count, as during the quarter we completed the 3 million shares repurchase program that we announced in February. Now that I've shared overall fourth quarter results. Let me dig a little deeper into segment specific results beginning with coffee. Fourth quarter net sales decreased 1% as the lower volume mix of 5% was mostly offset by higher net price realization. Net sales for the Folgers brand declined 4% on lower roasted ground and KCup volume. Conversely sales for Dunkin’ Donuts increased 4%, while Café Bustelo had another strong quarter up 21%. This on top of plus 28% comp in the prior year. Coffee segment profit decreased 14%, compared to last year’s record fourth quarter, primarily due to lower volume mix. An unfavorable price-to-cost relationship and increased marketing expense also contributed. In consumer foods, fourth quarter net sales were flat for 2016. Our spread business had a strong finish to the year with sales for both the Jiff and Smucker brands up 6%. For Smucker, this included another quarter of double-digit growth for Uncrustables frozen sandwiches with fruit spreads also contributing. Sales for the Crisco and Pillsbury brands declined 11% and 6% respectively compared to strong prior year comps. Consumer foods segment profit grew 19% compared to the prior year. Segment profit growth was fueled by effective management of supply chain cost and successfully executing our pricing strategies. These factors more than offset a significant increase in marketing.  While looking at the pet food segment, net sales decreased by a percent mostly attributable to lower price realization across the portfolio. Taking a closer look at the key drivers impacting this segment, sales for our mainstream pet food brands declined 7%, nearly half of this decline was attributable to Nine Lives, as private label activity is impacting brands that participate in the value segment of the cat food category. Increased competitive activity within the broader snacks portfolio affected our pet snacks sales which declined 5%. Notably Milk-Bone sales grew slightly and for our premium pet food brands distribution gains for Nature’s Recipe in grocery and mass outlets were offset by declines for Natural Balance that were attributable to continued softness in the pet specialty channel and supply constraints with a key protein ingredient. As a result, premium pet food sales were down 1%. Pet food segment profit was down 15% compared to a strong segment margin comp in the prior year. The lower net sales were only partially offset by reduced input cost. For international and food service, net sales were up 4% compared to the prior year. This was driven by growth across nearly all key categories within our food service business and the initial contribution from the launch of the Jiff brand in Canada. Segment profit increased 26% with favorable volume mix being a key driver. In addition, during the fourth quarter we divested our minority interest in C-Mile and Oats based business located in China resulting in a gain of nearly $4 million which is included in segment profit. China remains a priority market for our long-term growth strategy and we look to leverage insights from this venture as we explore additional opportunities in that region. Free cash flow was $208 million in the fourth quarter, falling short of our expectations due to higher than anticipated working capital including accruals and taxes partially offset by lower than projected CapEx. This resulted in full year free cash flow of $867 million compared to our guidance range of 950 million to $1 billion. We ended the year with debt of $5.4 billion. Based on 2017 EBITDA of 1.6 billion, our leverage stood at 3.4 times at April 30th. This was higher than our original year-end projection of just over three time reflecting borrowings to finance the $420 million share repurchase program completed in the fourth quarter. Now that I’ve covered fourth quarter results, let me walk you through what we see for fiscal 2018. This guidance excludes any impact from the recently announced agreements to acquire the Western Brands. We expect net sales to increase approximately 1% primarily reflecting the full year benefit of several price increases implemented in fiscal 2017 including coffee, peanut butter, oil and Uncrustables. The net impact of volume mix is expected to be neutral for the year. Overall commodity costs are expected to be higher representing 3% of cogs most notably for coffee, oils, protein meals and peanuts. While we’ve announced price increases in several categories across the industry there is currently an elevated level of pricing pressure and our business is not immune to the challenge. As a result, we expect the net impact of higher commodity cost of price to be unfavorable in 2018. However, after factoring in incremental synergies and cost savings. We expect adjusted gross margin to be up approximately 50 basis points compared to the 2017 gross margin of 38.8%. SD&A expenses are expected to be up low-single-digits over the prior year. This reflects a substantial increase in marketing, most notably in support of Nature’s Recipe launch and in the coffee segment. Project costs associated with the construction of the new Uncrustables facility in Colorado and investments in ecommerce and other initiatives are also expected to contribute. These items are expected to be mostly offset by incremental synergies and cost savings. Including the portion expected to benefit gross profit we are projecting an incremental benefit of approximately $140 million related to our cost reduction programs in fiscal 2018. This includes the remaining $40 million of Pet Food acquisition synergies and $100 million related to $250 million cost management program. Adjusted operating income is projected to increase 2% compared to 2017. Below operating income, we expect interest expense of $172 million and a tax rate of 32.5% million to 33%. Lastly, a weighted average share count of 113.6 million shares will used based on current shares outstand following the recently completed repurchase program, which reduced share outstanding by approximately 3%. A portion of this benefit was reflected in the weighted average share count used for our fourth quarter results. Factoring in all of these, we are projecting 2018 adjusted EPS to be in the range of $7.85 to $8.05. As a reminder, this range excludes potential accretion from the announced agreement to acquire Wesson. Our EPS outlook would resolve in a year-over-year increase of 3% assuming the midpoint of the range. Excluding $6 million of gain and operating profit associated with the [indiscernible] divestiture and current year expenses associated with the construction of new Uncrustables facility of $8 million, the EPS growth will be 4%. We anticipate EPS performance to be significantly weighted towards the back half of the fiscal year, primarily due to timing associated with the recognition of incremental synergies and cost savings. This will most notably impact the coffee and pet food segments, which are projected to experience segment profit declines in the first half of fiscal 2018. Specific to the first quarter, we anticipate adjusted EPS will be down in the mid-teen percent range compared to the prior year. This reflects marketing spend associated with Nature’s Recipe launch and unfavorable price to cost relationship coffee and pet food and strong first quarter comparison in 2017. We project free cash flow for the year will be approximately $775 million with the declines from 2017 reflecting an increase in projected CapEx, due to $100 million of spend on our new Uncrustables facility. Capital expenditures are expected to total $310 million for the year. Other key assumptions affecting free cash flow include depreciation, amortization expense, which are each expected to approximate $200 million. Share based compensation expense of $25 million and lastly onetime costs of $65 million which are mostly cash related. In closing, let me reiterate Mark’s opening comment that we are well down the path of transforming our company to ensure sustainable long-term growth. We are confident in our three-year strategic roadmap and look forward to keeping you informed on our progress towards delivering on our three key financial priorities. One, achieving earnings per share growth in line with our stated long-term objective. Two, growing the topline and finally, achieving significant cost savings. We thank you for your time this morning and we will now open the call up to your questions. Operator if you would please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is open,
David Driscoll: I'm going to use my two questions, one on pet food and then one on just the philosophy on cost cutting. So on pet food, our data suggest that the company’s key brands of Natural Balance and Nature’s Recipe are being outspent back [technical difficulty].
Mark Smucker: Can you repeat that, we started losing on Natural Balance and Nature’s Recipe.
David Driscoll: Sorry about that. So our data suggest that the company’s brands Natural Balance and Nature’s Recipe are being outspent by the rival brands on advertising. We’d just like to hear some of your comments on the size of the reinvestment on both brands as they seem to be rather key to the growth algorithm in pet food.
Barry Dunaway: Hi David, it's Barry. Let me provide some commentary on the Nature's brand and also Natural Balance. First, on the Nature’s Recipe launch, it has gone as expected and we’ve delivered on the distribution, the point of distribution that we anticipated here early into this fiscal year. The retailer feedback on the brands has been incredibly positive and we had just begun our national advertising campaign. We indicated that we were going to be spending about $15 million [ph] to support this launch, that is the largest support behind any of our brands in the company’s history. We think the support that we have behind this brand is appropriate based on the sizes of the opportunity. Clearly, we’re competing with other major competitors in the category, but we think we've put together a very robust marketing plan behind this brand with TV advertising, in-store support, digital across every marketing medium. So we are confident that our marketing plan for Nature’s Recipe is appropriate and is competitive. And as far as Natural Balance is concerned, that brand has been built through in-store recommendations over the years and when that brand was exclusive to the Indi channel and for one of the major retailers, that brand grew through in-store personals recommending that brand. When we moved that brand to natural distribution, we lost that exclusivity and that in-store support. We spend significant dollars on shopper marketing in in-store support for those brands. We’re going to have to shift those dollars from that in-store support, because it’s not driving incremental sales. We’re going to have to shift that to advertising support for the brand to be more competitive with some of the other major players in the pet specialty channel. We can't do that overnight, we’re going to have to work with our retail partners to shift those dollars and to demonstrate that by shifting those dollars, we can then drive incremental traffic to the store, as well as incremental purchases across the brand.
David Driscoll: Thanks, and if I can move topics to the philosophy on cost cutting. If really seen Mark that you have change materially in your view on cost cutting on the company. I think the 200 million in savings, it’s been announced just simply since February that nearly doubles the company’s prior goal. Can you talk to us a little bit about this, what looks like a philosophy change and just the key items that caused such as sizeable change in I think your view as to what the company had to do to be competitive?
Mark Smucker: David, this is Mark Smucker. I don’t think it’s fundamentally a philosophical shift, but as we got deep into our strategic plan, our roadmap for the three years and specifically for this year, we really stepped back and look at; First of all, have we done enough and what is going to be required to drive both earnings growth and then overall total company growth over the strategic timeframe? So as we dug a little bit deeper, we realized that we do have some other opportunities. We had already started down a path, everybody's been talking about in ZBD, and we have already set down attach similar to that. I think what you’re seeing now at some more formalize approach and some of those initiatives. But I think the key point is that by undertaking that work and as we match out, our three-year roadmap. We believe that those savings and we are incrementally building in investment in things like marketing similar to what Barry just referenced along the way that will continue to help fuel our overall growth. So philosophically, not a significant shift, but you’re correct, I mean we recognize that we needed to do a little bit more to make that roadmap work.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Two questions from me. First, thank you for the guidance, I think one of the things you suggested or said was that, as we look at fiscal ’19 and ’20 perhaps the topline in your plan will be better than usual. I was a little surprised to hear that, not because I don’t believe that you have some strong innovation coming, I’m true you do, because speak us a general environment we’re in. As you guys discussed and as many of your peers have discussed, it's still a very challenging food environment. So I just wanted to think about or get a better sense of, in your plan, are you assuming any stabilization, any rebound of the general food-at-home environment? Are you assuming any slowdown in sort of pressure you’re getting from your customers, I think you mentioned at some point that you’re not able to take as much pricing as usual? I’m just trying to get a better sense of what’s drawing that confidence out of you?
Mark Smucker: Ken, it’s Mark Smucker. Thanks for the question. At the core is making sure that we’re going with the growth is and that can be not only in the smaller brand, but it can actually be in our core iconic brands. So as we think about the -- organically the innovation that is required to continue to support both core and sort of new segments, we have spent a lot of time and lot of work as I mentioned in my scripted comments just on the consumer trends and I feels really good about what we’ve got in the pipeline. You’ll start to see some of that in the back end of this year and then into the next couple of years. So our goal of course is to grow the topline which in turn of course will grow earnings. So I think that sort of at the root of it.
Mark Belgya: Ken this is, Mark Belgya. Just maybe to add a little bit and time a little bit to David’s previous question from a philosophical perspective and change. One of the things that we’ve talked about a fair amount internally and I think you’ll hear us talk continually out on an external perspective is this whole concept of fueling the topline and the relationship that exists with innovation, topline growth and cost savings. And so as we look to that, as we -- obviously, a lot of support, the innovation that we're bringing to market in '19 and '20, sort of to your point about how we're also addressing base business and some of the assumptions assumed there is that as we do generate company savings particularly some of the $50 million that we talked about, in the excess of the 200 million Big Heart. We can plough that back in and for example we can beef up some of our marking support around the Folgers brand or some varied variance. So again a lot of the supporting platform based innovation in those brands, it also allows us to get the market trends particular like in coffee up to maybe a little higher level, but can address some of the roasting ground trends that we’ve seen in the last couple of years. So there is some of that that is being directed to help address some of the base business just to shore up some of the volume challenges.
Ken Goldman: Okay, that’s helpful. And then for my follow up, I just wanted to sort of expand a little bit on the topic that I touched on a minute ago, which is sort of your customers' I guess, for the lack of the better word, not allowing you to pass on as much pricing or as much cost as you once had. Few months ago we had talked with a bunch of food producers and they suggested that although the environment is difficult now that it really wasn’t much more difficult than it was previously. Your comments today maybe signaled a change and have things changed in the last couple of months, perhaps as the [indiscernible] entry is getting closer because it's not often that we hear companies say that they’re enough pressure from their customers, their grossers that they actually can’t take pricing, that’ kind of the new phenomenon. So just if you could help us with a that a little bit that would be great. 
Mark Smucker: Ken it's Mark Smucker again. I’ll start and maybe Steve has some additional commentary, but the first thing I would say is we have been successful and effectively pushing through price changes, particularly increases. I think that speaks to our customer relationships and that they’ve always been strong. So we have heard a lot about this additional pressure, I think one way you could think about it is in a few instances with a couple of the larger customer it might take us maybe a little bit longer, but to get the prices through, but at the end of the day we’ve been very effective in explaining to our customers and justifying that these prices increases truly are needed. And therefore, I think that’s why we've been successful.
Steven Oakland: Ken, it's Steve Oakland here. I would say, to add to what Mark has said. The level of rigor and support is probably the greatest we’ve ever seen, when we have pricing to have our customer understand why. We’re fortunate to have the bulk of our volume, at least our U.S. retail volume to be number one brands. And those brands that are commodity type, it’s important that the leader is priced right with the commodity, because that drives the umbrella for private label, it drives all of those things. So in the end, those dialogues have been difficult. But we’ve been successful in oils, we’ve successful in coffee, we’ve been successful in peanut butter, Uncrustables. Now those are market driven, as you know, we’ve been in a long trough [ph] of low commodity cost. And as those things affirm, as the future looks a little stronger for some of those commodities, we’ve been able to reflect those. To your point though, there has been a tremendous amount of rigor to get that done.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens. Your line is open. 
Farha Aslam : Could you guys give some more color on coffee? You highlighted that volumes in the quarter were soft. How does it appear in the first quarter? How do you anticipate volumes to progress into the year?
Steven Oakland : Farha, Steve Oakland. Farha, I think if you go back and look at last year’s numbers. You’ll see that the first quarter a year ago was one of the better quarters we’ve had in mainstream roasting ground in a long time. So we’ve got a pretty steep comp. We’ve got higher green costs earlier in the year. As you know, the current green market probably will hit us later this year. And so, I would expect as Mark Belgya said in his opening comments, I would expect the coffee segment in particular to have a back half loaded year. So I think the first quarter trends might be difficult in that business. We don’t see that fighting us all year ago. We do see some real opportunities in all of our segments in mainstream roasting ground in premium. We did tough very briefly on the KCup opportunity. We've talk about that at Cagney [ph], we do feel more confidence than ever in our relationship with Green Mountain that we are going to be able to unlock that potential in that business as we get later into our fiscal year.
Farha Aslam: That’s helpful. And then could you comment on your Milk-Bones and your Pet Food, sorry Pet Snack portfolio. You highlighted that you’re introducing the innovation of grain free snack and the marketing support behind it. Can we expect Milk-Bone to accelerate and how should we think about the entire snacking portfolio in Pet Foods?
Barry Dunaway: Farha, it’s Barry. Let me just add commentary to that. As you know, we are the category leader in snacks and then we’ve driven that category grow. As far as Milk-Bone is concerned that brand remains strong. Over the last few weeks, we stepped backed and developed a master brand strategy really to reinforce and build relevancy at the Milk-Bone brand and we also think that, we’ll also help provide a solid foundation for us to move into some other segments, growth segments that the Milk-Bone brand doesn’t participate in. We launched the grain free products that Mark referenced earlier, we’re supporting that with some marketing investment. We have some closer innovation that we'll launch in fiscal year that also will be under the Milk-Bone brand and we have a tremendous pipeline of innovation that we’re building that you’ll see come to life in ’19. So that will allow us to grow the Milk-Bone brand significantly as we’ve moving into some new segments. So we’ve developed these innovation platforms that have multi-year growth opportunities for Milk-Bone. One of the other challenges we’ve faced this year is in the natural meat segment with the Milo's brand and our plans going forward for fiscal '18 we have incremental marketing, we have new packaging, we have new product innovation that we'll be launching in fiscal '18. So we think that will also drive some incremental growth in '18 across our snacks portfolio. So those would be some highlights I would add, both near-term for '18 and then longer term into '19 and '20.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe : I had two questions if I could, the first one as I think about this new strategic roadmap kind of the three-year plan. Is fiscal '18 sort of setting the stage for fiscal '19 and fiscal '20. Is this sort of an investment year, is marketing going up a lot? Just trying to get an idea, you obviously have a lot of innovation coming later in the year, and then in '19. Is this the investment year to kind of get ready for that or does that come as the innovation hits?
Mark Belgya : Chris, its Mark Belgya. Thank you for the observation. It is an investment year particularly in marketing obviously we'll need to support this brand as we bring our innovation in '19 and '20 but we do see '18 as an opportunity to invest in a host of things. And again, to go back to the stuff I said earlier, we did take about $50 million of those over delivery of Big Heart synergy and are ploughing those back into the business both in investment and marketing as well as other capability going. So we do see this as a year, I think the point real positives though is that despite a fairly significant increase in marketing which is share drivers [ph] were low double digit over '17 numbers. We’re still showing reasonable good EPS growth as we indicated by earnings guidance range. So more to come, but all-in-all it is a bit of an investment year.
Chris Growe : Maybe along those lines, if you've got a total pool savings of $450 million and we had talked before of our 50 million savings being earmarked for reinvestment. Is there a larger number you can give now in relation to that total 450 million, how much you intend or hope to reinvest back in the business or is that getting too far ahead of ourselves?
Mark Belgya : Yeah, so let me just give you a couple of points, actually I appreciate the question because we wanted to get a couple of things out, just as it relates to our cost program. As to differentiate a little bit what we do with synergies. First of all, we really are looking at the pool at 250 million, so despite the fact that we’re sort of build incrementally, we would like for everyone to think of it that way. And the first 50 million, as we’ve just talked, is being reinvested. The second thing is, we’re not going to go through a lot of detail in future quarters to outline the buckets worth of savings that come from. I think the measure for you will be, are we delivering margin enhancement and growth, but to say to be specific where the savings are coming from. That’s just -- I don’t think that benefits and candidly gets a little bit more difficult as the savings sort of merge and lines feel more blurring. But to your question specifically, I think what you’re going to see is, there is not going to be a penny-to-penny drop to the bottom-line. We still feel at the end of the day we’ll see a lot of profit growth and most of those dollars will hit the P&L, but as we innovate, we expect to bring the market very profitable product that will drive margin growth. So at this point, and certainly the majority of it will, but I don’t want everyone to take away that we’re just going to take the $200 million and sort of portion it out between now and 2020, that’s the way it will hit the bottom-line. So and I think Mark and I both said, we’ll continue to keep everyone abreast to our delivering of our savings, so you’ll be able to track it along. And I think it’s been materialize, too, how the spends will occur. But we feel very confident that a vast majority of that will ultimately hit the bottom-line.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Jason English: A couple of quick questions. First, I think you guys mentioned the potential savings really to your KCup business. On that front, any chance you can quantify. What you’re thinking, can you let us know, if it’s burred in guidance? And can you let us to know, if it’s assumed in your incremental cost savings?
Steven Oakland: Hi Jason. It would be not prudent for us to get specific numbers on exact amount of savings, but it is in our guidance. And we feel confident with our partner KGM, under Bob Gamgort's leadership. We feel like both companies understand that there is a real opportunity here and the Folgers brand, the Dunkin' brands are key to the system, they need to be successful and I think we'll aligned on our whole new level of cooperation. So unfortunately, it’s going to be in the back half and it’s going to be in future years. But I might qualify one other comment, if you look at the KCup category, the KCup category right now 41%-ish, the would be around number of the dollars for KCups, it’s only 21% of the Smucker Company sales. So if we have the right agreement, the right partnership with KGM, this is significant unlock over the next couple of years for us at KCup. 
Mark Smucker: It’s Mark Smucker. I make just added to Steve’s comment that really. One of the couple of things that we like, you guys to take away from the Keurig comment is that, as you all know over the last, I don’t know maybe couple of years. Our KCup business, particularly our Folgers business has been under developed versus the rest of our portfolio and as you compare us with potentially some of our other competitors. What we would love for you to take away is that, with this partnership and the level of cooperation that we’re getting between both companies that we will be on a level playing field, that we will have better distribution and potentially an expanded portfolio. So relatively speaking that portion of our business should come more in line with the category.
Jason English: Okay. Good luck with that. My second question is on cash flow. It seems like, you guys are spending a lot of cash to make, I guess what you call, cash EPS. In free cash flow, you continue to fall short of the bogeys that you’re putting out there and it looks like it’s going to be another disappointed year ahead. What is the pass to try to get back to your targets of cash from ops and free cash flow? Is this just going to be more burn through the P&L to keep the savings going or is there something surely episodic here? And is the reason to look forward and see an inflection going forward?
Mark Belgya: It’s Mark Belgya. A couple of things, and we had this conversation internally. Free cash flow measurement, in this we're going to count elementary [ph], I admit, but it is, as a point in time. And so while this year we delivered call it 870 [ph], if you add that to what we delivered last year, which is 1.2 billion, we delivered over $2 billion in two years, which is pretty much right in line where we thought we would be after two fiscal years. So -- but recognize that we just fall short of our estimates this year. So to just point that out, I think in terms of future, you know this year and next year you are going to see an accelerated CapEx number primarily because of [indiscernible], we’ve disclosed those numbers, but that will drive. I think what we need to do is as we continue to drive earnings growth, I mean earnings growth is going to be a big driver of our free cash flow and then I think the other opportunity and this is some of the cost that is under delivery this year is that we have opportunities still in our working capital. While we did a great job in fiscal '16 around inventory I think there is continued opportunity cross all components of working capital, inventory, receivables, payables to continue to improve those to capture some cash there. So I think as you see earnings growth, the CapEx requirements drop off like in 2020 and 2021 and then I don’t want to see we’re going to put a large program in place with working capital, but I think just kind of putting our nose to the grindstone, those three components will get us back on track to what we talked about a few years ago.
Jason English: Cool. Thanks a lot guys I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. 
John Baumgartner: Steve I’d like to come back on the coffee business, really in two areas. On the single serve side, it seems as if you’re selling a product that isn’t private label or attached to a food service name like in the Café or a Dunkin' or a Starbucks. Growth is pretty hard to come by and that’s just the need for the category. So I guess A, how do you stabilize Folgers KCup, is it really just the pricing game at this point and then B, the regular roasting ground business the category of volumes have been weaker there I guess calendar year-to-date. What do you attribute that to and how do you feel about the price points there relative to demands?
Steven Oakland: Okay. Let me touch on the KCup opportunity first. Clearly, there has been a segmentation within KCups and there is a super-premium segment, there is a premium segment and there is mainstream segment, right. And then there is a value entry point segment. We’ve got to get Folgers positioned and priced right. And if you can imagine we were the first big brand in this. So the agreements that we have are not contemporary. Volumes in KCups this last year grew 10% in volume, but only 3% in dollars. So the deflation in this category was not contemplated in our legacy agreement. So we’ve got to get an agreement that allows us to have the right pack sizes, the right items in the right channels with the right price points. So we’re convinced that if you dig into that you’ll see other mainstream items that do well if they’re priced and merchandized in a right place with the right price points and the right sizes. So we’ve got some work to do there and our partner understands that. So with regards to Folgers. Now will Folgers be the fastest growing piece of that business, probably not, Dunkin' will be. And so having the same characteristics for Dunkin' the right economics and the right access to the right spots, well we think Dunkin' will lead the growth in or one-cup segment, but we think Folgers can play the right role, Folgers has a great opportunity. So that’s with regard to it, if I go back and I look at mainstream roasting ground. If you dig deeper into the IRI you’ll see that the Folgers business did pretty well in some of the discount channels in some of the mass retailers channels and some of the club accounts, right. The traditional grosser in the United States has a lot more options today and with 41% of the dollars coming from KCup, roasting ground has to be able to give that retailer the right price point, the right margin requirement which is new in this, roasting ground usually didn’t provide the retailer enough margin. In order to get the kind of excitement in merchandizing. So as we go forward both the innovation, the marketing support and the trade dollars will be designed to give that retailers a viable options for roasting ground to make roasting ground again an attractive merchandising opportunity. And that’s what you see reflected in our plan for next year. So we think roasting ground has its place, it’s a big business for us, does it need to grow for us to be successful, no. Do we need to perform at or a little better than the category for us to be successful, yes. And we think that’s a reasonable objective for that for that team.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 
Rob Dickerson: I just had a question very generally on the long-term guidance you set forth, I guess, kind of walk through when you purchased Big Heart Pet. And if we think about 3% net sales growth rate for next year, I don’t know depending on the timing of Wesson comes in, 1%, organic sales growth potentially actually could hit a 3% number on the top-line. But just in terms of some of the growth targets you had outlined, which kind of always come up the Pet Food growing 4% to 5%, coffee 2%-3%, et cetera. And then as it kind of flows down into the 3% net sales and 8% earnings per share. Is there from a timing perspective, you say '18 is kind of somewhat of an investment year, '19 and '20 should be better or maybe a little bit ahead of plan on the top-line, which I’m assuming if you translate into maybe a little bit obviously better earnings growth in the bottom-line. Is there any change in those buckets and then also in total aggregate long-term growth targets over let’s say, the next three years, given the plan, given reinvestment need, given the uptick in savings or is basically everything still status quo even though we have all these kinds of pretty volatile moving parts within the business?
Mark Belgya: This is Mark Belgya. Thanks for the question. I think the short answer is there is nothing dramatically difference from our long-term growth objective. I appreciate the question since we have talked about the three-year roadmap, with where we’re guiding this year, obviously to get to an 8% earnings growth we would have to take that number up in '19 and '20. We really are talking more longer term, when we speak about our growth rate. We do think that the earnings should accelerate as we see more of the cost program flow through the bottom-line. And I think the other thing again, this is a little bit longer process, we continue to de-lever, we get the benefit of obviously lower interest and then share repurchases as those opportunities come available. So I think we still feel good about that longer-term sort of 8% plus that we’ve talk about. As the year ago and we get it next year, we'll be more specific about growth rate and in the timeframe of '19 and '20. And then on the top-line, we still feel good about the growth rate that are out there. If you just -- like you said, if you look at less Wesson, than what that’s in the company, that’s accounts for a couple percentage points of growth, and so that 3% still feels right even in the environment we’re facing. So again, a little bit of added on there. But we still feel that the 3% top-line and ultimately 8% EPS is still the right way to think about Smucker Company.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, great. And then secondly, just on the Wesson acquisition in your guidance as now excludes Wesson like on the top-line and also for the bottom-line. I think you said, when you announce that it was -- I think it was $0.10 potentially accretive first year post closing, so I guess you know the number one is what are the expectations for that closing and then after that $0.10, let's say if they were to close at the end of Q1, is guidance obviously, then whenever 75% of the $0.10. So really kind of true guidance or whatever you have plus $0.07 and maybe their upside from that?
Mark Belgya: Yeah, it is Mark again. You know at this point as we announced -- you got the numbers right. When the first full year after the closing will be a dime, you know we're really not in a position at this point to comment on the closing. Its obviously going to be subject to regulatory review and approval, we’re nearing this initiative back, so that clock will start. What we will do is we will provide updates as we can, as we move through the course of the quarters and were appropriately adjusted the guidance to include or not, but at this point we have just specifically excluded because we just are uncertain as to the actual closing date.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Alexia Howard : So can I ask about the retailer environment and then some consumer trends. On the retail side, we’ve been hearing that some of the retailers have been promoting that private label product pretty heavily. I’m just wondering if you could comment on whether you’ve seen that, where its concentrated and how you’re responding to that. And then my follow up would be, on the consumer side we’re hearing that consumers are sort of flocking at to the edge of the store. Obviously, your Uncrustables areas is in the chill section, but if that’s going to continue to be structural trend away from the center into the edge. How do you respond to that strategically overtime? Thank you.
Steven Oakland: Alexia, it's Steve Oakland and I’ll start with regard to the customer private label. There is no question that a number of our customer see the growth of [technical difficulty], right $1 of all the entrance of [indiscernible] as a threat, especially those large mass merchants, right. And I think they see private label as one of the arrows in their quiver to get them price points to compete with those channels. And so we’ve seen aggressive activity in all the commodity based things and coffee and across a number of different categories, right. So are we concerned about that, yes, does it interact with some of our business, yes. We are fortunate in most cases to be the brand leader in our core categories of peanut butter, of roasting ground coffee those things. So we’re probably a little less impacted than the number two or number three brand is. But we do have Folgers in particular we understand what price points we need to hit on that product to maintain the right pricing gaps. In the best world business, we understand we have great detail on the gap we need to have those private labels. We can be above private label in all of those cases, but we can’t with those gaps gets too large. And so we’ve got pretty good analytics on that, I think we’ve got pretty good line of sight on that and then I would say it's in our plans for next year. Those activities are reflected in our plans. 
Barry Dunaway: Steve maybe I would add, as commented on pet. Alexia, one of the reasons we were so attracted to the pet category initially was because it has one of the lowest concentrations of private label cross any other category really, across the retail environment. So although we’re seeing some increased focused by a couple of retailer and private labels, we don’t see any significant shift there from overall category perspective relative to pet.
Mark Smucker: And Alexia, it’s Mark Smucker, I’ll take you consumer question. So you’re right, as we all know, we’ve been talking that this been a trend for some time, the shift of -- some shift to the perimeter of the store. I would say that is one trend of several that we sort of outlined in the prepared remarks. What I would say is that, the reason we still feel so good about our business is because we’re in good categories. We’re not in -- we in categories that still have growth potential. And so part of our objective is to make sure that we are shifting to those parts of the respective categories where the growth is. And so the consumer is not going to abandon the center of the store, it will focus on some of those key categories and there is value. If you think about the mainstream consumer and the value consumer thus folks will continue to shop in the center of the store as well as the higher end consumers. So we think that we’re well position, we still have confidence in the center of the store. Are we opposed, as we think about our portfolio overtime, would we participate in the refrigerated section? Potentially. It’s certainly not out of the realm of possibilities. In our frozen business, the frozen category has been challenged, but again we’re in the right part of that category. So I think that’s overall, why we still feel good about where we’re positioned.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Your line is open. 
Akshay Jagdale: Two questions, first on organic growth and second on M&A. Historically, obviously you’ve done a great job with M&A. But just going back to a question your answered on the long-term growth algorithm. When you looked at the next three years, why is it still the right algorithm to be -- to show 3% growth, when you look at the last three years in each of the segments you have underperform that pretty significantly, especially in Pet Food and Coffee. So can you just help me understand, why you still feel that in the tougher environment potentially where you've had last three years, where you’ve underperformed significantly, those long-term algorithms? Why is it still the right algorithm to look at? And then I have a follow-up on M&A.
Mark Belgya: Actually, it’s Mark Belgya. So a couple of things here. I think you have to look at our expectations holistically. So again, not to put too much weight on Wesson, but Wesson is a 3% top-line growth rate. So we think that those bolt-on opportunities do exist in a host of categories for us. But I think it comes back to, what we have experienced in the last few years. As Steve mentioned earlier, we were in a period of low commodity costs, so those have been reflected in deflation. Yes, we had some challenges in that category, we're not going to [indiscernible] deflation. But as we’ve talked throughout the course of the morning, we are generating these additional dollars to support growth through innovation. And we’ve talk over the last few quarters about platform developing and not just line extensions and we firmly believe that the categories or the platforms we are going to bring to market are going to allow these numbers. And again, its why we felt it was so important to talk about this three-year roadmap and this constantly circling back to see how we’re delivering because we feel that these innovation capabilities are going to allow us to be at 3%. And while we have to be aware of what’s happened in the past, we can’t be driven by what’s happened in the past, we have to take responsibility for growth and that’s what we’re doing.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. And so again it seems like M&A is part of that. I was focusing more on the organic side. But on M&A, the large deal that you’ve done recently. I mean what are your learnings from the business that you just recently acquired where there has clearly been some challenges relative to what you would have expected from that business when you bought it. So what are the learnings from that one that you can apply to future deals. Obviously, over a long period of time, it has created a lot of value with deals, but can you just help me from that lens, if you look at pet food what you’ve learned? Thanks. 
Mark Smucker: Akshay, it's Mark Smucker. I'll start and ask that others if they have any additional comments. So first of all, you know again, Pet it’s a fantastic category, we’ve got some great brands in there. As we’ve acknowledged in the past, I think the integration was little more difficult than we would have expected historically. But we’re through that now and so that’s why we continue to feel optimistic about the pet business. I guess another learning would be is, we’re up against two very formidable and well-respected competitors and you know we have to continue to compete with them and they do a great job. So I think you know just thinking about the competitive set. And then as part of the integration, as we dig into the integration, we inherited some nice innovation, but as we were integrating the business we probably maybe took our eye of the ball a little bit on making sure that that pipeline was full. And so, we’re back and we’ve got a great pipeline as Barry alluded. And so over the next year or two you are going to start to see some things come to market that should help the business overall. So there is components of the business that are -- we have to be mindful of getting our pricing right. There are other parts of business that are really less about value and more about benefits to or perceive benefits of the pet and the consumer. And so it’s a broad portfolio, we play in basically every segment of the pet business and so again I think that’s why we continue to feel optimistic about it. I don’t know if you guys have anything to add?
Barry Dunaway: No, I would agree to that Mark, in fact just one other point is at the same time we were integrating the pet business. We were also transforming other parts of the organization building an innovation, organization for the entire company. We’re building a market development organization as part of our sales team, another transformational capability for long-term growth. So I think that just added to the complexity of the integration, but things that we are doing that we thought made sense for the long-term. So it's just one other perspective but I agree with your comments relative to the pet business, that’s a great business, it's a great category, great brands and we still think we still see tremendous growth potential for the business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic with SIG. Your line is open.
Pablo Zuanic: Just two brief questions about industry by countries. In the case of pet food, can you give us an update for the industry level, where specialty is versus March [ph]. It just seems that March channel is doing better than specialty now. That’s the first question. And the second one for Steve maybe, in terms of KCups, I know the question has been asked in different ways, but the volume was up 10% of the category level said and then value just 3% only. So that’s not because of price deflation, but you have to go through a value brand from private label. So what has to happen at the category level in terms of innovation, in terms of category management of the shelf level in terms of new [indiscernible] in the category? Thank you.
Barry Dunaway: Pablo its Barry. Let me speak to that channel dynamic. As I think you are aware pet specialty continues to be challenged with in-store traffic. And so that is a continuing challenge across that specific channel. But as we’re seeing consumers shift to ecommerce, a lot of those consumers are moving into ecommerce and obviously one of the major retailers just acquired a major player in ecom. So part of their strategy, Mark talked earlier about initiatives we have in place as we’re putting more resources against ecommerce. So that not only can we capture those consumers that are shifting out of store into ecommerce, but how do we drive incremental sales through ecommerce. And then to your point if the consumer is looking to buy their products wherever they’re shopping, the category is healthier in the mass in U.S. retail channels. Just getting back the Nature’s Recipe launch. Our retailers are telling us that launch is anywhere between 25% to 50% incremental to them. So again it just speak to where the consumer is looking to buy their products.
Steve Oakland : Pablo, Steven Oakland. I talk a little bit about our thoughts on the KCup, the macro situation in KCups. And you are right -- the category in the system needs to win for that category to continue to grow. The good news is units are up. So the consumer is voting with their share of coffee cups, that they like the system. It is fair to say that we’ve seen a low in new products in innovation in the machinery point of view. I’m really not in a position to comment about what KGM has shared with us beyond the fact that I think they have a renewed focus on that. They understand the exact things that you’re talking about that household penetration regardless of the top end and the bottom end of the price scale needs to happen in order for those to continue to grow. So they have a plan to, they don’t comment as much public anymore. But they have a plan for that and we’re encouraged by that. And so we do think though, it is important that we get the right sizes and the right price points in the right venues. And as you can imagine, the agreements that we did that as the first player in this, the legacy agreements just did not provide the flexibility, that the current agreements do. And so as we transition to that, we think there is an opportunity for us to give our fair share of the current pie and then we got to count on KGM to help us grow that pie. That doesn’t mean that we won't all work together, I think the bigger manufactures all recognize that grow of the systems in our best interest. So our media mix, our efforts have to support what Keurig is doing.
Pablo Zuanic: That’s great color. Thank you for that. Can I just squeeze one last one. In terms of the agreement portfolio, I know it’s only 20% of the input sale. You just said up/down 1%, can you rate that between Natural Balance and Nature’s Recipe and then remind me, I think Nature’s Recipe is $100 million in sales, so you're spending $50 million to ramp up distribution and mass. I mean obviously the opportunity must be quite big, but that seems a big number when the sales at 100 million. Thanks.
Mark Belgya: Pablo, I apologize. Let me, I think I caught the first part of your question as far as the sales for the quarter. The primary driver of that was Natural Balance, that was the softest component of the specialty decline. About a third of the decline of Natural Balance was due to supply issues not relative to some unique proteins. We’re back in a much better position relative to supply, that’s why we’re projecting low single digit growth for natural balance going into the next fiscal year. And that Nature’s Recipe will provide significant incremental net sales to the overall pet business for '18 as well. So we see strong growth across both of those brands into '18.
Mark Smucker: And Pablo this is Mark Smucker. I think your question was about the relative amount of investment in marketing versus the net sales of the business. Barry commented about the investment was over a two year period.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chuck Cerankosky with NorthCoast Research. Your line is open.
Chuck Cerankosky: Mark Belgya, if you could quickly explain why the new Uncrustables plant will have an $8 million cost to this year. I’m thinking more of a capital expenditure, I’m wondering how that will flow through the P&L? Then I have a follow-up.
Mark Belgya: Yeah, Chuck basically there as you could imagine, most of the spend is really capital, but there are certain costs that will be associated with, for example if we have some [indiscernible] Uncrustables plant in Kentucky. You know just an example like a real location type cost, or a training cost, your other site related costs that just can’t be capitalized in their accounting rules. That’s what it would include, and I would just run through the segment that's through the consumer food segment profitability. So I guess in building their plan, but that’s where it would show up throughout the course of the fiscal year.
Chuck Cerankosky: Could you reiterate what Uncrustables sales were in the past year?
Mark Belgya: It is 220 million in total, that includes both the food service and the retail side.
Chuck Cerankosky: Okay. And how would you look at the stacked repo activity during fiscal '18. What are some of the puts and takes there, how aggressive would the company be in that? Thank you.
Mark Belgya: You know as we’ve said in the past, I mean the stock repurchase is a way that will support earnings or EPS. You know we tell people and we talk to our rating agencies and others over we kind of average 2% a year. But that does fluctuate and it really is a combination of what our cash needs are at the time. Obviously we’re managing our deleveraging of our balance sheet and then you know certainly where the share price is at. So we did view it as an opportunity and its been a key driver for us over the years. But for modeling you know what I think most have done historically is sort of use that 2% overtime.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference back to Mr. Mark Smucker for closing comments.
Mark Smucker: Thank you. First of all just wanted to thank all of you for taking the time to listen in today and you know just reiterate that you know we have proven ability to deliver earnings per share growth and shareholder value. We are in the right categories, we clearly understand our consumer and the customer trends and really focusing on the right areas and we have a clear plan to get there. So thank you for your time and thank you to our employees for their dedication and efforts and we’ll see you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the re-broadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 855-859-2056 or 404-537-3406 with a pass code of 17957323. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-02-17 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Broholm - The J. M. Smucker Co. Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co. Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co. Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co. Barry C. Dunaway - The J. M. Smucker Co.
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Evan Morris - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company fiscal 2017 third quarter earnings conference call. This conference is being recorded, and all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open up the conference for questions and answers after the presentation. Please limit yourself to two initial questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you have any additional questions. I will now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our third quarter earnings conference call. Mark Smucker, President and CEO; and Mark Belgya, Vice Chair and CFO, will provide our prepared comments this morning. Also participating in the Q&A are Steve Oakland, Vice Chair and President, U.S. Food and Beverage; and Barry Dunaway, President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks. During the call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning's press release, which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally as detailed in the press release. These non-GAAP results exclude certain items that affect comparability. One such item for the third quarter was a $76 million or $0.44 per share non-cash impairment charge related to certain trademarks of the Pet Food business, representing approximately 1% of the company's total non-goodwill intangible assets. This charge is excluded from segment profit and the non-GAAP profit measures we will discuss this morning. We have posted to our website a supplementary slide deck summarizing the quarterly results, which can be accessed through the link to the webcast of this call. These slides and a replay of this call will be archived on our website. We will be presenting at the CAGNY investor conference next Wednesday at 8:00 AM Eastern Time. A live webcast of the presentation will be available through our website. We look forward to sharing a more comprehensive update on our strategy and key initiatives at that time. As a result, our prepared comments today will be primarily focused on third quarter results and our full-year outlook. If you have additional questions after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Mark Smucker.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are making good progress positioning the business to meet our long-term objectives for top and bottom line growth while delivering against our consumer-centric vision to engage, delight, and inspire our consumers. Central to our strategy is capitalizing on the strength of our leading brands such as Folgers, Smucker's, Jif, and Milk-Bone while supporting the growth potential of smaller on-trend brands like Smucker's Uncrustables, Café Bustelo, and Sahale Snacks. Investing in these growth initiatives requires us to continue generating fuel in the form of ongoing cost management. Touching on a few of the key accomplishments in the quarter, we had a successful start to the launch of our Nature's Recipe premium dog food in grocery and mass channels, as shipments began during the last week of the quarter. Retailer response to the introduction has been very enthusiastic, as evidenced by significant display and merchandising activities in the past couple weeks. We also announced plans to construct a new Smucker's Uncrustables frozen sandwich factory outside of Denver, which will double our existing manufacturing capacity for this growing brand. During the quarter, company-wide Smucker's Uncrustables volume grew 8% on top of a plus 38% volume comp in the prior year. Our actions for Jif peanut butter and Kibbles 'n Bits dog food reversed the recent volume declines for each brand. We also had strong top line growth for the Dunkin' Donuts and Café Bustelo coffee brands, including continued growth from Dunkin' Donuts K-Cups. Lastly, while overall net sales were down from the prior year, operating income and earnings per share were up on a comparable basis. This is a testament to our diligence around cost management and a continuous improvement mindset, which are providing bottom line support and fuel for our long-term investments. During the quarter, we realized incremental synergies of $26 million. By accelerating our synergy capture, we now expect to achieve $120 million in incremental synergies this year, an increase of $20 million from our previous guidance. We look forward to providing updates on our current and future cost-reduction programs and targets as well as our growth initiatives next week during our presentation at CAGNY. Let me turn to a brief overview of our third quarter financial results. Excluding the impact of a divestiture, net sales declined 2.5% from the prior year. Approximately half of the decline was due to the net impact of commodity-driven pricing actions across a number of categories. Lower mainstream coffee volume also contributed to the decline. Excluding the prior-year profit and gain related to the divested milk business, adjusted operating income for the third quarter was up compared to 2016, as the decreases in net sales was more than offset by lower input cost and SG&A expenses. Adjusted earnings per share grew 5% compared to 2016 excluding the gain. Despite the top line weakness in our business, we expect full-year earnings per share to be generally in line with guidance issued at the outset of the year. Accelerating synergies and a concentrated effort to manage discretionary spending across the company allowed us to continue to deliver bottom line growth. Within Coffee, market share of our total mainstream Coffee business remains relatively unchanged in the latest 4-week and 12-week periods and remains up over the past year. However, net sales for our Folgers brand fell short of our projections for the quarter, primarily due to three factors: first, a change in the size and timing of our list price increase; second, aggressive competitive price points in both mainstream coffee and K-Cups, which we chose not to match; and third, a delay of expected shipments to certain customers with January fiscal year-ends. Some of the stepped-up competitive pricing has carried into the fourth quarter, influencing our coffee forecast for the year. However, based on shipments to date in February and plans for incremental merchandising activities, we expect a sequential improvement in Folgers top line trends for the fourth quarter. The Dunkin' Donuts and Café Bustelo brands each delivered double-digit percent volume/mix growth in the third quarter. With the strong performance of Dunkin' Donuts K-Cups, sales for the product line are now up on a year-to-date basis even while lapping the tremendous 2016 launch. In addition, Dunkin' Donuts K-Cups have crossed the $250 million threshold in annual retail sales sooner than originally anticipated. During the third quarter, we began to recognize higher green coffee costs. In response, we increased list prices by 6% across most of our portfolio in early January, consistent with our practice of being transparent in coffee pricing with retailers and consumers. While our price-to-cost relationship was unfavorable in the third quarter, this is not unusual in quarters when we announce price increases as we manage profitability on a longer-term basis. Within Consumer Foods, segment profit grew 26%, excluding the prior-year impact of the milk business. This was driven by a favorable price-to-cost relationship, as the benefits of a more efficient peanut butter supply chain and other cost management efforts are reflected in our results. While lower and more efficient marketing expense also contributed to segment profit growth, we expect marketing spend within the segment to be up on a full-year basis. Excluding the impact of the divestiture, Consumer Foods sales were down slightly in the third quarter, mostly attributable to anticipated declines for the Smucker's brand. Late in the second quarter, we increased list prices on our fruit spread products by 9% to reflect higher commodity costs, resulting in an initial volume impact that was consistent with our expectations. Sales for Jif peanut butter recovered after a considerable decline last quarter in part due to the timing of shipments. In addition, sales of Jif snack bars continued to grow at a robust double-digit rate, confirming our innovation efforts are on point with consumers. In Pet Food, our change in pricing strategies to improve the competitive positioning of Kibbles 'n Bits in the mainstream dog food category drove 12% volume growth for the brand in the quarter along with a modest increase in net sales and profits. We have additional strategic actions planned to support further growth for the Kibbles 'n Bits brand. This, along with the expansion of Nature's Recipe premium dog food into grocery and mass, are part of a broader strategy we are executing to strengthen our overall dog food portfolio in this channel. For Meow Mix, top line performance lagged the prior year as forecasted, but trends improved on a sequential basis. With the introduction of our new Meow Mix Bistro offering and support from ongoing TV advertising, we are excited about the growth prospects for this brand. For our Natural Balance premium pet food brand, sales decreased as the impact of slower traffic in the pet specialty channel was partially offset by high double-digit increases in online sales compared to the prior year. In addition, sourcing challenges related to a key ingredient in one of the brands' leading SKUs impacted third quarter results with the ingredient shortage expected to continue into the fourth quarter. Sales for our pet snack brands declined as they lapped a promotional event and a high single-digit comp in the prior year. The exit of certain private label businesses and competitive activity at a key retailer, particularly impacting our Milo's Kitchen brand also contributed to the lower sales. Nonetheless, with the power of our pet snacks portfolio and significant efforts to expand our long-term innovation pipeline, we have the right elements to drive future growth. While growth for the pet business is trailing initial expectations, we are confident in the plans we have in place to improve performance and remain optimistic about the long-term growth potential of this business. Lastly, I would like to highlight the performance of both our international and food service businesses, which delivered volume and sales growth across nearly all major categories during the past quarter. Innovation for our Canadian business and distribution gains for our U.S. foodservice business continue to be key drivers of results. In closing, I would like to thank our employees for their commitment to delivering results, building on our product innovation activities, expanding our capabilities to enhance our future growth, and achieving our synergy and cost-savings goals. These efforts position the company well to achieve our long-term objectives and deliver shareholder value. I will now turn the call over to Mark Belgya.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin by providing further detail on the non-cash impairment charge reflected in our third quarter GAAP results. As we disclosed in our 10-Q filed in November, we performed an impairment analysis on the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets related to the Pet Foods segment during the second quarter. Although our annual impairment testing date is in February of each year, this interim analysis was performed due to the previously announced reduction in our fiscal 2017 sales outlook for the Pet segment. The results of the second quarter analysis indicated no required write-down of Pet-related goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets. However, as we disclosed, both items were sensitive to a hypothetical increase in the discount rate used in the calculation. Given this sensitivity and a subsequent increase in the risk-free interest rates, we reperformed this analysis during the third quarter to reflect the higher weighted average cost to capital used to discount the assumed future cash flows. Other assumptions utilized including growth rates did not change materially from the second quarter analysis. The results of this updated analysis continued to indicate no impairment of goodwill. However, it did indicate a fair value that was less than book value for certain indefinite-lived intangible assets, resulting in a non-cash charge of $76 million or $0.44 per share in the third quarter. Moving ahead, the pet food-related goodwill and intangible assets remain sensitive to the risk of further impairment if the risk-free interest rate or other market factors used in the calculation of the weighted average cost of capital increase. Let me now provide additional color on the rest of our third quarter results. I will then conclude with an update on our full-year outlook. Net sales decreased by $95 million or 5% in the third quarter, including a 2 percentage point impact from the prior-year divestiture of the canned milk business. Unfavorable volume mix, primarily related to the Folgers brand, and lower net price realization each contributed somewhat equally to the remaining decline. GAAP earnings per share were $1.16 this quarter, a decline from $1.55 in the prior year driven by the impairment charge. Excluding this charge and reflecting other non-GAAP adjustments for unallocated derivative gain and losses, amortization expense, and special project costs, which are summarized in this morning's press release, adjusted EPS was $2.00 a share. This reflects a 5% increase over the prior-year's adjusted EPS of $1.91, which excludes $0.14 gain on the milk divestiture. Included in this quarter's adjusted EPS is approximately $7 million or $0.04 per share of costs associated with the product recall and the write-off of assets related to a discontinued product line. Adjusted gross profit decreased $38 million or 5% with gross margin flat at 38.5%. The lower gross profit was mostly attributed to coffee volume/mix and lapping prior year's gross profit of $13 million related to the milk business. In addition, while overall input costs were lower in the quarter, this was more than offset by the impact of lower net pricing. SG&A decreased $44 million in the third quarter or 12% compared to 2016. Approximately half of the decline was attributable to incremental synergies compared to the prior year. Reduced marketing and selling expenses also contributed. While full-year marketing spend is now expected to be lower than our previous projection, we continue to anticipate an increase in the fourth quarter compared to the prior year. This lower SG&A led to adjusted operating income of $383 million, up 3% over the prior year once you exclude the $25 million gain and $11 million of operating profit related to the divested milk business included in last year's third quarter results. Below the operating income line, lower interest expense, a lower tax rate, and a decrease in the number of shares outstanding further benefited earnings per share. We now expect a full-year effective tax rate to be approximately 32.5% compared to our previous guidance of 33%. Let me now expand on our segment results. Beginning with Coffee, third quarter net sales decreased 7%, driven by lower volume/mix of 11% for the Folgers brand, partially offset by gains for Dunkin' Donuts and Café Bustelo of 11% and 10%, respectively. Net price realization was 1% lower compared to the prior year as the impact of the 6% list price decrease in May of 2016 was mostly offset by reduced trade spend in the current quarter and the initial impact of last month's 6% list price increase. The lower volume and an unfavorable price-to-cost relationship in the quarter caused Coffee segment profits to decline 12% compared to the prior year. With Folgers volume expected to remain soft into the fourth quarter, we now anticipate full-year Coffee segment profit to be down mid-single digits compared to our previous guidance of being flat to the prior year. In Consumer Foods, net sales declined 2% compared to 2016 excluding the canned milk divestitures. Looking at the key brands, Jif and Pillsbury sales were comparable to the prior year. Sales for the Smucker brands were down 4%, reflecting the volume impact of our recent price increase on fruit spreads, while Crisco declined 3% on lower volume. Lastly, sales declined significantly in the quarter for our truRoots brand due to reduced distribution. However, this was partially offset by growth in our private label brands business. Consumer Foods segment profit declined 8% in the quarter. This was attributable to lapping $9 million of prior-year operating earnings related to the divested milk business and the $25 million gain on the sale. Excluding these items, segment profit was up 26%, reflecting reduced manufacturing costs, higher price realization, and lower marketing expense. On a full-year basis, we continue to anticipate Consumer Foods segment profit to be up mid-single digits, excluding the impact of the milk divestiture. Net sales for our Pet Foods segment decreased 4%, reflecting price investments across a number of brands in our portfolio, which were supported by lower commodity costs. This led to an overall increase in volume for this segment, most notably for our Kibbles 'n Bits brand. The higher volume offset unfavorable mix. Pet Foods segment profit was up 2% compared to the prior year as the lower sales were offset by reduced input costs and marketing expense as well as incremental synergy realization compared to the prior year. Excluding the impact of a product recall, segment profit was up 6%. As we kick off our trade and marketing support for the Nature's Recipe launch during the fourth quarter, we continue to project full-year segment profit will be down slightly for the Pet Foods business. Net sales for International and Foodservice were up 6% compared to the prior year with strong top line performance across each of the underlying business areas. Segment profit decreased 7%, reflecting $2 million of a onetime asset disposal cost in the current year and the lapping of $1 million of prior-year profit related to the divested milk business. Excluding these items, segment profit was flat as the higher sales were offset by an unfavorable impact of foreign currency on our cost of goods sold during the quarter. Turning to cash flow, cash provided by operations was nearly $420 million for the quarter. This compares to $542 million in the prior year, which included benefits related to our working capital initiatives. Factoring in capital expenditures of $53 million, free cash flow was $367 million in the third quarter, and this brings the year-to-date total to nearly $660 million. Factoring in the sum of our earnings forecast, non-cash depreciation and amortization, and a modest working capital contribution for the fourth quarter, we expect full-year free cash flow to range between $950 million and $1 billion. This range continues to reflect a CapEx estimate of $240 million. Let me conclude with an update on our full-year sales and earnings outlook. We now anticipate net sales for the fourth quarter will be comparable to the prior year. The reduction from our previous expectation of mid single-digit increase for the quarter reflects a lower forecast for Coffee, and to a lesser extent, Consumer Foods. This will result in full-year net sales being down approximately 3% compared to 2016, excluding 2 percentage point impact of the divested business. We now project adjusted earnings per share to be in the narrow range of $7.60 to $7.70, factoring in the revised sales forecast along with acceleration of synergies and lower tax rate. In closing, while the challenges to revenue growth persist in certain categories, our teams continue to address both tactical and strategic solutions to turn our top line trend. At the same time, we'll continue to focus on cost takeout to help fuel these initiatives and deliver earnings growth. Thank you for your time and we'll now open up the call to your questions. Operator, if you'd please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. As a reminder, limit yourself to two questions during the Q&A. Our first question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning and thank you.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I hope this question is taken in the intent it has, which is to actually find an answer and not really to sound too harsh. But, Mark, management talked today about growth coming back in Pet and Coffee. I think Mark Belgya said that in the impairment analysis of Pet, the company didn't even meaningfully adjust the outlook for sales growth. But looking back, your Coffee sales have grown by a total, if my numbers are right, of only 4% in the last five years, not CAGR but total. Pet sales are down over the last three years, including when you didn't own it. These are long-term trends, not short-term hiccups. So why is it reasonable to assume that sales will rebound? And I'm not talking about minor stuff like the timing of coffee shipments, which you mentioned. I'm talking about getting back to your long-term guidance of 3% organic sales per year. And it's a target you're going to miss now I think for five straight years. So again, I'm not trying to sound harsh. I really just want to know what the answers are, how we get back to that level.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Ken, thanks for the question. This is Mark Smucker. I would start, so first of all, let me just acknowledge. There has been softness, as you know and you clearly pointed out. At the end of the day, the shifts that we've made in our strategy and the investments that we are making in innovation over the short and long term, we're pretty confident that that's going to help reverse those trends. So for example – and we'll share more with you guys next week at CAGNY, but given the changing consumer landscape, those are the trends that indeed drove the shift in our strategy to not only focus on leading iconic brands, but also to focus on some of these emerging brands as well as innovation across all of that. So we've always been good at the singles and doubles, as we call them, the line extensions, the short-term innovation. We'll continue to be good at that. And then as it relates to the longer stuff, we're going to start thinking about or we are starting to think about platforms like Uncrustables as just one example of how we can think about more meaningful innovation to come out in the next one to two to three years. And so that is what we are laser-focused on. We've had a tremendous amount of work done on our long-term innovation pipeline. And actually, I feel great about what is going to be coming in the next couple years. So in the meantime, we're going to continue to focus on – in Coffee, for example, being present and leading in all of the segments, and thinking about the innovation that can come not only in the short term but also some of the triples and home runs that we hope to bring to bear in the marketplace going forward.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you very much, Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great, thank you and good morning.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hi, David.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: So for my two questions, I wanted to spend time on Coffee and then just Coffee things in a bigger, broader sense. On Coffee, maybe to follow-on on Ken's points, there really is an area of growth in Coffee, but it's in K-Cups and it's in the margin – in the mix movement. But the K-Cup business for you guys has just been a struggle, and I guess I'd just really like to hear what's the plans to move forward on K-Cups to really accelerate that business because that does look like – but maybe you disagree, but that does look like the area where you could really chop some wood. The Folgers brand just continues to be a struggle within K-Cups, but we see other brands that are not too dissimilar from that one that are doing well. So I really would appreciate some diagnostics here on what's wrong and how you really turn that into a big tailwind. The second question would just be to Mark and Mark – I like saying that by the way. What's the story with the cost savings longer term? Back to the whole SG&A comments and SG&A as a percent of sales, it really does look like the company has an opportunity here, but I'm curious just how much you guys are really looking at that and maybe at some future date might have something to truly say about increased cost savings. Thank you.
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Okay, why don't I start? Hi, David. It's Steve Oakland. And I think this might help for some of Ken's comments as well. Let me take you through the Coffee business and the structure of the Coffee business and where we see growth, where we think both the near-term opportunity and the longer-term opportunities are. So to understand our Coffee business, you really have to look at three basic components. There's the premium roast and ground business, the mainstream roast and ground business, and our K-Cup business. In the premium roast and ground business, we have two brands. We talked a little bit about them in the prepared comments, but we have the Dunkin' brand, which is growing nicely both in sales and profits, and we're pleased to say we've got a robust pipeline. We're right in the middle right now of launching an at-home Dunkin' cold brew kit. So working with our partners at Dunkin' Brands, we've got a nice pipeline of innovation that ties to their stores nicely, ties to their brand nicely. The other brand that we don't talk a lot about in here other than its growth, it's still relatively small, but Café Bustelo. And Café Bustelo has been growing at double digits for a number of quarters, and that sales and profit growth is nice. And when you combine that with Dunkin', we have a broad consumer message in that premium segment. But that brand is bringing a very diverse and a much younger consumer into the portfolio. So our premium brands are positioned well. As they grow, they will be big enough over time to offset some of the decline in the mainstream roast and ground segment. So let's talk about mainstream roast and ground. That's our biggest segment. It's our Folgers brand. It's where we have scale. And when we talk about cost reduction and when we talk about leverage there, that's where it is. That business is big enough so that when the Coffee business contributes its portion of the cost savings, that's where it comes from. Now you do have, like you have this current period, you have times when cost volatility, green coffee volatility passes through that mainstream segment. We tend to do it with list price change. Our competitor tends to do it with trade, so you have bumps in the road there. But if you look at our share, our share has been flat to up a little bit over the last five, six, seven years, so over the time we've owned Folgers. So the goals there are to use innovation, leverage, and cost reduction to drive profits out of that segment, maintain our share flat to grow it a tiny bit. We don't kid ourselves there. But that's fueling a lot of the other investment. Then your question on K-Cup is a great one. We were a very early adopter to K-Cups. We got out very quickly. But what comes with that is a legacy supply chain arrangement. And I know there's been a lot of comment by some of the other players in this about the potential for new supply chain arrangements and how much they can impact their business. We see that opportunity. So we project our K-Cup business in total to be up this year, driven by Dunkin'. We're managing a tough cost situation, frankly, on our legacy business, our Folgers business. We think there's an opportunity as our contracts roll off to improve that dramatically. So we see K-Cups as growing for us. We see it as unleashing a lot of earnings power, probably starting 12 months or so from now, and then rolling on over about a three-year period. So our premium business is growing, our mainstream business has great profit potential, and our K-Cup business in the relatively near term will allow us to unlock the value of that, and we think it will drive profits for the future.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: David, this is Mark Smucker. I'll take your second question, and if Mark has anything to add, he certainly can. So just on the cost takeout, what I would start by saying is number one, we're very pleased we've been able to accelerate the current target. We've been able to deliver more. We will deliver more this year. So that's great. Number two, cost takeout is an ongoing effort, and our teams, our employees understand that it is a continuous improvement mindset. It's something that we have to do every day, not just a onetime thing. And so coming out of this, the targets that we've laid out for you guys, we will be continuing to look at other ways to take cost out, and I will submit that there are opportunities. I would also submit that if you think about us versus our peers from an organization standpoint, we're starting from a relatively lean place. We've got just over 7,000 employees. So from that perspective, we feel like we're in pretty good shape. But there are other opportunities over time to continue to look and get better. We have a proven ability in the supply chain. We've consolidated facilities. We've moved around our distribution network. We've done a lot of things in the supply chain and will continue to, but as you point out, there are other opportunities to do that, and we will share some more of those ideas with you guys next week.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: This is Mark Belgya. Maybe just to add a little bit to that last comment, as we've been able to deliver here, the acceleration of synergies has helped. We also have been pretty aggressive in looking at certain expenses across the company, both G&A and other. And we firmly believe that what might be viewed as temporary cost reductions just to deliver a year can become permanent. So we would expect that to play, and I will tell you that we've put the challenge out to the organization as part of our budgeting process, fiscal 2018 planning, to take a harder look at budgeting, probably harder than we have ever done. And then the only other thing here, and I just weighed it, I think you guys know this, but sometimes, you have to be a little cautious. I know it's easy to compare things like SD&A, but companies do treat things a little differently. For example, I know distribution can be in SD&A, it can be in COGS, so I'd just wave that flag a little bit when you do side-by-side comparisons. But that said, we're still going to challenge all those components to see where we have some opportunities. And again, I think next week you'll get a little bit better sense of how we see the synergies playing out through the rest of next year and then maybe some other cost opportunities as well.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you so much.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. I just had a question for you in terms of – in Coffee, the price-cost relationship being a little imbalanced this quarter, does that get fixed relatively quickly in 4Q with the pricing coming through and some of the adjustments to trade promotion spending?
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hi, Chris. Steve Oakland. We get a little bit of that back in the fourth, but it really starts in the first quarter of next year.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So the fourth quarter may still have a little bit of a negative price-cost relationship. Is that right?
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Yes, it will, Chris. This is Mark Belgya. If you think back what coffee cost did over the last call it three to four months, remember we had a period where we sold arabica across $1.70. And we've talked many times about our hedging, where we're constantly hedging over, and so we're moving that average. So through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, we're averaging at the high end of that, and that'll start coming down a little bit, and that'll align itself with where we priced ourselves as we move forward.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I see, okay. Yes, thank you. And then just to follow up, if I could, on the cost savings, I want to understand, Mark – and if I missed this, pardon me – but are the cost savings being pulled forward? Is that the way to look at the incremental savings this year? And then as the overall program change, are you still looking for $200 million I think? But is this simply just a pull-forward into 2017?
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Yes, that's right, Chris. This is Mark Belgya again. That's correct. We just accelerated the recognition and the variety of buckets we talked about the last couple of years.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thank you. I was hoping you could just take a step back for a second and talk about EBIT growth this year. If I look at the new guidance, it really implies no EBIT growth if I take the new tax rate. But you had $120 million of savings that I thought would originally in the beginning of the year drop to the bottom line. Can you help us just to understand how that got absorbed? Was it absorbed in lower coffee sales than expected? Was it incremental investments you needed to make in pet food to get the sales going again? And maybe take a step forward to 2018 and give us a sense of what would make us feel more comfortable that those savings could drop to the bottom line in 2018 instead.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hey, Rob. This is Mark Belgya. So you are correct. We had the $100 million plus of synergies. Just candidly, a lot of that came from the volume profits that we reported on over the course of the year. Now, we have experienced certainly some favorable commodity input that helped from a cost perspective. But just the volume shortfalls, the net sales shortfalls have impacted most of that if you just look at it from the highest level. And I'll let Barry or Steve talk in a moment. And if we just fast forward to next year a little bit, I mean, I think there's a couple of things. One is that we're going to continue to have the opportunity to have synergies, so that, again, will temper anything from the top line. But I think as we'll talk next week at CAGNY with some of the innovation and just with the programs that both Steve and Barry have in terms of just the businesses that they're running, we would not expect to have some of the softness that we experienced in the past year from a top line perspective. So maybe, guys, if you just want to comment on that a little bit.
Barry C. Dunaway - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Sure, Mark. This is Barry. Let me just comment from a Pet perspective. With the launch of Nature's Recipe, that was a strategic decision we made to enter the premium segment in dog food. And in order to drive that business and especially to speak to the consumers about that consumer proposition, we'll be making some significant investments in marketing in F 2018, so we'll expect growth out of our base business, but with that investment in the Nature's Recipe launch, that will have an impact on our F 2018 expectations.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, I appreciate that. And maybe, Steve Oakland, just to follow up, I think you said that you think you have opportunities to negotiate better supply chain arrangements on K-Cups. I imagine that's with your major partner in K-Cups. What gives you confidence that those supply chain arrangements can be negotiated better? What leverage do you have there?
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Well, Rob, I think there's a couple of things. Number one, there are options that never existed when these agreements were originally done, right, so the options both with our current partner and outside our current partner are significant, so more importantly, I think the relationship with the partner and their understanding that they need a healthy Folgers business in this category, and they need Dunkin'. The Dunkin' original SKU is the number one SKU in K-Cups, right? They need that SKU invested in. They need that SKU healthy for the growth of the system long term. So I wouldn't suggest that our goals are necessarily incongruent. That doesn't mean that we don't see what's going on around us and the public comments about how favorable some of the other arrangements have become. Now, those things roll off at different times. We were an early adopter. The agreements, as you can imagine, that were written at the beginning are very different than what an agreement would be written today. And so we're confident from the dialogue we've had with them, from the options we see around us that there's significant opportunity for us to improve that profitability.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: And, Rob, this is Mark Smucker. You know from just your tenure on covering us that we were the first one in the system. We've had great relationships with that partner over time. As their leadership has changed, we've continued to have great relationship. And over that same time period, it's an ongoing dialogue, and so we've made modifications, as have other partners, to those agreements over time. And this is just another one of those opportunities to do that.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Rob, good morning.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Barry, just a couple of questions. The first question I had was just with respect to reinvestment needs relative to cost savings. I know if you do, let's say, announce next week that there are additional measures that can improve your all-in savings, I mean, do you foresee just because of the pressure obviously the industry is experiencing in mainstream, in general mass, and center of the store categories that maybe you need more firepower to compete effectively?
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hey, Rob. This is Mark Belgya. Let me just start and then I'll ask the guys to jump in. So let me set a couple of things. First of all, in terms of investments, we have talked candidly for the last two years since we acquired the Pet business and as we got into the synergies that the synergy recognition was $200 million first bottom line, identified an additional $50 million that we were very specific that every dollar would be reinvested. Some of that is on capabilities, but clearly the majority of that is intended to be reinvested back in the brands. Some of our brands candidly just need additional support. So that's piece one. As we look forward, what we say is continuous improvement is a mindset that we have and will continue to focus on in the company. And what we want to do is we want to balance our cost savings and our future cost savings basically such that when we think about this as an organization as we're very focused on innovation, but we also are focused on cost takeout. The issue is you don't look at these things mutually exclusive. So what we're trying to do is build this mental model where the whole organization is focused on cost such that we can provide the fuel to support the top line growth. So we feel at this point in time – and again, we'll speak a little bit more on this next week at CAGNY. But we feel that the programs that we have in place, things that we've identified from a cost perspective and then just as the work that each of the respective businesses do on a daily basis to identify takeout cost such as Steve suggested, that will all provide adequate support over time to support the innovation that's going to be so important to turn around the top line.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Rob, this is Mark Smucker. I would just add to that. The other component, clearly, the idea, the concept that fuel is inextricably linked to our ability to drive top line growth, that's what Mark was talking about. The second component of that that we've gotten better at is prioritizing where the dollars go. So to the extent that we haven't had a ton more dollars to put against marketing and we've made some very strategic choices like Nature's Recipe, we've gotten a lot better at making sure that the most important opportunities get the resources.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Rather than sprinkling a little dollars across every brand, we're getting a lot more strategic about where the dollars and resources go, and that would also be true as we think about how we go to market as well with our customers.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, perfect. I appreciate that. And then, Mark Belgya, just a simple question for you, the free cash flow target came in a bit, but CapEx stayed the same. Is the CapEx number this year, there's no incremental that we should be building in for the Uncrustables plant, or is there some incremental next year or is all of that already in guidance?
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: So good question. So there's nothing coming in this year. So the $240 million was our original guidance. Next year's will be up. We'll give a little bit more obviously as we move through at our next call and guidance. But what I would say is that in our press release that we said it was $200 million, $170 million to $200 million (sic) [$140 million] in the next phase. That will not all be incremental to next year. So we'll be above the $240 million, but it won't all be additive to the $240 million. So we're still finalizing our plans but just to give you that as some general guidelines. It will probably top off some place a little over $300 million for next year.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great, and then just a quick last one. With respect to share repurchase, I don't want to assume that, let's say, that your shares might be down a bit today, but at some point, they get to a level that share repurchase actually looks attractive. I'm assuming, though, that for the time being at least, the main priority is still deleveraging getting to those targets.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: It is still important to delever, but I will say that when we talk about deployment now as we're getting closer to that three times, it does open up the door for more of what we'll call strategic uses of cash, be it M&A and share repurchase. We still feel share repurchase is a key to long-term valuation growth. And so when it's the right time, we would certainly entertain opportunities to look at that. So I wouldn't take away the comment that we're just focused on debt deleveraging.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks so much. I'll see you next week.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So two questions, first of all, we're hearing from a number of companies that the retailer environment is getting a lot sharper on pricing. And I'm just curious about whether you're feeling that, how you are seeing that playing out across your three categories. I'm particularly thinking about list pricings and promotional activities that seem to be becoming a theme for this year. And then secondly, just on the Pet Food business, we've seen a marked drop-off on the pet treats side of the business. That was always a really strong growth part. Would just be curious about what's causing the pressure on that side of the business and when you think things might start to stabilize and recover there. Thank you.
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Why don't I start? Alexia, it's Steve. And then Barry can speak to pet treats. With regard to the pricing environment with the customer, yes, I would agree with your statement that it's as intense as ever. But one of the questions we get a lot is why do we take pricing up and down in Coffee, and why don't we spend trade or why would we do that? We've got great respect of our customers of the transparency of our commodity-based businesses. And the fact that we take them down makes, frankly, taking them up a bit easier. So they trust that when those commodity costs swing, we'll swing it back the other way. So we work really hard on pricing. We work really hard on that relationship with the retailer and them understanding why. Having said that, I would agree that it is about as difficult of an environment as I've seen, but I think the fact that we have those relationships has gotten us through it. So, Barry?
Barry C. Dunaway - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Sure, good morning, Alexia. It's Barry. Let me comment on the snacks category. We continue to believe there are tremendous growth opportunities in snacks. As the leader of the snacks category, we've driven growth of that category through innovation. And as we stepped back over the last several months and looking at our brand strategies and our innovation pipeline, we've rebuilt that pipeline with some big ideas that we can bring to market. So we think that is going to be fundamental to driving the category growth. I would also speak to our brand strength. When we think of Milk-Bone, it's probably one of our strongest brands across the Smucker portfolio. And based on our deep consumer insights, we think that brand can play in a number of segments where it currently doesn't participate. I'd just give one example of that. We're launching a Milk-Bone toy that will drive incremental treat sales. I think that's just one example where we think we can take the Milk-Bone brand into new segments that will also drive incremental growth. And then from an M&A perspective, we think there are some enabling and bolt-on opportunities in the treat area, so that will also be part of our growth strategy.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much, I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Evan Morris of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Evan Morris - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning.
Evan Morris - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: I just have a broader top line question. So it's been a couple of quarters in a row I guess now where you've had to revise your expectations lower. I'm thinking about it more from an organic sales standpoint. But the commentary seems to be it's going to get better, it's going to get better, we're going to grow. I feel like if you listen to a lot of the comments that your peers have made over the past year or two as well, it's been the same pattern, saying things are going to get better but ultimately having to revise down. So I guess if I look at your business now and how it's tracking from a top line standpoint, and I understand there are certain things that may be a little bit of a drag, some of the commodity type stuff, but I guess I think about it going forward into next year and beyond like, I guess why isn't this more the new normal? Why isn't this the new pattern of where sales trend versus the expectation of improvement, again, because it seems like, again, this broader pattern in the food space of taking numbers down as opposed to sales moving higher?
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hey, Evan. It's Mark Belgya here, then I'll turn it back to Mark. So a couple things, and I do want to call out one point that you made on the commodities, is that with all due respect to our peers, I suspect we have maybe as much flow-through commodity pricing as anybody. So any period of time, especially in downturns of commodity cost, we're probably a little bit more affected, but that aside. So I think it just reinforces what you've heard throughout the course of the morning, is that we recognize that we're in a boat with a lot of other folks in terms of what we're seeing in volume and so forth. But we do feel confident in the fact that we have brands that are iconic brands with large share of market. Take Milk-Bone, Smucker's, Jif, Folgers, in categories that are very important to the retailer that are not necessarily affected as much by the negative things you hear around bad ingredients. So we've got a great core, but where we think we can add what maybe is a little different than a few years ago is what we talked about, this enhanced vision, and this is the focus on these emerging brands. Some of those will be acquired over time. But candidly, we're very fortunate to have what we say – and albeit they're still small, but when you take Uncrustables, Uncrustables is a $200 million business, and we're going to build this facility, which means we're going to push $500 million in the next five years roughly on that business. You take Café Bustelo, which is addressing an entirely different consumer base, bringing the millennial in, which right now is one of the biggest issues that a lot of the iconic brands we see across the food space are being challenged by. And then the Sahale Snacks, which we think is just an up-and-comer that has a lot of legs to grow. So yes, they're small and maybe it's hard to extrapolate those into the kind of growth that maybe you want to see, but we feel strong about that, and that's where our resources and focuses are going to be.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: That was a great answer. I don't really have anything to add to that. This is Mark Smucker. I guess I would just emphasize that it is a journey, and the shifts that we've made both in our priorities and our strategy are critical to driving long-term growth. And I am confident that over the next year and beyond, we will see the types of growth that we have been talking about. And in the meantime, we will continue to focus on the close-in things that can drive top line growth. So I appreciate the question. I think that it's the question that is being asked of our industry right now. But again, the shifts that we have made do position us indeed for continued growth in the long term.
Evan Morris - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay. And just my second question, it might still be a little early, but you have invested in revenue growth, management team, and capabilities. Just any learnings from there and anything that you think that you'll be able to apply to fiscal 2018, and could you see any benefit from some of your early work?
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: So basically, where we are in that journey is we've restructured our go-to-market organization in total and basically allowing us to focus more on where we need to play strategically. Part of that is RGM [Revenue Growth Management]. We are just now in the process of – or almost finished getting that organization fully staffed. And so over the course of the next fiscal year, what our focus will be is on driving efficiencies and finding the low-hanging fruit. Longer term, we will be implementing new tools, new analytics. That would be more in the next 12 to 18 months. That will give us even better visibility to where those efficiencies are. So it will start this year and will continue on over the next couple of years until we really have all of the tools and capabilities that we need to continue to be more effective in that area.
Evan Morris - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay, perfect. Thank you. I'll pass it along.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everybody.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. I guess, Steve, just thinking about mainstream roast and ground coffee, I know your commentary suggested that's the part of the Coffee business with the scale and where a lot of the synergy can flow through. I think over the last few years, you've tried a number of things, I think, from an innovation standpoint, different platforms and such, again, in mainstream roast and ground. So I'm trying to get a sense of if your commentary is different at all with respect to the desire to do more innovation or platform work, again, within that mainstream piece. Or is the thought now maybe some of that didn't play out as expected, and it's now much more of a focus around synergy specifically in that very large and I know very profitable segment?
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hi, Andrew. I would say we have not given up on innovation in the Folgers mainstream business. I think we're realistic about it. I think we understand that maybe in premium coffee, that's an easier hill to climb. We're in the process this month of relaunching the perfect measures. That's a concept that tested amazingly well, and the reason you go to a lead market or test market is to get learning. And I think the learning that we got, we're relaunching. The original customers have expanded the product, so there may be something there. So I would say Folgers probably has a much stronger cost reduction culture than we've talked about in the past, but that culture is really alive and well, and they've identified a number of things both in the near term and the forward term. So we will continue to do that. There will be some focus on innovation, but I wouldn't say at all we've abandoned it. But we do know that we've got to drive cost. We've got to drive fuel from that mainstream business to invest in our premium business, to invest in the other initiatives across the company. And then I spoke to the K-Cup opportunity. We need to offset that K-Cup margin drag in the interim until K-Cups start to carry their own weight. So what I...
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks for that. Thank you for that. Yeah, that's very helpful. Thank you. And then, Mark Belgya, just a quick one. I think some companies more recently have had to think about, I guess, changing the way they treat their cash EPS treatment given some various inquiries and whatnot from the financial accounting boards and such. Is that something that Smucker's needs to potentially think about in the way they report the cash EPS numbers, or does that not really affect how you guys are thinking about it?
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Sure, great question. Right now, we feel comfortable. As everyone knows on the call, we've redefined beginning of this fiscal year to add back amortization and impairment charges. A couple of comments around that. Obviously, we'll see how things play out from an SEC perspective and if there's more challenges and so forth, but the reason we feel good about it is that if you look back over time, we have been very consistent for the last several years in our definition of what we report as non-GAAP EPS, and so we've always had merger integration costs. We've always had restructuring charges. So we feel confident that between our disclosures and our consistencies that we are providing the investors with the proper information, and that we'll just monitor as time plays out as SEC does their thing in terms of the normal course of the quarterly and K reviews and see if we need to of course correct, but at this point, we feel comfortable.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you all and see you next week.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Good morning, Farha.
Mark R. Belgya - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hi, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Could we talk about dog food portfolio and how you think about growth at Natural Balance, Nature's Recipe and Kibbles 'n Bits going forward?
Barry C. Dunaway - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Sure. Good morning, Farha. It's Barry. Let me take that. First, as we entered into this fiscal year, our priority was to stabilize the Kibbles 'n Bits business, and I think we've demonstrated that we've done that. This last quarter, we actually saw growth both in terms of volume and dollar sales. So we're really encouraged as we've focused on the fundamentals really of pricing against that brand. We still think that that brand makes a lot of sense in our portfolio as we think about playing in every segment, so value with Gravy Train. We think about Kibbles 'n Bits as a mainstream brand. We think about Nature's Recipe as a premium brand, and then Natural Balance as a super premium brand within the pet specialty channel. So that's how we think across the portfolio. I just want to compliment our team on the rollout of the Nature's Recipe launch. From decision time to shipment was 17 weeks, and the execution was just incredible. And I think that speaks to a great portfolio of brands, deep knowledge, consumer insights and knowledge regarding our brand portfolio, and then our go-to-market capabilities and leveraging the scale of the broader Smucker organization. So that really came to light. Just some commentary. Early days as far as the launch. The Nature's Recipe brand is now on shelf. We've had some early indications from retailers that the product is performing at least even greater than expectations, and feedback we received from one retailer is 50% of the purchases so far are from consumers who did not shop the pet aisle previously in the grocery and the U.S. retail channel. So I think it just speaks to the incrementality that we expect to see from that brand. And then relative to Natural Balance, that's our flagship brand in pet specialty. Crossing Nature's over into the U.S. retail channel allows us to be laser-focused on that brand. And so our pet specialty team is focused on growing that brand and in that channel. We're launching some great innovation. At the end of the fourth quarter, we'll be bringing a high-protein, limited ingredient offering which really speaks to the equities of Natural Balance. And then from an e-comm perspective, our sales of Natural Balance to the e-comm channel are 50% greater than what we expected them to be this year. So when we think about the growth opportunities with e-comm and particularly with Natural Balance, we see a lot of upside there. So that's how we're thinking about the dog food portfolio.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And just, again, follow-up on Pet, do you still see this Pet business as having the capability to grow in that 3% to 4% range when you bought the business now that you've repositioned the portfolio? Or should we think of it as a lower growth rate business, maybe in the 2% range?
Barry C. Dunaway - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Yes, we're still confident in the growth expectations around the Pet business. Certainly, 3% near term. I think as we look at some longer-term opportunities, when we bring some big bets from an innovation perspective and then I spoke earlier about some bolt-on and enabling acquisitions, we think we'll get back to that 4% to 5% longer term. So yes, still very confident regarding the growth opportunities about Pet. It's a great category to be in. We have amazing brands, and so we do expect to see that growth.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the questions.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hi, John.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Maybe a few for Barry. I'd like to ask sticking with Pet, can you quantify how much the pet supers channel declined in the quarter and your outlook for traffic there moving forward? And then maybe how much of the pressure in Natural Balance was due to anything that was more brand-specific or execution-related relative to just the inability for growth in e-comm to fully offset the declines in bricks and mortar?
Barry C. Dunaway - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Hey. Good morning, John. It's Barry. Let me just speak to the pet specialty channel. I think like our competitors, we all saw some declines in store traffic especially this past quarter, and I think it was close to 5% declines in traffic across all the major retailers. So not unlike our competitors, I think that was part of the challenge. We spoke to an ingredient issue. So with our Natural Balance product and our proposition, we have some unique proteins. Unfortunately, with one of those, those proteins in a lead item, we've experienced some shortages. Our supply chain team is focused on replenishment, and we'll get back to a continuous supply I think probably by the end of the fourth quarter.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then maybe just as a follow-up, can you speak to the influence of the natural value segment evolving in terms of how much of a headwind is that to the established brands such as Natural Balance? Is development of that natural value segment having more of an impact on the business than expected going forward?
Barry C. Dunaway - The J. M. Smucker Co.: No, I don't think it's having a significant impact. No.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Thanks for the question. I'll just keep it to one, and I think it's for Steve and Mark. But just going back to your commentary on Coffee, very helpful how you're thinking about it, but can you help frame that entire perspective or give us some perspective relative to commodity cost movements and your long-term EBIT growth expectations for that business? So basically, before this quarter, the trailing six quarters before this, you had significant growth in EBIT in that segment, right? It was double digits, I think 12% on average. And you had lower commodity costs, and you had the successful launch of Dunkin' helping you there. So when you have commodity costs rising, should we think of a different growth algorithm than when commodity costs are coming down? How does that really play through? Because it does seem to imply that when costs are going up, for a period of time, you're going to be below what the normal EBIT growth rate for that business should be. And I know you're saying you need to make a push or be better in innovation. Can you help us understand what you're doing there to be better? Perfect Measures is a good recent example where you thought it was a big bet, and I guess, it hasn't played out as well, so that's my question.
Steven Oakland - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Sure. Hi, Akshay. I would say a couple of things. I think volatility is more difficult in the short term in our mainstream business than rising costs. We can manage rising costs, and we've got a history of that. When we have situations like we have where we have commodity spike for short periods of time where we've got our own position and our competitive position have different cost structures throughout them. Then you see funds fall through in trade, funds fall through in different methods. So I think that creates those difficult periods that you're referencing. I think over the long term, we're convinced we can, with the mix of businesses we have, with the growth of our premium business, the cost reduction focus on our mainstream, over time, we can give you that EBIT growth especially once we get our K-Cup business to contribute at the levels that it used to when it first started. So we'll get that back. We haven't talked a lot about the different components like this before. We've overcome the price compression in the K-Cup business over the last year or two in the numbers that you referenced. So I think when we have periods like we just experienced where it's really volatile, we may have some tough quarters in the mainstream business. Generally, price inflation or deflation, as long as it's consistent, then over time, we can manage that. So in a period like this, you've got to look a little longer term. And with regard to innovation, I think we have a portfolio now that's broad enough between the three segments that we can bring enough innovation to bear. Like I said in an earlier question, we're not giving up on our Folgers business. It's got great equity. It still got 23 million households across the country. It's got the largest household penetration by far. The number one premium brand has 8 million households. The total private label K-Cup, the fastest growing part of K-Cup, had 10 million households, all brands combined. So the Folgers business is still a really important business. There's a large customer base out there. We've got some work to do to find the right insight, those things that target them. So we're not giving up on it, but we also have some other places to play both in K-Cups and premium.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: In the interest of time, I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Q&A portion of today's conference. I'd like to turn the call back to management to conclude.
Mark T. Smucker - The J. M. Smucker Co.: Again, I just want to thank all of you for your interest this morning. I know one of our peers is on their call right now, so thank you for your attention. Thanks for listening, and we really look forward to seeing many of you next week at CAGNY. Have a great weekend.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the re-broadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 855-859-2056 or 404-537-3406 with a pass code of 44189768. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for your participation. Have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2016-11-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Broholm - VP, Investor Relations Mark Smucker - President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Belgya - Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer Steven Oakland - Vice Chair and President, U.S. Food and Beverage Barry Dunaway - President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks
Analysts: David Driscoll - Citigroup Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Ken Goldman - J.P. Morgan Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Alexia Howard - AB Bernstein Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Jason English - Goldman Sachs John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Aatish Shah - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the J. M. Smucker Company’s fiscal 2017 second quarter earnings conference. This conference is being recorded an all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers after the presentation. Please limit yourself to two initial questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you then have additional questions. I will now turn the conference call over Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter earnings conference call. With me today and presenting our prepared comments are Mark Smucker, Chief Executive Officer, and Mark Belgya, Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer. Also, joining us for the Q&A portion of the call are Steven Oakland, Vice Chair and President, U.S. Food and Beverage, and Barry Dunaway, President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking looking statements in this morning’s press release, which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results for the purposes of evaluating performance internally as detailed in the press release. We have also posted to our website a supplementary slide deck summarizing our second quarter results, which can be accessed through the link to the webcast of this call. These slides and a replay of this call will be archived on our website. If you have any questions after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This continues to be an exciting and dynamic time at Smucker as we're delivering on both our current-year priorities and our long-term goals. This includes another quarter of record adjusted earnings per share as we continue to achieve our targets for synergies and cost savings. Second quarter results also benefited from the strong performance of the Uncrustables, Dunkin' Donuts, Cafe Bustelo, and Smucker's brands, along with contributions from innovation as new products introduced in the past three years contributed 9% of our net sales in the quarter. In addition, we are investing in new capabilities to support the growth of our brands in on-trend platforms. We're making good progress on our journey to enhance innovation, e-commerce, our go-to-market skill set, and revenue management capabilities. One of the key initiatives that we are thrilled to share this morning is the decision to launch our Nature's Recipe premium pet food brand into the mainstream grocery and mass channels, which I will discuss in a moment. All of these efforts will position us to meet our long-term objectives for top and bottom line growth and deliver against our consumer-centric vision to engage, delight and inspire our consumers. With that background, let me provide a brief overview of our second quarter results. Excluding the impact of divestitures and foreign-exchange, net sales decreased 5% compared to 2016. This included a 2% impact from lower pricing, primarily reflecting a list price decline in coffee taken earlier in the fiscal year. Lower pet food and peanut butter sales also contributed. With the anticipated impact of commodity inflation in certain categories and contributions from the launch of Nature's Recipe, we continue to project full year net sales to be in the range of flat to down 1% compared with 2016. For the second quarter, adjusted operating income was in line with the prior year as the decrease in net sales was more than offset by lower input costs and incremental synergies. Aided by a lower tax rate and a decrease in shares, adjusted earnings per share grew 7% to $2.05, exceeding our previous estimate for the quarter. This was mostly attributable to higher-than-planned segment profit for pet food and a continued focus on controlling administrative expenses. For pets, the over-delivery reflected a decision to reallocate a portion of our planned second quarter marketing spend to the fourth quarter to support the Nature's Recipe launch. For the full year, we remain on track to achieve our previously stated guidance for adjusted earnings per share. As I turn to the US retail segments, I would highlight that in each of our businesses, not only do we compete in every segment of each category, but are strategically focused on those segments where we can achieve the most long-term growth. Beginning with coffee, profit was up 3% over the prior year, despite the anticipated topline impact of price declines. In terms of the brands, volume for Folgers roasted ground coffee decreased 5%, reflecting a decline in our opening price point value offerings. However, Folgers K-Cup volume increased in the quarter, responding favorably to planned price investments. For the Dunkin' Donuts brand, bagged coffee volume was up 6% as lower prices supported by favorable input costs have improved the competitive position of the brand. In addition, Dunkin’ K-Cups achieved double-digit volume growth in the quarter, including contributions from new varieties. And the brand continues to gain market share in the one cup segment. Our Cafe Bustelo brand also realized double-digit growth in the second quarter for both its roast and ground, and K-Cup offerings and we anticipate this trend to carry into the back half of the year. Turning briefly to the green coffee market, both Arabica and Robusta futures increased further lately. However, we continue to recognize lower green coffee costs in the second quarter. While we do not disclose our hedged positions, we remain confident in our ability to adjust pricing when warranted by our recognized costs as we have managed pricing in the past during periods of significantly higher green coffee markets. Within our consumer food segment, the second quarter performance of peanut butter was weaker than last year, with a high-single-digit volume decline for the Jif brand. This was partially attributable to the timing of shipments as consumption and market share trends remain comparable to the prior year. With upcoming merchandising support and additional marketing investments, we anticipate peanut butter sales to improve in the back half of the year. The Smucker's brand delivered solid performance in the second quarter. As expected, volume rebounded in the quarter for Uncrustables frozen sandwiches following a softer first quarter which was related to timing of customer shipments. Volume was up 13% in the second quarter and year-to-date Uncrustables volume is now up 6% in our retail business. We expect double-digit growth for the full year. In addition, our snacking platform continues to gain traction beyond Uncrustables as Sahale Snacks and Jif bars also delivered sales growth in the quarter and gained new points of distribution. Lastly, as it relates to the Pillsbury brand, aggressive competitive activities continued to influence the overall baking category and impact topline performance, trends we expect to continue as we proceed through the fall bake period. However, Pillsbury and all our bake-off brands remain key contributors to overall segment profit, which we also expect to continue. Turning to the pet food segment, we are excited to share our plans to offer premium dog food in grocery and mass outlets through the introduction of the Nature's Recipe brand in these channels. Nature's Recipe premium pet food has a long history participating in the pet specialty channel and is uniquely positioned to meet the consumers’ increasing desire for natural and wellness offerings at accessible price points. This launch allows us to participate in the fast-growing premium segment within traditional grocery outlets and leverage our scale in these channels. Retailer response to the introduction has been very enthusiastic and our teams are doing a fantastic job executing our launch plans. Initial shipments should occur near the beginning of the fourth quarter, supported by strong marketing and merchandising efforts. We expect this launch will complement our actions to stabilize the Kibbles 'n Bits brand and will benefit our entire dog food portfolio, providing a strong presence in each segment of the mainstream dog food category. Looking at the rest of the pet food business, topline performance from Meow Mix cat food was soft in the second quarter as anticipated. As we transition out underperforming SKUs, we are content about driving future growth with new on-trend offerings, such as our latest innovation Meow Mix Bistro, along with investments in TV advertising and pricing support. Sales for Pet snacks were down mid-single-digits in the quarter against the strong prior year comp. For the Milk-Bone brand, sales were down low-single-digits, with a portion of the decline being timing related, reflecting a shift in the promotional calendar. For the rest of the snacks portfolio, the exit of certain private label businesses and the impact of competitive activities, particularly on our Milo's Kitchen brand also contributed. With future innovation underway in an upcoming packet redesign, we anticipate growth of Milo's Kitchen over the long-term as protein-based snacks increase in popularity.  Within premium pet food, sales for the Natural Balance brand were down slightly in the quarter, reflecting the recent slowdown in the overall pet superstore channel. However, we project a stronger back half of the year for Natural Balance, supported by the ongoing national advertising campaign. Finally, our synergy and cost savings activities remain on track as our diligence around cost management and a continuous improvement mindset is greater than ever. In the second quarter, we realized $29 million of incremental synergies bringing our year-to-date total to approximately $60 million. We continue to anticipate $100 million of incremental synergies for the full fiscal year, with the potential for some upside to this estimate. Including the $37 million realized in fiscal 2016, this would bring our total to nearly $140 million of the $200 million anticipated by the end of fiscal 2018. In addition, we continue to target $50 million of additional annual cost savings to be realized over the next few years related to our previously announced organizational redesign program and plant closures. As we have indicated, we expect to initially invest much of these incremental savings in several identified areas that I mentioned earlier that will ultimately support topline growth. In closing, I would like to thank our employees for their continued efforts towards delivering results in our core business, building on our product innovation activities and marketing support, expanding our capabilities to enhance future growth, and achieving our synergy and cost savings goals. This strong execution continues to position the company well for the remainder of this fiscal year and the longer-term. I will now turn the call over to Mark Belgya.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Mark. And good morning, everyone. I will begin by providing additional color on our second quarter results and then conclude with our outlook for the full year. Net sales decreased by $164 million or 8% in the quarter. The prior year's divestiture of the canned milk business detracted 3 percentage points as did volume mix, which was driven by pet food, coffee and peanut butter. Lower net price realization had a 2% impact and was mostly attributable to coffee. The impact of foreign exchange was immaterial. GAAP earnings per share were $1.52 this quarter, 3% above the prior year. Factoring in non-GAAP adjustments for unallocated derivative gains and losses, amortization expense and special project costs, which are all summarized in this morning's press release, adjusted EPS was $2.05, an increase of 7%. Adjusted gross profit declined at a significantly slower rate than sales, resulting in 190 basis point improvement in gross margin to 39.6%. Year-over-year gross margin expansion was realized in all three US retail segments, most significantly for coffee. Overall commodity costs were lower in the quarter, driven by green coffee and offset the impact of lower net pricing. Reduced manufacturing overhead costs and incremental synergies contributed to gross margin growth. SD&A decreased $27 million in the second quarter or 7% compared to 2016, mostly attributable to incremental synergies. Excluding the benefits of synergies, marketing expense increased slightly for the quarter. As Mark indicated, a portion of the marketing spend originally planned for the second quarter is now being shifted to the fourth quarter to support the launch of Nature’s Recipe brand in grocery and mass channels. For the full year, we expect market expense to be up approximately $35 million or 8% across the company. Adjusted operating income for the second quarter was flat with the prior year, while operating margin increased 170 basis points to 20.7%. Below the operating income line, lower interest and income tax expense and a decrease in the number of shares outstanding contributed to the earnings per share growth. We now expect the full year effective tax rate to be consistent with our year-to-date rate of approximately 33% compared to our previous guidance of 33.5%. Let me expand on our segment results. Beginning with coffee, second quarter net sales decreased 6%. Lower net price realization drove five percentage points of this decline, reflecting the full quarter impact of the 6% list price decline taken in May of this year across most of the coffee portfolio. Negative volume mix had a 1% impact in the quarter. Net sales for the Folgers declined 10% with lower net price realization and volume mix contributing somewhat equally. For the Dunkin’ Donuts brand, sales were up 4% as lower pricing was offset by strong volume mix growth for bagged and K-Cup offerings. Lastly, Cafe Bustelo sales were up 20% as the momentum for this brand continues. Coffee segment profit grew 3% compared to the prior year, with segment margin increasing 300 basis points to 33.8%. The net impact of lower pricing as compared to the recognition of lower cost was favorable to segment profit in the quarter and more than offset unfavorable volume mix and a higher marketing expense. Turning to consumer foods, net sales were down 4%, excluding the canned milk divestiture, mostly due to unfavorable volume mix. Looking at the key brands, Jif was down 12%. For nut butters, this reflected lower volumes, partially attributed to the timing of shipments along with lower pricing, while Jif bars continued to have strong growth. Sales for the Smucker's brands were up 4%, driven by the return to double-digit growth for Uncrustables frozen sandwiches. In the bake aisle, sales for Crisco were down slightly as growth in oiled was offset by a decline in shortening and Pillsbury brand sales decreased high-single-digits on lower volume. Consumer food segment profit declined 7% attributable to $12 million of prior-year earnings related to the divested milk business. Excluding this impact, segment profit was up 3% as reduced manufacturing costs offset lower volume mix and net price realization and an increase in marketing. Net sales for our pet food segment decreased 6% primarily reflecting volume mix. Lower sales were driven by high-single-digit declines for our mainstream pet food brand, including Meow Mix and Kibbles 'n Bits. While sales for our largest pet snack brands, Milk-Bone and Pup-Peroni were comparable to a strong performance in the prior-year, a decline for Milo’s Kitchen and the exit of some private label businesses were key drivers of a 6% decrease across our pet snacks portfolio. Sales for our premium Natural Balance brand declined 1%. Pet food segment profit was consistent with the prior year as the sales shortfall was offset by reduced input cost, incremental synergy realization and a slight reduction in marketing for the quarter. Net sales International and Foodservice declined 3% compared to the prior year. Excluding the impact of the canned milk divestiture, net sales were down 1% as favorable volume mix was offset by lower price realization. Segment profit decreased 7% compared with very strong second quarter in the prior-year. Approximately half of this decline was due to lapping $2 million of prior-year profit related to the divested milk business. In addition, the net impact of pricing and costs was unfavorable and only partially offset by favorable volume mix and lower marketing. Turning to cash flow, cash provided by operations was $136 million for the quarter. This compares to $276 million in the prior year, which included benefits related to our working capital initiatives. Factoring in capital expenditures of $34 million, free cash flow was $103 million in the second quarter, bringing the first half total to $291 million. We continue to project full year free cash flow of $1 billion assuming CapEx of $240 million. While this implies a significant acceleration of free cash flow in the back half of the year, this is consistent with our historical trends and our current working capital assumptions. During the second quarter, we paid down an additional $100 million on our term loan and ended the quarter with total debt of $5.35 billion. Based on trailing 12-month EBITDA of nearly $1.6 billion, our leverage currently stands at just under 3.4 times and we continue to target a leverage ratio 3.1 times by the end of this fiscal year. Let me conclude with an update on our full-year sales and earnings outlook, which remain unchanged from our most recent guidance. Excluding the 2-percentage point impact of the divested milk business, we continue to expect net sales to be in the range of flat to down 1% compared to the prior year. This implies a return to organic sales growth for the back half of fiscal 2017, including the anticipated impact of commodity inflation in certain categories, contributions from the launch of Nature’s Recipe and the continued strong growth of Uncrustables in both retail and the food service channel. In addition, we continue to project adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $7.60 and $7.75, with a bias towards the middle to high-end of this range. While this is unchanged from our previous guidance, there are a few puts and takes reflected in our outlook. Most notably, the benefit from the lower projected tax rate is expected to be offset by incremental investments in support of the Nature’s Recipe launch. In closing, while the challenges to revenue growth persist in certain categories, partially driven by the benefit of favorable commodity costs being passed on to our consumers, we remain pleased with our earnings performance. In addition, we continue to make meaningful progress executing on our key initiatives to improve topline trends moving forward. Overall, we remain confident on our ability to achieve solid financial results this fiscal year and beyond. We thank you for your time and we’ll now open up the call to your questions. Operator, if you would please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is open.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
David Driscoll: So, I guess, I’d like to talk a little bit about retail consumer. What's happening here, specifically on volumes, such a mid-single-digit volume decline is still able to generate higher profits with increased marketing? Are you pruning unprofitable volumes? And then, could you just talk about volume expectations for the remaining portion of the year for this segment and the others as well? Thank you.
Steven Oakland: Hi, David. Steve Oakland. I’ll start and then Mark or Barry can jump in. I think there’s been a lot of work done on our portfolios. And if you think about how we’ve constructed our coffee business and how it’s performing, it’s doing just as it’s been built, right? We have a large profitable mainstream business and that large mainstream business has provided a platform. And I think in Mark’s comments, we talked about 20% growth on Bustelo, our Dunkin’ K-cup business up 12%, our Dunkin bagged business up. So, I think it’s allowed us to really manage the mix game. It’s allowed to manage where we are large and where we can scratch out those segments that are growing. You’ve got to dig into the details. In our coffee business, I think in Mark’s scripted comments, the OPP item is down, our lowest priced item is down, but our mainstream 30.9-ounce classic roast item is up 2%. So there's a lot of work going on within each one of these businesses and we’re able to, by managing mix, bring both margin and the right things in. The same thing in consumer foods. We’ve got Sahale. We had good performance from Sahale in the quarter. The Jif bar snacks, there’s nice mix and margin opportunities within each one of these categories.
Mark Belgya: David, this is Mark Belgya. Just to add to on the consumer foods which I think might have been a little more focused question, so the other thing that we realized is that we are running – and this is true candidly across our coffee business as well – but from a manufacturing perspective, we’re seeing really good efficiencies. So, that flowed through to earnings this quarter as well, which helped the profitability despite the softer volume.
Steven Oakland: I’d go back and say, those are all supply chain work. We always talk about these things and supply chain opportunities, they’re starting to drive better results across each one of the food and beverage businesses.
David Driscoll: Can you guys just give a little bit of commentary on the volume expectations for the segments going forward? And I think the Street’s just been off on some of the expectations. I’ve been off on some of my volume expectations. And I’d just like to understand how volumes are expected to flow in the segments in the remaining two quarters. Thank you.
Mark Belgya: This is Mark, David, again. Maybe I’ll start. You guys can jump in. I think that what you’re going to see – because I understand – or I’m guessing just based on some of the early feedback we’ve got from the reports that there’s questioning whether or not we can hit the second half sales. And I think there’s a couple of things I would frame it bigger and, again, you guys can speak to the volume. But we are seeing – expected a little bit of volume growth. But, really, the growth, I think, from topline is going to come through what we said. It’s going to be some of the effect of inflation that will probably come through. It will be the Nature’s Recipe rollout, it will be Uncrustables. But then in some of the other businesses, for example, Jif, I think you’re going to see a turnaround there. We’ve got some target merchandising programs that we’re going to put into place that should address a little bit of what we – the negative we experienced here in Q2. And I think that probably holds true for some of the other categories.
Steven Oakland: We’ve been in a long period, as you know, of low commodities. We did take our fruit spreads price increase at the end of the quarter. That’s not one that we make a big press release around. But that is in and up across the categories and that’s been recepted well. I think given the fact that we have transparent pricing and we have credibility with the retailer, we took our coffee pricing down when a lot of others didn’t. That gives us the credibility when we have pricing and inflation in our commodities to take those prices back up. So, I think it's fair to assume that there’ll be some of that in the back half. 
Mark Smucker: David, this is Mark Smucker. Just a couple other comments around – just to build on what Mark said. First of all, the Nature’s Recipe piece is important and we do expect a very healthy launch of that product. And then, Steve’s point, of course, around inflation, we already have taken actually a price increase on the Smucker's brand. And then, I would also point to consumption data. As we look at consumption data, on most of our categories, the share loss, if there is one, is very modest. And so, we’re seeing turns remain relatively strong. I would point to peanut butter as an example. We had a very soft quarter in peanut butter, but as we dug into those numbers, we did see several customers adjusting inventory. We would expect some of that to come back and the consumption data around peanut butter remains reasonably strong as well. So, I think that – all of those things put together give us some confidence in the back half.
David Driscoll: Thank you very much. I’ll pass it along.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your life is open.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody. 
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi. Just on the – digging in a little bit on the upcoming launch into mass premium, I guess Nature’s Recipe has been a, call it, maybe low-single-digit share brand or so in the pet specialty space for quite some time. I know there’s been a number of efforts against the brand over time, relaunches and such. Don’t know that it’s necessarily moved the needle on that brand a ton. So, I’m just trying to get a sense of – a little bit more on the thinking behind choosing that as the brand, that was the right one for the mass premium launch, just a little bit more on your thinking into that. And should we be concerned at all about any reaction on the Nature’s Recipe brand from, let’s say, retailers in the specialty channel as you take this brand into the mass space?
Barry Dunaway: Hi, Andrew. It’s Barry. Let me answer that question for you. As you know, we’ve been giving a lot of thought to how to enter the premium segment and we explored a number of alternatives including would we cross one of our brands. And as we look in our portfolio, we really believe the Nature’s Recipe is the right brand. That brand has about 35 years of history and heritage in the pet specialty channel. And as we look at what the consumer is looking for in the mass and grocery channels, we believe that is the right brand. The acceptance from the retailers as we’ve taken that out as part of the launch has exceeded our expectations. So, we definitely believe that’s the right brand. Our retailers have confirmed with us it’s the right brand, it’s the right time and we’re the right company to bring that brand into the segment.  From a growth perspective, we are developing a marketing communications plan. We’ll have marketing in place fourth quarter to support the launch and then we’ll have a national campaign next year really to speak to the attributes of the brand. From a competitive or reaction from the pet specialty retailers, we shared our decision with them right upfront when we made the decision to launch. And we anticipate that both of those retailers will continue to support the brand in their stores. And so, again, I think it speaks to the strength of the brand at both pet specialty as well as the potential that it has been in mass and grocery.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thanks so much. I wanted to get a little bit of more color on the mainstream pet business. Barry, as you're getting more and more involved in this, what are you learning about maybe what went wrong, what could've been done better, what help can you give us in terms of what's going to change and, I think, most importantly, maybe on the outside, what markers maybe should we be looking for to sort of get a sense of when some of these big brands that maybe have dragged you guys a little bit, improve a little bit from here?
Barry Dunaway: Sure. Let me just share with you some of our learnings and my own personal learnings. I think, as we said last quarter, price is paramount. And you have to be priced right in order to compete in mainstream dog. And I think with our bonus bags in place, we’re certainly seeing the benefit of being priced right. Just to give some color there, if we think about our key – one of our major retailers, the number one retailer who over-indexes on [indiscernible], that brand was down – if you look at a 12-month period, we’re down 12%. If you look in the last quarter, we’re down just under 6%. So, I think that speaks to the positive trends when you get price right. You also have to market the brand and have communications directed at the consumer. So, we will be back marketing that brand in F18. We’re refreshing packaging. We’re bringing some innovation to the category. So, I think those are the – it’s just the fundamentals of marketing a brand, especially when you're up against major competitors like we’re. So, I think those are some of the learnings. And we’re seeing some nice positive trends based on the trends that we’ve seen. We’re now confident that we should be back in the marketplace in marketing that brand.
Ken Goldman: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open.
Christopher Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Christopher Growe: Hi. I just had a question, first of all, on the marketing. I think you have been talking about $40 million, now it’s $35 million, not a significant change. But I was just curious, I’ve heard about some incremental trade spending in some categories, is there any kind of shift in spending? Maybe you could also talk about your kind of trading spending programs and if those are going up from here?
Mark Belgya: Hey, Chris. This is Mark Belgya. So, as you noted, we did take down our marketing spend a little bit. But as you said, it’s $5 million. It’s pretty insignificant on an over $400 million base. So, there’s really been no significant changes from marketing to trade. It’s just – when you look at these programs, you think about the number of brands we’re supporting. There is always going to be a little bit of flexibility. And so, we feel good. I think the one thing that I would like to maybe address here while we’re on the subject of marketing – it’s probably on some folks mind – but I'm sure everyone recalls at the end of Q1, we had indicated that part of the over-delivery against our first quarter was due to a time shift in marketing spend. And we had anticipated that – a fair amount of that which was pet related would slide into Q2 and kind of guided to that. As it turned out, shortly after we got into Q2, we had landed on our decision around Nature’s Recipe. And just as I think – and, Barry, I won’t speak for you – but I think that the pet teams have stepped back and said how do we want to make sure that we have a successful launch. We really took pause and challenged some of our working spend in some of the other areas. So, what’s happened then is we shifted it once again, if you will, into Q4. A lot of those dollars we talked about in Q2 shifting are just moving into Q4. And that clearly contributed to the earnings for the quarter. So, I don’t know, guys, if you had any other comments around trade spend trends.
Steven Oakland: Yeah. I guess comment back on both our coffee, our peanut butter, our big categories and our baking business. I would say our focus is on trade spend efficiency and is there the opportunity to cut some trade. And I know the RGM, revenue growth management, term is a buzzword in a number of our peers’ results and commentary. I think we have great margins in our business. And if we can drive topline, which, as you know, in our industry is not the easiest thing to do right now, that would be our first choice with our trade funds. Let’s drive effective topline. There are places where we have the opportunity to trim it a little bit. I would say we're not seeing surprises. Barry spoke to the competitive nature of mainstream pet. But if you come out of – if you look at peanut butter, if you look at coffee, if you look at our baking business businesses, our oils business, those are traditionally trade spend businesses. I don’t think there are any surprises competitively across of fall bake merchandising or the merchandising into the third quarter. 
Barry Dunaway: [indiscernible]. Nothing to add other than what you and Steve have commented on. 
Christopher Growe: Okay, thank you. And I just had one quick follow-up for Mark Belgya. You mentioned inflation in some categories, is that the absence of – or if you will, deflation moving back more towards stabilization or is that actual inflation that maybe requires some pricing in the future?
Mark Belgya: It is the latter, Chris. We think – and again, I think everyone probably track the commodities particularly close. And we are and have been seeing a shift from sort of the low period we’ve had in the last couple of years. And several of our categories are moving, some more than others. And as you know, we – as category – pricing leaders in each of our category, we’ll take action. So, some of that has clearly been built into our back half topline assumption.
Christopher Growe: Okay, great. Thanks for the help there.
Mark Belgya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mario Contreras with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Mario Contreras: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Mario Contreras: So, I wanted to follow-up again on the launch of Nature's Recipe into the mass channel. Can you just remind us how big is Nature’s Recipe of your current pet business?
Barry Dunaway: Currently, it’s about $100 million brand.
Mario Contreras: Okay. And then have you – from your conversations with retailers, are you getting the sense that that's purely incremental space or is there any shift away from some of the mainstream brands to accommodate these new products?
Barry Dunaway: I think there will be some shift, but we believe it will be significantly incremental to the category.
Mario Contreras: Okay. And then just, I guess, one last one on the same topic. Is there any differentiation in terms of pricing, packaging size, labels versus what consumers might see in the pet specialty channel versus what they might see in the mass and grocery? Thanks.
Barry Dunaway: There may be some changes over time. But as we thought about this decision, it really was about speed to market. So, we are taking product packaging that currently exists in the specialty channel and that’s what will support our initial launch. As we continue to refine the line and packaging, you may see some changes. But the initial launch will be identical to what’s in the market.
Mark Smucker: And, Mario, this is Mark Smucker. Just on the sort of the pet business, both Nature’s Recipe and Natural Balance, if you take – just strategically take a step back, obviously, you guys all know that we got in the pet business – obviously, great category. It’s predominantly a branded category across multiple segments. Obviously, snacks. And this premium segment are very important. And so, if you think about similarly to other businesses that we’re in, our strategy is always to play in all of the segments if we can and then make sure that when we’re thinking about growth and incrementality, we really want to make sure we're focusing on those areas where we can achieve the most growth. So, obviously, snacks, we’ll continue to focus on. But if you think about premium pet, whether it is pet specialty which is a very important channel for us, as well as the mass channel, our goal is really to have a stronger presence in both. So, we, obviously, went into, we expanded our presence in with Natural Balance early on after we acquired the business, which was obviously a good thing, and we’re going to continue to support that brand with national advertising as well as just leveraging our scale in the mainstream channels. And, again, going back, just the fact that we really believe that this Nature’s Recipe because it’s an existing brand and because – even though it is a smaller brand in that, it is known as a premium – a more premium brand at an affordable price. And so, that's why we think it fits nicely in that channel. So just really is about strategy and making sure we’re in the growth segment.
Mario Contreras: That’s very helpful. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Your line is open. 
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone. 
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Okay. So, two quick questions. First of all, in the pet business, how worried are you that the treat sales seem to be falling fairly substantially in the mainstream measured channel? Is there something that’s offsetting that to make it up elsewhere?
Barry Dunaway: Alexia, this is Barry. I’m sorry. Could you just repeat the first part of that question?
Alexia Howard: The treats part – the pet treat part, that’s, obviously, high margin. It’s, historically, been a growth piece of the business. Seems to be falling in measured channels. 
Barry Dunaway: Yeah. That’s a fair point. One of the things that Mark commented is we have seen some of the shift as far as our sales this quarter where we have some promotion activity that shifted into the third quarter. The snack category is still growing. There has been a slight decline in that growth. Milk-Bone, though, is still growing. We have a 50% share of the biscuit category. We just took number one position with Pup-Peroni in the soft and chewy category. So, we still have some great momentum with our brands and some innovation in the pipeline that we think will recharge the growth of that category. So, overall, the brands are healthy. The category is growing and we still have a lot of upside in that segment of our business.
Alexia Howard: Great. And as a follow-up, can I ask about your appetite for acquisition? Has leverage now come down to a point where you can start to consider medium to large scale acquisitions again? What are your criteria that and how much incremental leverage would you be prepared to take on at this point if there was something out there that you really wanted? Thank you. I’ll pass it on.
Mark Belgya: Hi, Alexia. Mark Belgya. Great question. As we have consistently said probably for the better part of over a year now, the closer we get to a three time or underlevered, it opens up the door for some of the strategic things we can do. It’s not a hard and fast we need to get there. If there’s an opportunity that comes along, we’re comfortable of levering up. And maybe I’ll ask for Mark to comment in a moment, but just in terms of what we’re looking for and what’s out there, there are a number of assets. You can imagine that – I would call, more of the small to mid-sized bolt-on opportunities, a lot around sort of the trends, whether it’s convenience, good for you type products, clean label product, a lot in the natural space. And so, we have been looking and have not necessarily limited ourselves just because of where we are from a leverage position, particularly as it bolt-ons and we will continue to do that. In terms of where we would lever, we went over four times with the transaction of Big Heart, and what I would frame in is to say that, we were comfortable there. And the reason we were comfortable is the cash generation that came out of that transaction, both from the business itself and the synergy opportunities and the quickness of the paydown made it comfortable. So is that a hard and fast target? Maybe, maybe not. But, certainly, it’s proven that we were willing to go up there as long as there is a good sense of the cash generation out of that.
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Mark Smucker: Mark Smucker. Just to add that strategically acquisitions for us are clearly still part of our strategy. We deemphasize them with our long-term growth rates because we – as we talk to our investors and you folks, we wanted to make sure that we are focusing on the growth that we can deliver out of our existing business, but it certainly is still part of our strategy. We always say we keep our line in the water. And as things come up, whether they be large, iconic, leading brands or businesses like that, but also, as Mark mentioned, the more – the smaller, more on-trend things are clearly part of the strategy as well and getting that balance right is key.
Alexia Howard: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from our Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Thank you. I was just trying to go back to recent history. I think the last time you took an increase on pricing in coffee was fiscal 2015 and that led to a pretty substantial decline in profits for the division. So, my question is, do you think you’re in better shape this time once you have to start raising coffee prices to manage your portion of the profit pool and still grow profits or do you think there's a risk to that? The second question, I dug a little deeper into Meow Mix. I saw the declines in the retail sales. And I remember you said that the advertising campaign had actually started in August, like you were on air in August. Di you have to take that ad campaign off air and is that part of the reason why the sales on Meow Mix declined? Thanks.
Steven Oakland: Hi, Rob. Steve. I’ll start with the coffee price increase dialog and then, Barry, you can follow-up on the cat food.
Barry Dunaway: Sure.
Steven Oakland: Rob, I think there’s a couple of things we need to think about today versus then. Obviously, we took the coffee pricing down because we had coffee costs that could support that. Coffee costs were relatively low even compared to any kind of averages, right? So, it’d be reasonable to think that in that kind of environment, we would have been longer than normal, right? And so, as we’ve seen coffee costs go up, yes, they’re up, but they’re only up – if you about $1.70 Arabica, it’s not that much over the five or ten-year average, right? So, those are not high coffee costs, if you think about what we’ve seen in past years in the $2 and $2.52 type of thing. So, we don’t think Arabica is in anywhere near those kinds of price points. We’ve also learned a lot from that one instance where we took price up and we crossed two dead files. If you remember, we took two dead files. If you remember, we took two dead files on your key promoted sizes. And we would have coverage in places that would not cause us to have to do that. So, if there is pricing in coffee, we think it will be much more measured. And then the last thing I’d remind you of is the downsize we did in the container. And so, if you remember, in that timeframe, our competitor was promoting an 11% smaller container than we were. And now that our containers are similar – so I think there's a couple of dynamics that would suggest that coffee pricing that we would see today or project, certainly, through this fiscal year, but well into next year is not going to put us in the position that we were when it impacted our margins. [indiscernible].
Mark Smucker: Steve, the only other thing I would add – and then – I just kind of thought this, I’m not sure how material it is. But the other thing, if you look since that time, we had the addition of Dunkin’ K-cup. So, we had another couple hundred million dollars of sales that are in a category that’s not impacted as much by price change. 
Steven Oakland: Yeah.
Robert Moskow: Okay, and then the Meow Mix? 
Barry Dunaway: This is Barry. Happy to answer that for you as well. As far as Meow Mix is concerned, we have had not some of the most significant innovation against that brand this past year in the form of our bistro launch, with the strategy – how do we leverage our strength in dry across wet and treats. That launch where we had that product placed has gone very well. We have trial and repeat strong. And we have advertising in place supporting that brand and that launch. So, we’re not off air. We’re actually on air advertising. Sorry, if you haven’t seen that. But we are supporting that launch. And we’re starting to see some nice momentum behind our total Meow Mix brand as a result of that launch. And we’ll continue to fill distribution gaps with bistro based on its performance in market. So, we think that was the right decision across our total – what we’re calling our Meow Mix Total Solution across each segment in cat. So, innovation is performing well and we think that has strengthened our position across the cat food category.
Robert Moskow: Okay, I will see if I can find it in the Nielsen data. I did not see it come up. Thank you. 
Barry Dunaway: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: Good morning, guys. Thank you for the question.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Jason.
Jason English: I wanted to come back to the Nature's Recipe line of questioning. Are you planning for declines in pet specialty going forward across the portfolio?
Barry Dunaway: Yes, there will be some decline in pet specialty on that brand. So, I think we’ll probably some reduced SKUs and assortment in pet specialty. So, yeah, there will be some decline in that channel. But what it allows us to do is focus on Natural Balance. We said that’s our flagship brand. And what it does allow is our team to really focus and get behind that brand because that will be the main driver of growth in that channel.
Jason English: This is a long time ago, but I think P&G did something similar 15, 20 years ago, somewhere in that time frame. And it impacted their whole portfolio in terms of retailer backlash. I'm sure you guys have studied that case study. It sounds like from a planning perspective, you are not really viewing that as the appropriate precedent since you are expecting the rest of your portfolio to do better. So, can you help us understand maybe why that isn't the appropriate precedent? 
Barry Dunaway: Yeah. We’re certainly aware of what took place. But I think as I stated earlier, I think there is no question that the consumer demand for this type of product in the mass and grocery channels it there. And our retailers have confirmed that with us. So, we’ve given this a lot of – Jason, just based on precedent and understanding channel impact, but we’re confident based on the launch both in specialty and in mass and grocery that this was the right decision. And the marketing investments we’re going to put behind this brand to make sure that it turns and it’s successful with the consumer as well.
Mark Smucker: Jason, it’s Mark Smucker. I would add that they are – we’re in different times. As Barry said, I think the demand in the mass premium segment is strong. But I actually think a lot of the credit goes to our team and our sales team and Barry’s team as you think about how good our relationships are with our customers. They go all the way up to the very top of the organization and that really does make a difference. And even just thinking about what we’re bringing to the table in the pet specialty channel and we’re able to support the Natural Balance brand as well, and so bringing those additional – that additional support to the table helps with that relationship as well and helps offset some of what might be a – maybe a reduced SKU count.
Jason English: Okay, got it. Thanks, guys. I will pass it on.
Barry Dunaway: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
John Baumgartner: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. Barry, I wanted to come back to your comments on mainstream pet. So, I can appreciate the magnitude of volume declines have moderated, but the depth of decline, it’s still pretty meaningful even after you went and reduced prices. So, can you speak to what comes next? What really gets you back to flat volumes in that mainstream price point and ideally back to growth? Is it something of a hybrid approach where you can go and renovate around ingredients but at more of a mass price point? Would you accept margin pressure to do that? Just how much heavy lifting really remains in that price point? Thank you.
Barry Dunaway: Sure, John. It’s Barry. Let me add some color to that. Of course, we have recently even expanded distribution on the bonus bag. So, we’ve continued to make sure we get that distribution more broadly across the channel. And then, as we think about support behind the brand, we have to bring some news to the Kibbles 'n Bits brand, go back to the taste equity – there’s a consumer segment that is looking for taste not at the expense of quality or a helpful product for their dog. So, as we’re thinking about that brand, how do we get back to the taste equity offer at a price that makes sense and then have some meaningful marketing support behind the brand to drive the growth of the Kibbles 'n Bits brand. So, that is our plan. And we’re confident that we’re seeing enough stabilization with that marketing investments. We’ll get that brand back to slow growth.
John Baumgartner: Great. Thanks, Barry. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam: Hi, good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam: My first question is on Folgers. The volumes on that core business were down 10% in the quarter. Is there something to do with timing? Will that turn around next quarter?
Mark Belgya: I think if you look at it, its dollars down 10%. Volume was down 5%. And if you look at that, most of that volume – again, this is a deep dive into IRI or Nielsen, but virtually all of that was in our opening price point SKUs, what we call, customers – those are items that we promote when coffee prices are very high. When coffee prices are low, they tend to struggle because there’s very little gap between the two. So, I think we can provide that detail. But, no, our – our classic roast item is actually up 2% in volume if you go through the numbers.
Mark Smucker: Yeah, Farha. It’s Mark Smucker. Remember, when you see commodity costs, coffee costs as low as they have been and you get price compression in the category, our opening price point SKUs don't do as well because people trade up to classic roast and that’s what we’ve seen.
Farha Aslam: And that's good for you if people trade up to classic roast? 
Mark Smucker: Yes, yes. When you see coffee prices as low as they’ve been, people will trade up to classic roast. When we see excessively high commodity costs, elasticity will drive people down to the opening price point SKUs.
Mark Belgya: Yeah. You’ll recall – Farha, this is Mark. You’ll recall a couple of years ago – actually, a couple of times over the last three or four years, when we talked about sort of the $10 price point, this is a good case where that obviously comes down and narrows that price gap between opening price points in our classic line.
Mark Smucker: Yeah. And the price point – our promoted price point on 30.9-ounce canister has been in the $6.99 realm. So, we’re well below those thresholds.
Farha Aslam: And then, for Barry, if you think about Natural Balance and Natural Recipe, what kind of growth can we expect on those two brands in 2017? And then if we think longer-term 2018 and beyond, how should we think about the growth of those two brands?
Barry Dunaway: We’re actually not putting out specific numbers on Nature’s Recipe. We’re just in the stage of launching that brand. What I would share with you is we would expect to have shelf space similar to our competitors in the mass and grocery channels. So just would frame it in in terms of shelf space based on our initial distribution. As far as Natural Balance growth, the balance of this year – for this fiscal year, remember, we’re lapping last year's incremental distribution within the major retailer in that channel. I would say year-over-year if you take that out, we would expect to see growth of low single digits.
Farha Aslam: And then like long term if that’s the growth rate we can expect?
Barry Dunaway: The next year, I think again with the focus of our team on Natural Balance in the specialty channel, I think we’ll see growth accelerate and we’re also seeing some fantastic growth within e-commerce. We’re seeing double-digit growth in that channel and a significant amount of the Natural Balance brand is similar to what we’ve seen with other brands in pet specialty is that that shift into e-commerce, we’re experiencing the same thing. That’s what we’re experiencing and seeing double-digit growth and would expect that to continue in that channel.
Farha Aslam: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pablo Zuanic with SIG. Your line is open.
Aatish Shah: Hi. Good morning. This is Aatish Shah in for Pablo. Just two quick questions. One regarding pet food, again, I want to see if you can break down sales growth for the mass grocery versus specialty? It seemed like there might be a similar decline in both. And then two, regarding coffee, is it fair to say that K-Cup sales growth were flat for the quarter with Folgers offsetting Dunkin' growth? 
Mark Smucker: Barry, you want to start?
Steven Oakland: On the question on the growth rates – was it specialty channel and for mass? Just clarify that.
Aatish Shah: Yes, just mass and grocery versus the specialty growth for pet food specifically.
Steven Oakland: So, I guess, what I would say is we haven't really changed much from what we’ve said previously. Mass right now – it’s always been sort of a flat to just modestly above. We clearly have been running below that. But that’s kind of where we see that category. It’s a little preliminary quite candidly to give you a really good number on the traditional growth rate in mass channel, just because we need to sort of see the effect of Nature’s Recipe. I think Barry’s comment about what we expect from the distribution capability of that Nature’s Recipe and there’s enough out there that you can do some comparables to see kind of where the expectation is there. And then specialty, I know we commented previously that channel has slowed some. I think the other competitors have noted similarities. But Barry’s point, albeit somewhat still small, but growing. The e-commerce cannot be taken lightly. And we still think there's a lot of opportunity in that channel. I think the other thing I’d reinforce in the specialty area, for us, in particular, is there’s still profitability opportunity. And we’ve seen that start to turn. We’ve talked about that. That was certainly an under-indexed category for us and directly related to our segment profit. We’re seeing turns on that. So, we still feel good about those channels. And again, I think with e-commerce and Natural Balance focus, we’ll see good growth.
Mark Belgya: Let me comment on K-Cups. I think it depends on if you’re looking at dollars or units because I’m sure we’ve guided that there has been price compression in mainstream K-Cups or across all of K-Cups. I think you’ve heard that talked about in our peers or competitors’ releases. And so, our K-Cups in actual units and equivalent volume are up both in Folgers, in Dunkin’ and up dramatically and quite frankly we sell all those small business. That volume gain translates into dollars gains in Bustelo and in Dunkin’. The dollars are down a little bit in Folgers only because of the pricing that we’ve taken to support that. But the total K-Cup business is up nicely. So, we feel really good to the fact that our legacy K-Cup business grew in units, our Dunkin’ business is up dramatically and our Bustelo business frankly is on fire. So, those segments, all three, are what are helping drive the mix on our coffee business.
Aatish Shah: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I just want to follow up quickly not specific to K-Cups, but related. So, it's a coffee question. So, you mentioned when coffee prices are low, your opening price points and sort of lower-priced items struggle a bit and the premium items do better. Can you give us a rough estimate of the overall portfolio, like how much you'd consider OPP, how much mainstream versus premium? And as prices go up next year, I'm guessing that this phenomenon is going to reverse. So, net-net, I think it's better for your company to have lower coffee costs. So just help me understand that dynamic. I'm just trying to think about next year, with prices going up, it looks like the environment to produce growth is a little bit worse than it was this year.
Steven Oakland: Akshay, let me attempt to do that. Our OPP business is relatively small in the mix. And it’s concentrated in the retailers you would expect to be concentrated in. It’s a big business at value retailers, right, whether that be the dollar channel, mass retail channel, the club channel. So, those SKUs exist in those environments where the consumer goes for value. When you're promoting our 30.9-ounce canister, it’s $6.99. A small difference in the everyday price of OPP is not that exciting to the consumer. So, yes, that will be a back stop for those consumers as coffee pricing moves up. But moving coffee price from, say, $6.99 to $7.99 doesn’t scare me there. I think Mark mentioned this in his opening – when OPP becomes very attractive is when you get to those $9.99, $10.99 price points. We have seen that in history, remember, we downsized the canister. So, I think we’re insulated from some of that. So, I don't want us to think that $1.70 Arabica takes us into any price point that we should all be afraid of, right? We, obviously, still think this is relatively moderately priced Arabica. So, I think we’re some way away from us having a discussion where we would be concerned about the absolute price points having some kind of dramatic effect and swinging our volume within our mix.
Mark Belgya: Akshay, it’s Mark Belgya. I guess, as I think back what we talked about over the years in terms of breakdown, broad-brush, I’d say about two-thirds of our total U.S. Retail Coffee sales will be considered mainstream. So, that would include everything we’ve talked about, complements, classic, OPP and then the other two – third obviously would fall between K-Cups and premium.
Akshay Jagdale: That's helpful. And just one quick follow-up on synergies. So, this quarter it seems like the synergy capture was certainly – it was better than we expected. Was it better than what you had expected? And I don't think you changed your synergy guidance for the year. So, can you help me bridge the two? Thanks. 
Mark Belgya: Yeah. Again, it’s Mark. Our performance on synergies did exceed our expectations for Q2. And you’re right, we haven’t adjusted – I think we would like to get a little bit more time, but there's no indication that we will not continue down our synergy path. I think one way to think about our synergy number is, we’re talking about $100 million incremental through this year and $140 million capture through the end of this fiscal. But with programs in place, I would say that we’re probably on a run rate right now to $180 million to $185 million. So, said differently, we’ve got about $15 million to $20 million to tie down here in the next several months and we’ll have that $200 million locked in as we head into fiscal ’18. So, we’re in really good shape. The other comment, Akshay, I would say about synergies is, on the SD&A, one of the things – we talked marketing. I know there's probably some discussion about the marketing shift being a major contributor to the earnings, but we did deliver pretty significant reductions in our, what I would call, administrative costs. So, that’s a combination of synergy recognition, some of the additional synergies we’re following there, and some are quite candidly just very strong cost management across the organization. So, some of the dollars are just incremental program that people put in place above and beyond the $200 million synergy target.
Akshay Jagdale: Thank you. I will pass it on. 
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Grainger: Great. Hi, everyone. Thanks for the question.
Mark Smucker: Good morning.
Matthew Grainger: I just had two. One, coming back to pet, I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit more on the strategy within e-commerce because you've pointed out a number of times that it's growing well off a small base and that it's important. I don't have a strong sense yet for what you are doing to build out that channel more aggressively and ensure that you don't end up in an under-indexed position 12, 18 months from now.
Mark Smucker: Matthew, this is Mark Smucker. I’ll start. And if Barry has anything to add, he’ll certainly chime in. So, first of all, as you know, our industry is, generally speaking, underdeveloped in e-commerce channel and, obviously, the focus for all of us. Where I think – we clearly have an e-commerce business. We are serving the e-commerce channels and the different customers there. We do have plans to continue to strengthen our e-commerce organization as well as meet the needs of – the unique needs of each of our e-commerce customers. And it is a journey. But it is something that is one of our key priorities. As it relates to the pets specifically, one of the reasons why those products are uniquely qualified to grow in that channel is because typically they are a recurring purchase and they are very heavy. And so, it's helpful to the consumer. It actually has -- many folks have that step-delivered to their front doorstep, and so really it is the nature of the business that is helping to drive growth there.
Barry Dunaway: That’s great, Mark. And what I would also add from a pet perspective is we deal directly with the major commerce retailers. And so, that is really attributed to a lot of our growth. So, that direct relationship is how we build our business together.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, understood. Thanks, both. And then just last question, the price increase you mentioned in fruit spreads, if you could just talk about the competitive dynamic at the moment. It seemed fairly rational recently, just whether there's any sensitivity right now to the risk of widening price gaps with your key competitor there and whether you would have any news or innovation plan that would help support the pricing that you have announced?
Mark Belgya: No. I think we’ve built so much credibility with the retailer – and they understand that we wouldn’t take that pricing if it wasn’t ingredient based and commodity based. So, you see it reflected on the shelf. It went into effect at the end of last quarter and we see it at all major retailers in place. And the initial look and volume is very encouraging. So, that’s a relatively small category for us, but important. And I think the dynamics that we face, I would imagine the industry faces. So, I would expect that both the private label and our competitors to be in the same situation.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, great. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a question from the line of Jon Andersen - William Blair. Your line is open.
Jon Andersen: Thanks so much for squeezing me in here. So, at the top of the call, there was some discussion around new capabilities. We've, obviously, talked a lot about innovation here, e-commerce. One of the items that was discussed was revenue management. And I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about what that encompasses, what your kind of plans and expectations around that revenue management initiative are, so that we can start thinking about maybe benefits of that effort and the timing of those benefits? Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Jon, it’s Mark Smucker. I’ll start and maybe Steve if he has anything to add. But, first of all, a of things. As it relates to – everybody thinks about revenue management a lot of time as trade. As we all know, it is the combination of trade, pricing, all of those, and the strategies behind them that encompass revenue growth management. And so, as it relates to our trade practices, we are pretty good at doing that. We have had a very good track record with our customers at providing the right programs and efficiencies there. I think what you’ll see changing over time – and this is a Smucker comment and probably an industry comment as well – is, as Steve mentioned earlier, the need to get more dialed in and precise, and so as we think about being more strategic as it relates to the total revenue growth management, our goal over time, through the development of skills, potentially new systems, better analytics, more centralized data, those types of things, over time, should provide us with the capability to become more strategic in revenue management and more focused as we think about how we deploy pricing and trade across our respective customer base.
Steven Oakland: Yeah. The only thing I would add is maybe an example on the fruit spreads price increased that we discussed today. If you think the fruit spread category, it includes a number of segments and number of sizes in a number of different retail environments, right. It’s in everything from the EDLP to the high or low retailer. We’ve got a 10-ounce small specialty jar and a 32-ounce promoted grape jelly. So, in order to understand each one of those slopes, in order to better understand, it’s a pennies business, right? So, if we can get a couple of pennies right on each one of those slopes. If our slope between 18 ounce and 32 ounce is right on, what’s going to drive the most volume at the best price point. We make some headway on that. I think the technology is there today and I think us as well as many of our peers have invested in human capital to leverage that technology, to get some of those details right. So, we’re hoping to scrap a couple of margin points out of it across different businesses over time. And that money will be invested in our business or brought back to the bottom line. We’ll make those decisions depending on the category, the size, the magnitude et cetera.
Jon Andersen: Thanks, really helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. I’ll now turn the call back to management to conclude.
Mark Smucker: Well, again, this is Mark Smucker. Just wanted to thank all of you for taking the time this morning to join the call. And again, thank you very much for your interest in our company. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 855-859-2056 or 404-537-3406, with a passcode of 97711320. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating. And have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-08-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Broholm - Vice President, Investor Relations Mark Smucker - President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Belgya - Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer Steven Oakland - Vice Chair and President, U.S. Food and Beverage Barry Dunaway - President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks
Analysts: Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital David Driscoll - Citigroup Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies & Co. Aatish Shah - SIG
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company’s Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers after the presentation. Please limit yourself to two initial questions during the question-and-answer session and re-queue if you then have additional questions. I will now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our first quarter earnings conference call. With me today and presenting our prepared comments are Mark Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Belgya, Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call are Steve Oakland, Vice Chair and President, U.S. Food and Beverage; and Barry Dunaway, President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning’s press release, which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally as detailed in the press release. We have also posted to our website a supplementary slide deck summarizing first quarter results, which can be accessed through the link to the webcast of this call. These slides and a replay of this call will be archived on our website. On July 25, we issued a Form 8-K, regarding our new definition of segment profit and non-GAAP operating income, income and earnings per share all of which now exclude intangible amortization expense. Modified prior year results that reflect this new definition were included in the Form 8-K. Please note, we now refer to our non-GAAP profit measures as adjusted gross profit operating income, income and earnings per share. If you have any questions after today’s call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Mark Smucker.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This is truly an exciting time at Smucker. As we look to continue the momentum from an historic fiscal 2016, we are pleased to have delivered a strong first quarter earnings performance. These results reflect our team’s ability to execute and deliver our 2017 financial plan, while building for the future. This balance is critical since delivering the core business and achieving our targets for synergies, cost savings and working capital supports our development of new capabilities and the continued growth of key brands and on trend platforms. Ultimately, this will allow us to meet our long-term objectives for top and bottom line growth and deliver against our consumer-centric corporate vision, as we look to further engage, delight, and inspire our consumers. With that background, let me provide a brief overview of first quarter results. Excluding the impact of divestitures and foreign exchange, net sales decreased 5% compared to 2016. This decline was largely planned due to a cumulative 12% list price decrease for coffee across most of the quarter and lapping the prior-year roll out of Dunkin’ Donuts K-Cups. Lower Pet Foods sale also contributed. Adjusted operating income was up 2% as the lower net sales were more than offset by a decrease in commodity costs and incremental synergies. Aided by a more normalized tax rate as compared to the previous year and a decrease in shares, adjusted earnings per share grew 16% to $1.86. Free cash flow was $189 million, a portion of which was used during the quarter to further reduce our net borrowed position. In addition, last month, we announced a 12% increase in our quarterly dividend rate. While net sales fell slightly short of our projection for the quarter, earnings per share exceeded our expectations. This was mostly attributable to higher than anticipated segment profit for coffee and lower than anticipated spending in a number of areas. As a portion of the over delivery is expected to be timing related, including projected year-over-year increases in marketing spend shifting to the remaining three quarters, we remain on track to achieve our previously stated full-year guidance for adjusted earnings per share. That said, we expect softness in Pet Food sales to continue in the near-term, leading us to adjust our full-year sales guidance as Mark will discuss in a moment. Let me now provide additional comments on our U.S. retail businesses. We were pleased with the start of the fiscal year for our coffee business. Profitability was in line with the strong first quarter of 2016, despite the anticipated top line impact of price declines and lapping the prior-year launch of Dunkin’ Donuts K-Cups. Volume gains for Folgers roast and ground coffee continued in the first quarter, reflecting consumer response to lower price points. Tonnage for our mainstream brands was up 3%, while units shipped were up even more, given the prior-year canister downsize was not fully lapped until late in the quarter. Folgers K-Cup volume trends improved in the quarter, responding favorably to planned price investments. In addition, we are currently rolling out new K-Cup packaging that leverages the iconic Folgers Red Can brand equity, providing additional support for the product line. For the Dunkin’ Donuts brand, we are pleased with the continued consumption growth for our K-Cup offerings, with over $230 million in retail sales for the latest 52-week scan period. While shipments were down significantly in the first quarter, as expected due to the prior year sell in, we project volume growth for the remaining nine months, including contributions from new varieties. In addition, volume for Dunkin’ bagged coffee was up 4% in the first quarter, and we expect positive trends to continue as lower prices supported by favorable input costs have improved the competitive positioning of the brand. Turning to Consumer Foods, first quarter net sales were consistent with our expectations. Across many of our key brands and categories, volume was in line or in several cases up compared to the prior year. In addition, our brands maintained or grew, both volume and dollar share in the latest 12-week scan period for most of the food categories in which we participate. For the first time in five years, volume for Smucker’s Uncrustables frozen sandwiches experienced a quarterly decline. However, this was related to timing of customer shipments that have already rebounded in August. Overall consumption trends remain strong and we continue to expect double-digit growth for the full-year. In addition, Uncrustables remain a key growth driver for our food service business, where volume for the brand was up 40% during the first quarter. For the Pet Foods segment, first quarter sales performance was below our projection. We have revised our full-year outlook, as we expect this softness to continue in the near-term. Our teams are focused on the key factors impacting current performance and are already executing on opportunities to provide future growth. Specifically, improving the performance of our mainstream dog and cat brands remains a key area of focus. We have introduced bonus bags for Kibbles ‘n Bits supported by lower input costs, which entered the market in late June. We expect this will help moderate declines for the brand. We also have plans to introduce new packaging later this fiscal year and enhanced brand support consistent with its heritage around taste and fun to further improve the competitive positioning of Kibbles ‘n Bits. In the cat segment, we remain encouraged by the strong equity of the Meow Mix brand. With recent innovation, a new television advertising campaign that began this month and upcoming pricing support, we are confident in our ability to reverse recent softness in this business. In addition to these areas, we continue to progress on whitespace opportunities in mainstream pet food, driven by consumer preference for additional protein and natural ingredient options. Looking at the rest of the Pet Food business, sales for Pet Snacks were up 2% in the quarter, on top of a 9% increase in the prior year and were a key driver of overall category growth. Our category leadership in Pet Snacks and innovation, particularly for the Milk-Bone and Meow Mix brands continues to be an important component of results. Within premium Pet Food, sales for the Natural Balance brand were down, as we lapped the pipeline sale associated with distribution gains in last year’s first quarter. While consumer takeaway for the brand remains strong, we are tempering our near-term growth expectations for our premium brands, given the recent softness in the overall pet superstore channel. Lastly, as it relates to our Pet Food business and broader organization, let me provide a brief update on our synergy and cost savings activities, which remain on track. In the first quarter, we realized $32 million incremental synergies, approximately 25% of which benefited gross profit with the rest related to SG&A savings. We continue to anticipate $100 million of incremental synergies for the full fiscal year, which would bring our total to nearly $140 million of the $200 million targeted by the end of fiscal 2018. In addition, we continue to target $50 million of annual cost savings to be fully realized over the next few years related to our organizational redesign program and the previously announced plant closures. As we have indicated, we expect to initially invest much of these incremental savings in several identified areas to support top and bottom line growth. In closing, I would like to thank our employees for their continued efforts towards delivering the core business, building on our product innovation activities, and marketing support, expanding our capabilities to enhance future growth and achieving our synergy and cost savings goals. This strong execution continues to position the company well for 2017 and beyond. I will now turn the call over to Mark Belgya.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I will begin by providing additional color on our first quarter results and then conclude with our outlook for the full-year. Net sales decreased by $136 million, or 7% in the quarter. The prior year divestiture of the canned milk business detracted 2 percentage points, while lower net price realization, which was mostly attributable to coffee had a 4 point impact. Volume and mix combined to subtract 1 percentage point, reflecting declines in Pet Food. The impact of foreign exchange was immaterial to consolidated results. GAAP earnings per share were $1.46 this quarter, 28% above the prior year. Including GAAP earnings were $8 million of unallocated derivative gains compared to a loss of $10 million last year. In addition, GAAP earnings for both the current and prior years included $26 million of special project cost, related to merger and integration and restructuring activities, along with just over $50 million of amortization expense related to intangible assets. Excluding all of these items, adjusted EPS was $1.86 for an increase of 16%. Adjusted gross profit declined at a slower rate than sales resulting in a 160 basis point improvement in gross margin at 39.6%, representing the highest quarterly gross margin percentage since 2011. Year-over-year gross margin expansion was realized by all of our reportable segments, most notably for coffee. Overall commodity costs were lower in the quarter, driven by green coffee and mostly offset the lower net pricing. In addition, $8 million of the incremental synergies in the first quarter contributed to gross margin growth. For the full-year, we now anticipate gross margin to be approximately 50 basis points higher than our previous guidance of 39%. SG&A decreased $32 million in the first quarter, or 8% compared to 2016, mostly attributable to synergies. Lower royalties associated with the Dunkin’ Donuts business also contributed to reduce selling costs. Excluding the benefits of synergy, marketing spend was in line with the prior year, but 13% lower than forecasted for the quarter. Factoring all of this in, adjusted operating income was up $8 million, or 2% compared to the prior year with operating margin increasing 180 basis points to 20%. Below the line, lower income tax expense and a decrease in number of shares outstanding were key drivers of the earnings per share growth. As a reminder, the effective tax rate for the prior year first quarter was unusually high due to deferred state tax adjustments. In addition, the current year first quarter rate was slightly lower than anticipated. As a result, we now expect the full-year rate to approximate 33.5% compared to our previous guidance of 34%. Let me provide a brief overview of segment results, beginning with coffee. First quarter net sales decreased 9% due to lower net price realization, as the net impact of volume and mix was neutral in the quarter. Lower pricing reflected the full quarter impact of the 6% price decline taken in July 2015, along with the additional 6% decrease taken in mid-May of this year. Incremental price support of Folgers K-Cup and Dunkin’ Donuts bagged coffee also contributed. Net sales for the Folgers brand declined 8%, as the lower net price realization was partially offset by mainstream roast and ground volume growth. For the Dunkin’ Donuts brand, sales were down 14%, reflecting both lower pricing and the impact of lapping the prior year launch of Dunkin’ K-Cups. Lastly, Cafe Bustelo sales were up 5% and double-digit growth in volume mix more than offset the lower net pricing. Segment profit was flat with the prior year, but exceeded expectations. Segment margin increased 310 basis points to 33.9%. The net impact of lower pricing as compared to the recognition of lower cost was unfavorable to segment profit in the quarter, however, to a lesser degree than originally anticipated due to timing. The price to cost impact was mostly offset by profit contributions from favorable volume mix. An increase in marketing spend was offset by lower royalty expense associated with the Dunkin’ Donuts brand. Turning to Consumer Foods, net sales were down 2%, excluding the impact of the canned milk divesture. The decline reflected lower net price realization, which was impacted by the timing of certain trade program expenses compared to prior year. Volume mix was flat with the prior year. Looking at key brand, sales for Jif and Smucker’s were down, generally in line with the overall segment. In the baked isle, sales for both the Crisco and Pillsbury brands decreased 5%, as lower net pricing was partially offset by volume gain. Lastly, Sahale Snacks brands achieved strong double-digit sales growth in the quarter benefiting from distribution gains. Segment profit declined 7% mostly attributable to lapping $6 million of prior year earnings related to the divested milk business.. In addition, favorable input costs did not fully offset lower net price realization. Net sales for our Pet Foods segment decreased 6%, reflecting unfavorable volume mix. The lower sales were mostly driven by double-digit declines for our Natural Balance in Kibbles ‘n Bits brands, mid single-digit declines from Meow Mix and 9Lives cat food also contributed. Sales for our pet snacks portfolio were up low single-digits with gains across all our key snacking brands, including Milk-Bone, Pup-Peroni, Milo’s Kitchen and Canine Carry Outs. Segment profit increased 5%, as the impact of unfavorable volume mix was offset by incremental synergy realization and lower input cost. In addition, marketing spend was down double-digits in the first quarter. A significant portion of the market impact is timing related due to a shift of certain key marketing activities into the second quarter. We now anticipate full-year Pet Food segment profits to be up low single-digits, which is less than previously projected. Net sales for international and food service decreased 3% in the quarter. However, excluding the impact of the canned milk divestiture and FX, net sales were in line with the prior year. Segment profit was up 9%, reflecting the net benefit of lower coffee cost and pricing along with favorable volume mix. Partially offsetting these factors with lapping $2 million of prior year profit related to the divested milk business and unfavorable impact of foreign exchange in Canada. Turning to cash flow, cash provided by operations was $239 million for the quarter. This compares to $307 million in the prior year, which included a $50 million benefit related to the timing of tax payments and refunds. Factoring in capital expenditures of $50 million in the current year, free cash flow was $189 million in the quarter. We continue to project full-year free cash flow of $1 billion assuming CapEx of $240 million. We paid down an additional $100 million on our term loan in May, ended the quarter with total debt of $5.35 billion. Based on trailing 12-month EBITDA of $1.6 billion, leverage currently stands at just over 3.3 times. Let me now conclude with an update on our full-year sales and earnings outlook. Excluding the 2 percentage point impact of the divested milk business, we now expect net sales to be in the range of flat to down 1% compared to the prior year. The reduction from our previous guidance of plus 1% is primarily attributable to lower expectations for our Pet Foods segment at projections for the remaining businesses remained relatively unchanged. With input costs lower than originally expected in our Consumer Foods segment, along with a lower effective tax rate, we expect to offset the margin impact of the net sales shortfall. As a result, we continue to project adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $7.60 to $7.75 with a bias towards the middle to high-end of the range. Reflecting the timing impact, which benefited first quarter results, most notably the shift and timing of marketing spend for Pet Foods segments, we now project our second quarter EPS will be comparable to the prior year. In closing, we anticipate the challenges to revenue growth in certain categories will persist in the near-term, as reflected in our revived sales guidance. However, our long-term expectations remain intact. As Mark indicated, we’re executing on plans and initiatives to improve top line trends, while investing in our capabilities to enhance future growth. At the same time, we’re pleased with the earnings and cash flow performance of the company. Overall, we remain confident in achieving solid earnings growth this fiscal year and beyond. We thank you for your time, and we will now open the call up to your questions. Operator, if you would please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Ken Goldman at JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Mark Smucker: Hey, Ken.
Mark Belgya: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Goldman: I have a question for Steven and then one for Barry, if I can, even maybe this is more for Mark Belgya also. But I got the sense last quarter you had priced some higher beans into your outlook, but prices for beans have risen since then. So I kind of wanted to get a sense of how much, if at all, those costs have risen above your expectation? And I guess, maybe the more direct question is, do you see any risk to guidance if beans futures really stay where they are right now, or do they have to kind of revert a little bit to get you more comfortable in that range?
Steven Oakland: Hi, Ken, it’s Steven Oakland. I think if we look at where we are today and where we were then, we would – we wouldn’t change our thoughts on the near-term. Our coverage allow us – we felt very comfortable with the pricing changes that we made, given the coverage that we have. Mark and Mark talked a lot about the pricing laps and the effect on net sales in coffee for the first quarter. But as we get into the key selling season, I think, we’ve got the sharpest price points we’ve had in quite a while. So the merchandising is strong. The price points are good, and obviously the coverage supports that or we wouldn’t have done those things. So if we had to look at pricing changes, if that happened it would be much later in the year. And frankly, I think, we have a bias that over the next few months, we’re going to get a good look at what coffee is going to end up at. I think there’s a lot of coffee in the farmer’s field in Brazil. And typically, the next few months will let us know where that’s going to settle out. So we’re in good shape until then. And given the fact that we’ve gone down twice over the last 12 months, I think, we’ve got room if we had to absorb some of that even if we had to do pricing.
Ken Goldman: Okay, that is helpful. And then my next question for Barry or Mark Smucker, I realize turning around dry dog food is not easy and you guys cautioned us at CAGNY it would take some time. But it does seem some of the challenges here are maybe a little bit bigger than expected. You did talk about some tactics, bonus bags, new packaging. But frankly just might opinion, they seem a little more like Band-Aids than real sustainable fixes to the product and its positioning. So I’m just curious, in the face of these tough trends, what gives you the confidence that the issues are still only temporary? Is the strategy around dry dog still the right one, or do you have to make more dramatic changes if things don’t get fixed in the next couple quarters?
Barry Dunaway: Good morning, Ken. This is Barry. And, Mark, you can add additional comments to this. As you know, the Kibbles ‘n Bits brand, its struggle is not just recent, that brand has been struggling over the past year or so. As we stepped into the business with a new team, we felt fundamentals had to be right, especially around pricing. So, we felt that was the first thing we needed to do to fix the price on shelf. What we’re seeing with the bonus bags is, it is decelerating the losses that we’re seeing previously. So, we do think it’s working. That was fundamental to fixing the business. We still think the brand is relevant. We’ve shared our marketing plans with our key retail partners. And they also believe the brand still has a relevance in that segment of dry dog food. They support our plans behind the brand and are willing to continue to work with us in that segment. So we’re not going to turn it around in a quarter or two, but we still think the Kibbles ‘n Bits brand has relevance to the consumer in that segment. And then, the mass premium segment, which as you know, we do not have a place in that segment currently. We continue to evaluate acquisitions licensing or launching one of our existing brands in that segment. That is front-end center for our team, and we will continue to focus on a solution for that segment based on what’s right long-term for us to participate in that category. So we’re still committed to the brand. We think it has a place. And we think just getting the fundamentals are just foundational.
Mark Smucker: I think, this is Mark Smucker, Ken. I think, Barry said it. I mean, at the end of the day, it’s really about blocking and tackling, getting the fundamentals right as Barry said and making sure that we have the right plans over the next few quarters to address the mass premium segment. And I feel better certainly now with Barry’s support and his leadership it will get there in the relatively near future.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Mark Smucker: Hi, good morning.
Mark Belgya: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Yes, two quick things, one quick one first. With the earnings guidance for fiscal 2Q, I just want to make sure I’m using the correct base from last year’s 2Q from what you expect, I think, earnings to be comparable, because I didn’t know if you were using before amortization – before excluding amortization or not?
Mark Belgya: Andrew, this is Mark Belgya. It would be the restated number if you will that would have been in the 8-K that we issued last month.
Andrew Lazar: Got it.
Mark Belgya: I think $1.91, if I recall.
Andrew Lazar: Perfect, that’s helpful. Thank you. And then I guess a little bit broader, I think, in terms of the – some of the Natural Balance commentary, you had mentioned the pet superstore channel having slowed a bit. And that was I think the reason you pointed to maybe thinking growth there would be a little bit less robust, at least, in the near to intermediate-term on that brand, and we have seen some of that in the data to be sure. But I guess, the – maybe the depth of the decline in the quarter itself, I know some of that was the year-over-year lap. But I guess I’m just trying to get a sense of whether it was – do you think it’s purely just the superstore channel that’s impacting your outlook, or perhaps maybe you can comment on where you are around sort of shelf space and whether you’ve held on to share, and I guess share of shelf, given all the space that you were able to commandeer over the last year with a lot of the launches into PetSmart and Tractor Supply, things like that. Just trying to get a sense of where I guess how the shelf productivity is and how that repeat purchase has been in some of these channels where you’ve stepped up your presence?
Barry Dunaway: Hi, Andrew, it’s Barry.
Andrew Lazar: Hi, there.
Barry Dunaway: Let me just add some commentary on Natural Balance. I would say overall, we are – we pulled back our expectations similar to our competitors, where we’ve just seen slowing in the pet specialty channel. Relative to the health of the Natural Balance brand for our shelf space and performance, we’re still encouraged by it. We think, where we expect it to be. We have not lost any shelf space. Both of the – our key retailers in the pet specialty channel are supporting the brand and working with us, taking incremental skews. Actually – we’ve actually added some additional items that we recently presented to those retailers. So overall, we’re still pleased with the performance of their brand based on the expanded distribution last year. But I think that channel is just seeing some overall slowdown in traffic.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks for your help.
Barry Dunaway: Just one other comment I would add is….
Andrew Lazar: Sure.
Barry Dunaway: …around that brand is, we are seeing some nice growth in e-commerce. And that that channel is growing double-digits – high double-digit small base. But we’re really seeing some nice growth with that brand in that specific channel, and we’ll continue to look how we can further accelerate that growth as well.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from David Driscoll of Citi. Please state your question.
David Driscoll: Great. Hi, good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, David.
Mark Belgya: Good morning.
David Driscoll: Wanted to ask a question about the synergies. So can you, it’s a $100 million for the year, $32 million in the quarter. Can you just explain a little bit here why you annualize that number, obviously, I get to well more than $100 million? Is there upside potential for the synergies on the year? And kind of maybe why not if given the performance in the quarter?
Mark Belgya: This is Mark Belgya. We put out $100 million and that will bring us up to about $140 million in total. There’s some upside, somewhat, which is the timing, we had a lot of activities tiding around the end of the fiscal year. So some of that came through. But we would expect that to continue to pace through. And again, we feel pretty confident or very confident on the $200 million by the end of next year. It might pick up a little bit in the pace during the year. We’ll have a little bit more color on that as we move through the next quarter probably. But we’re very pleased, I think, if I recall, at the end of fourth quarter, I think we were $50 million or $60 million recognized and picked up $32 million. So nice jump and we will see if we can keep that pace going.
David Driscoll: I wanted to add one more on this Pet Food topic. Barry, I’d really like to understand kind of, you knew many of the problems that were going on a few months ago when you gave the original forecast. To see the sales reduction guidance again, I mean, we’ve kind of been hit with multiple revisions to your all’s guidance on Pet Food, and it seems to keep happening. Number one, what’s the confidence on this forecast? And number two, what changed during the quarter? Was it the slowdown on the superstore growth that really causes the revision, or is it just an ongoing worsening issue within Kibbles? Because we already knew that one was a problem. I guess, what I’m really trying to get after is, what changed just within the last several months that has caused the latest of the guide downs on revenues? Thank you.
Barry Dunaway: I just think it’s just going to take us a little longer to stabilize the business. We – it’s just – I think just a little more time to get that stabilization. And once we stabilize the business then we can get it growing again. I just think our performance the first quarter was not what we expected. And based on a combination of both Kibbles and Meow Mix and the softness in the first quarter is what really drove us to be more conservative on the back-half of the year.
Mark Smucker: And remember, David, this is Mark Smucker, that we got the pricing in the fundamentals and the bonus bags right in, basically in June. So we’re just now starting to see those products in markets. So to various points, we do feel confident that we should see some leveling off here in the next quarter or so, and start to shore up that business. And then again, going back to a slightly longer-term view is making sure we have the right actions, right in the mass premium segment, and as we think about how we address that. We certainly want to think about going into the market and getting it right the first time. So we’re incredibly focused on the execution and making sure that as we do roll out plans in that segment, we’re prepared and we’re going to do it right.
David Driscoll: And just one quick follow up. Did you guys say what your expectation was for the premium Pet Food growth this year? I know the expectation has moderated, but – and I apologize if I missed it, but did you say to what? What level of growth do you think premium grows for the year? Thank you.
Barry Dunaway: The growth would be low single-digits on the premium brands.
David Driscoll: Okay. Thank you. I will pass it along.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. This question is for Mark Belgya. Mark, I think in your prepared remarks you said that this was a quarter where your pricing lagged or I guess your pricing was down more than deflation helped you. And I want to know is that a trend that we should expect to continue for the rest of the year? Your gross profit dollars were down in the first quarter and just want to get a sense of how you were thinking about the rest of the year too?
Mark Belgya: Thanks, Rob, for the question. No, it’s not something that we would necessarily expect. We continue to be favorable and in input cost, I think in my comments in Consumer Foods, in particular.
Robert Moskow: Yes.
Mark Belgya: But in terms of the current quarter what we saw a little bit of, and I think we mentioned this on call in June and then touched on today as well is that, in addition to the price declines we took, we also had some additional trade – came through sort of from a change in timing. So that too is considered price. So the combination of those two exceeded the net commodity cost reduction. But we wouldn’t expect that to continue throughout the year. So, obviously, the biggest pricing impact in general versus a year ago hit in Q1 because of the coffee. So just the pricing impact overall will be less as we move through. We will obviously still feel the 6% we took on coffee this year, but as you know, we lapped it otherwise. So a little bit of an anomaly. And I guess just if I can while I’m thinking of pricing and just sales in general, I think it’s – I would like to just lay this out there, and again, I respect everyone’s modeling. But if we do look at the combination of the milk and the impact of pricing the coffee had. And I guess, I’m just turning back to coffee a couple of months, those two pieces in total were probably about $90 million to $100 million of first quarter sales impact. So, we – I think in Mark’s script, the comments we talked about our sales being just slightly below plan. So we had factored a good portion of that And but certainly I can understand sort of the reaction when you see the negative seven year-over-year. So I just want to call that out as an additional data point for everybody.
Robert Moskow: Okay, that might be a good segue for a question on revenue management. Mark Smucker, I believe you have a new functional head in revenue management internally. Can you give us a little bit of an update on what he is working on for you? And when do you expect to see the results of that?
Mark Smucker: Thanks for the question, Rob. Yes, we do actually have a new head of revenue management. In fact, one of the things that we spoke about, I think on the last call was that some of the incremental savings that we’ve targeted are going to be invested in capabilities like that, that is one of several. I would describe some of the capabilities as we’ve sort of taken a step back and reorganized ourselves to make sure that we’re building the right capabilities that relate to the consumer and that could be things like insights and data to ensure a robust innovation pipeline, as well as the customer in terms of how we do business with them and how we ensure that we’re giving them the absolute best content. So revenue management would be one piece of that. And we’re at a stage now where we’ve done a nice job building the organization and we’re in the process of ensuring that those new organizations and functions are wired properly. And so that takes a little bit of time as we get through a full-year of planning and so forth. But at this point, we’re very very pleased with the leadership we have across many of our functions. And as it relates to the revenue management, our goal over the next year or two are to begin to become increasingly more efficient in our trade spend. So that we can truly drive incremental sales, that’s ultimately the goal.
Robert Moskow: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Mario Contreras of Deutsche Bank. Please state your question.
Mario Contreras: Hi, good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Mario.
Mario Contreras: So I believe last quarter you mentioned that your cat food brands had seen some growth. It looks like the trend reversed a little bit this quarter and I believe you mentioned those were down. Can you talk a little bit about the trends in that category? Is this anything specific to worsening competitive conditions or something specific to your brands? Thanks.
Barry Dunaway: Hi, Mario, this is Barry. I would say what we experienced especially this last quarter, was some competitive pricing activity with our major competitor in that category, which puts some pressure on the brand. So we’ve taken some programs back to our retail partners and are working with them to get again, the price right relative to our competition. That combined with our advertising campaign. We just are on TV effective August 1 with the new advertising campaign behind the Meow Mix brand, which we think will provide great support for the business. So between those two activities, we think we’ll address some of the short-term pressure that that brand has experienced. But no other fundamental concerns with the brand, more short-term versus longer-term.
Mario Contreras: Okay, that’s helpful. And then just one quick one on the Dunkin’ K-Cup, so obviously you’re lapping the pipeline fill, can you talk about some of the share trends that you’re seeing, especially in the last few weeks here? Are you still pretty confident that you are holding share or gaining share, and how do you feel about that trending over the next few quarters? Thanks.
Steven Oakland: Hi Mario, it’s Steve. I think we’re very encouraged by total K-Cup. I don’t think it was in the prepared comments but we saw what we’ll call legacy or Folgers K-Cups increase in volume for the quarter, and that’s a nice turnaround given everything going on in the K-Cup category and all of the noise there and the deflation there. We saw strong K-Cup volume in our legacy brands. We continue to see strong takeaway for Dunkin’. We literally had trucks lined up at the door at midnight on May 1 a year-ago when we launched this. So given the strength of that we did not expect the same results obviously a year later, but we have more distribution today than we did a year ago. The turns remain very, very strong, and the Dunkin’ original K-Cup is the number one K-Cup in most of the channels and most of the customers we sell it to. So that franchise continues to be alive and growing. So we’re really pleased with that, but more pleased I would say that the legacy business is up over a year ago. So that’s a great trend to reverse.
Mario Contreras: Okay. And then I guess just to clarify, so would you expect the Dunkin’ Brand to return to growth here in the second quarter?
Steven Oakland: Yes. Yes, we would expect the Dunkin’ brand in total. Our bagged Coffee business is up for the quarter in the first quarter, which again is a nice trend reversal. Although we had a fantastic year last year, that was driven mostly by core Folgers Red Can. It’s nice to see our red can momentum continue in the first quarter, but also our legacy K-Cup and our Dunkin’ bag business improved, so both of those things have improved in the first quarter.
Mario Contreras: Okay. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please state your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone.
Mark Smucker: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Can I focus in on the U.S. Retail business for a moment? The 2% organic sales growth decline, I understand that it was largely price investment. But it sounds as though that was broadly in line with your expectations. Is that – should we think about that as the continued run rate for the business given the challenges that are going on in that retailer environment? And as you think about the bits that are growing nicely like Sahale and Knudsen, does that shrink and how you think about your bolt-on acquisition strategy going forward? I know you’re probably not in a position to do acquisitions yet, but might you have to shore up that business with some more faster growing health and wellness type brands? Thank you and I’ll pass it on.
Mark Smucker: Alexia, it’s Mark Smucker. The second part of your question, yes. I think we’re really pleased with our natural and organic, not only the smaller businesses like our beverage business and Sahale both we’re very pleased with right now. And so as we think about other segment or categories that would be one area that we would look in terms of bolt-on. But we just also remain focused as well even in our mainstream businesses, in some cases where we have businesses where you have simple ingredients, more natural offerings, cleaner ingredient deck, those businesses are areas that we will continue to focus on. And I think quite frankly, you’re hearing that pretty broadly from our entire industry. So I don’t think – I think most of us are saying a lot of the same things based on a lot of the same trends. So, yes in the first part of your question did I answer?
Alexia Howard: Kind of did – the 2% decline in organic sales growth with the price investments, is that kind of a run rate for now in terms of how we should think of that business?
Mark Belgya: Hi Alexia, this is Mark Belgya. What I would do – if I would say that our Consumer Foods business and it gets muddied a little bit, because of milk. But if you take the milk out we would still – we would expect that business to be up modestly. And then Coffee, it is going to get drug down a little bit in the continuing quarters just because of the 6% price decline we took here in July or – I’m sorry, May of this year. But short of that we will see some volume growth from that, which will offset a little bit of that price impact. So the math probably works out to somewhere kind of flattish I would guess if you just look at it – the Consumer Foods and the Coffee together is what you are calling U.S. Retail. And as we’ve mentioned, obviously, pets is going to be down some. So that would pull the overall average of those three reportable segments down below flat, probably negative 1 to 2 I guess.
Alexia Howard: Okay.
Mark Smucker: But at the same time, we are in a very deflationary environment, as we’ve seen several of our customers have reported top line good comp sales growth, but some still top line challenges, and I think that’s a systemic at the moment. But we should – with commodities moving, we’re probably going to see some change there over time.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Steven Oakland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
John Baumgartner: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question.
Barry Dunaway: Hey, John.
John Baumgartner: Barry, I’d like to ask in terms of mainstream pet, a few of your larger competitors have adopted natural or grain free offshoots of their core brands. When you think about it, I mean how much of an incremental headwind is that proving to be for you in mainstream maybe relative to your view of the landscape at the time of the acquisition?
Barry Dunaway: Yes, that’s clearly a trend in mainstream. And as we look at entering the mass premium segment that has to be front and – center for us as we look at what an entry strategy would be. So again as we look at what the consumer is interested in and what their preferences are. So that will be a part of our thinking as we think about an entry strategy.
John Baumgartner: When we think about the – as a follow-up, when we think about the premium space, the next phase of distribution for Natural Balance or even Nature’s Recipe – I think a few months ago there was some commentary pertaining to runway independence as an example. What is the phasing for that stand and at what point does incremental distribution began to kick in? And then just maybe lastly, how are you seeing the interplay between Nature’s Recipe and Natural Balance in terms of incrementality versus some cannibalization impact there?
Barry Dunaway: They each have their own position in the Pet Specialty segment where Nature’s Recipe is more of an entry brand into Pet Specialty. The Natural Balance is a much more premium segment with a focus on a limited ingredient diet. So they each have a unique positioning in that channel. As far as the independent channel being incremental, we focus on that channel just like we do the other main retailers in Pet Specialty. But – that the independent trade is not going to drive the growth of those brands. Most of our growth is going to come from the lead retailers in that channel.
John Baumgartner: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Farha Aslam of Stephens. Please state your question.
Farha Aslam: Hi, good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Farha.
Barry Dunaway: Hi, Farha.
Farha Aslam: First question is on Dunkin’, a couple of times, we heard kind of lower payments to Dunkin’ brands. Is that simply a function of the lower volume in K-Cups or is there anything structural in terms of renegotiations of rates?
Mark Smucker: Hey, Farha, it’s Mark. It’s just a function of – it’s just a variable cost to the sale. So it’s just a – it’s a lower royalty total dollar, not dollar, not a change in the rate.
Farha Aslam: That’s helpful. And then the second one is back on Pet Food. You are about to cycle into some very low and very favorable input costs in both corn and soybeans and a lot of your other inputs. How are you thinking about managing pricing versus margin in that mainstream brands given that you’re getting such a great commodity tailwind?
Mark Smucker: As far as pricing begins, we have to front and center competitive with our – the other two primary competitors that we compete with. So as a third player in that category we’ll continue just to be competitive with the other two primary competitors. So that will be our focus. We’ll manage our commodities in our Pet business just like we do in our other businesses, and that will be part of our pricing strategy.
Mark Belgya: Hey, Farha, to that what I might just add is that I guess to the – very later point, I think we’ve made pretty consistently over the years that we’ve owned first of all with the Crisco business and then in Coffee that there is always going to be timing as you the cost of that commodity with the pricing. But we’ve done a very good job both as price has gone up and price has come down and generally to maintain the margin dollars and grow those dollars over time. So I think we would – as Barry suggested, what we’re going to have to move is price being number three in the category, but focus on the fact that we have been able to grow those margin dollars over time.
Steven Oakland: Well, and Farah – hi, Steve Oakland. One thing that when Barry talked earlier about getting the fundamentals right, one of things that that the Big Heart business coming into Smucker. One of the capabilities that they got is our commodity buying team, our hedging team. We have a much more sophisticated driven by the fact that we’re in the Coffee business as we are and we’re in the other grains businesses we’re in. So a number of the commodities that are input cost for that that are all run through those same systems. So I think we have more sophisticated system and we have capabilities that allow Barry and the team to know what their costs are going out further, to be able to participate in downside projecting from the upside. So it’s a much more robust set of capabilities applied against that business. Now it takes time for those to impact it and we’re in the process of that now. But those commodity tailwinds, as you call them that that you spoke about Barry and the team will have the same capabilities to achieve those that we have in the other businesses now.
Farha Aslam: That’s helpful, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Please state your question.
Akshay Jagdale: Hi, good morning.
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Akshay.
Mark Belgya: Good morning.
Akshay Jagdale: Hey, first question is for Mark Belgya. So on the marketing spending and timing, thanks for calling that out first of all. But can you give us a sense of what the plan is now on total dollar spending relative to what it was? And where that – so give us some sense of where those funds are shifting to, like what quarter, and if there is any particular reason why they may have shifted even relative to your plan. Thank you.
Mark Belgya: Okay. Thanks Akshay for the question. In terms of total marketing spend for the total company, for the total year, we expect to be basically on our plan as expected. What you are going to see is you’re going to see a little bit of a shift in that. There is a likelihood – although the first quarter there was timing on Pet, most the 13% decline, I think we spoke to with Pet related. That’s going to shift, a good portion that’s going to shift in Q2. They’re probably still be a little bit less than plan for the whole year. However, in our other businesses, we’re seeing a little bit uptick in market. So net-net will be exactly where we thought we were going to be at the start the year, which is – I think around 6.2%, 6.3% sales.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. And then just a couple more sort of high level. First one is on coffee related to revenue management and perhaps your hedging strategy. And I know Mark, you’ve managed the cost of business as well. So in terms – as you look at the next three to five years, I mean, when do you – previous to your ownership, Folgers had a pretty open public policy hedging which won’t put [Technical Difficulty] uncertainty to the market on where sort of prices are going to go. And from talking to people in the industry, since you’ve gone away from that over the last four or five years, there has been a little bit more disruption competitively as a result, that’s one argument. Have you considered maybe just making a broader change there, where not only would it have [Technical Difficulty] but one would argue maybe it makes the competitive environment a little bit more rational? That’s one question. And I have a follow up on Pet.
Steven Oakland: Sure. Akshay, it’s Steven Oakland. I think the four smart provider under P&G might have been a little more formulary, right? And I think it might have been a little more transparent. But if you think about how different the coffee category is today than it was then, that was pre-K-Cups, that was when blue can was a material piece of this category. And then that was when we had different owners of our competitive brands that had different strategies and different behavior. So I think if you look at the momentum last year, you look at the first quarter in coffee, we feel really good about our balance of cost and our balance of coverage. I think – we think we’re uniquely different in that we tie our commodity team to our business team. And that our commodity not only understands how to buy the right prices, they understand when we need those prices in the marketplace. So it maybe more difficult for the outside world to understand. But I think we’re really happy with how it’s – what is delivering for us from a business unit standpoint. I think we will stick – we will probably stay with where we are.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. And just one on Pet, again a similar long-term focus question. I mean I understand there are some competitive issues on the dry side and you are sharpening your price points and that seems like – more like surgical moves. But the broader trend is the pet population seems to have started growing in the recent past, so that’s a good trend, and there’s a broader trend of premiumization. Your portfolio should be better suited to that than your competitors. I mean, are we entering a stage like we were like maybe four years ago on coffee, where there is a shift from mainstream to premium, a broader shift that we should be maybe thinking of in light of your exposure to the mainstream side? Is that what we are seeing broadly as people are premiumizing maybe the mainstream category is just over skewed and that’s why we are seeing as much competitive activity as we are seeing? Thank you.
Barry Dunaway: Akshay, it’s Barry. Let me just provide some commentary on that. To your point is, we’re seeing a more humanization of pets and consumers looking at more premium products. But I think we would stay consistent with our strategy of making sure we participate in every segment of the category. We’re still in place for our value brands like Kibbles ‘n Bits and Gravy Train in that segment. We have some great brands in pet specialty. Our snack brands cut across all the segments as well and our great brands. We’ve been driving category growth in the snack category, and our retailers attribute that to our innovation efforts. So I think our strategy in pet is going to be like it is in every other segment is just every other category we participate in is just make sure, we meet the consumer needs what – however, they define value and that will be a consistent strategy we will apply in Pet. So we – it’s a great category, great brands. We think for long-term, it’s definitely the right business for us to be in. So we’re going to leverage the scale and capabilities of broader $8 billion company that continue to grow the pet business.
Akshay Jagdale: Thank you. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Pablo Zuanic at SIG. Your line is now open.
Aatish Shah: Hi, this is actually Aatish Shah in for Pablo. Just a couple of questions. Starting with Pet Food, if you could give us a sense of what percentage of your sales comes through the specialty channel and within that channel what portion is coming from the superstores versus the other outlets? Start with that.
Barry Dunaway: Sure. I think we gave some color on that last quarter. But we have about 20% of our sales are through pet specialty. And of that the majority of that is through the large retailers.
Aatish Shah: Okay, great. Then switching to snacks, just regarding the slowdown, would you say that’s all in line with overall market, and in terms of market share, is that something you are losing share, or is it in line with the market overall?
Barry Dunaway: Our snack share has remained strong. So overall, we’re not losing share. There may have been a little bit of softness over four weeks. But if you look at our 12 and 52-week share, we are still the dominant player in gaining share.
Aatish Shah: Okay, great. And just one last follow-up going back to Pet Food. For Big Heart, just in terms of opportunity, if you can give me a sense of total market in terms of mass premium versus specialty premium in dollar share, I mean in total dollars, if you could get – give me an idea of what that is? And also for Big Heart itself, there is no exposure to mass premium. And we are assuming a small portion in specialty premium around 5%, does that sound about right?
Barry Dunaway: We’re having a little difficulty in framing the question. So maybe we’ll tell you what we think you’re asking.
Aatish Shah: Sure.
Barry Dunaway: So in terms of the mass premium, the size of that within dry dog is about between 5% and 10%, probably lower to the – closer to the 5% to 7%. And so that – I think there was an earlier question asked, how it’s been affecting our dry dog business, so that’s the portion that we’re not participating, if you will. So I’m not exactly sure if that’s what was asked. So if not please maybe reframe the question?
Aatish Shah: Sure. Yes, just I think just for the main part, I think the overall market, if you could give me an idea of like the total dollars in mass premium versus specialty premium, if that makes sense.
Barry Dunaway: Again, we’ll try to track that number down. We don’t have that handy. If we can get it back before the call is over, we’ll communicate that, otherwise we’ll circle back direct.
Aatish Shah: Okay, great. Thank you
Operator: Thank you. And I will now turn the conference call back over to management to conclude.
Mark Smucker: All right. This is Mark Smucker. Just a couple of closing comments I have. Obviously, there’s – there have been a few – obviously a lot of questions on Pet. Just want to reiterate our confidence in the business, we believe in the business, Barry just mentioned a few minutes ago just the brands are fantastic. And although we’ve talked quite a bit about mainstream dog today, we feel very good about where we are at. In our premium segment, our ability to address and we started to do that on the mainstream side. And very importantly, our snacks business, pet snacks is going very well. Our shares are very healthy there. And so as with all of the other categories that we’re in, we’re very comfortable and confident in competing with our peers and we’re competing against many of the same players in some of the other categories and we’ve got a proven ability to grow brands in mature categories. So I wanted to leave you with that thought. And then again, we didn’t talk much today about the Olympics, but the Olympics has been very good for our brands. We’re going to probably see some halo effect from a consumer perspective. And then we’re going to continue to focus on what we’re good at, executing, blocking and tackling, making sure that we have the best consumer engagement possible by supporting our products that we have in market, and then, of course, delivering against or exceeding our synergy and our working capital target. So, once again, just want to thank our talented team of employees, they are fantastic. We would not have been able to deliver the fantastic results this quarter without them. And so many, many thanks to our dedicated employees and thank you to all of you for joining us today. Have a great week.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access this rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing, 855-859-2056 or 404-537-3406 with a passcode of 54479942. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-06-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Broholm - VP, IR Richard Smucker - Executive Chairman Mark Smucker - President and CEO Mark Belgya - CFO Steve Oakland - President, US Food and Beverage Barry Dunaway - President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks Vince Byrd - Vice Chairman
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays David Driscoll - Citigroup Chris Growe - Stifel Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Jason English - Goldman Sachs Alexia Howard - Bernstein Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Pablo Zuanic - SIG Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Gregory Nep - Stephens Inc. Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company's Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. This conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers after the presentation. Please limit yourself to two initial questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you then have additional questions. I will now turn the conference call over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me today and presenting our prepared comments are Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman; Mark Smucker, President and Chief Executive Officer and Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call are Steve Oakland, President, US Food and Beverage and Barry Dunaway, President, Pet Food and Pet Snacks. Vince Byrd, Vice Chairman is also on the line from another location. During this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure statement in this morning's press release concerning forward-looking statements. Additionally, please note the Company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally as detailed in the press release, which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. As we indicated earlier in the calendar year, we are transitioning to one non-GAAP earnings per share metric in 2017 which excludes non-cash intangible amortization. We will refer to this as adjusted EPS. Amortization expense will also be removed from our definition of segment profit as well as non-GAAP operating income and net income. We will file the Form 8-K later this quarter to recap prior year segment results to reflect the new definition. We have posted to our website a couple of supplementary slides including a bridge from our fiscal 2016 results to our fiscal 2017 adjusted EPS guidance. These slides can be accessed through the links of the webcast of this call. This document and a replay of this call will be archived on our website. If you have any questions after today's call please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Smucker: Thank you Aaron, good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Fiscal 2016 was a dynamic and exciting year for The Smucker Company as our teams delivered on a number of key strategic initiatives. These included significantly improving the performance of our coffee business, reflecting the launch of the Dunkin' Donuts K-Cups and returning momentum to our mainstream coffee business, expanding distribution for our Natural Balance pet brand, executing a seamless integration of the pet food business, exceeding our synergy and working capital targets for the year, divesting our US Canned Milk business. All resulting in record financial performance and earnings and cash flow that exceeded our expectations. Let me expand on the results for the year. Net sales increased 37% to $7.8 billion reflecting the full-year contribution of Big Heart Pet Brands. Excluding acquisitions, divestitures and foreign exchange, sales increased 3% for the full year. Non-GAAP operating income was up 49% to $1.28 billion with the contributions from pet and strong coffee segment profit growth being the key drivers. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $6.57 including a one-time $0.42 per share non-cash benefit. This compares to our most recent guidance of $5.84 to $5.94 which excluded the tax benefit. Lastly, the Company generated free cash flow of $1.26 billion which is well above our original estimate. Reflecting the strong cash flow, we exceeded our deleveraging objective for the year reducing total debt by nearly $750 million. We also returned over $750 million of cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividend. There were numerous accomplishments during the past fiscal year and this performance is a testament for the dedication of our employees and we thank them for their continued effort. We are well-positioned to continue this momentum into fiscal 2017. Since the last time we spoke to many of you, we announced several executive appointments that are consistent with the Company's history of long-term succession planning and the development of leadership to meet the current and future needs of our business and the constituents that we serve.  Effective May 1, Mark Smucker assumed the role of President and Chief Executive Officer. Mark and his experienced leadership team embody the values that have contributed to the Company's successful to long-term growth. I'm confident that under their direction, the Company will continue to innovate, evolve and grow in the years to come. It has been an honor to serve as CEO of The Smucker Company and I grateful to have worked alongside the most talented team in the industry. I will continue to serve the Company as Executive Chairman. Among other areas, my efforts will be focused on board-related matters, council and advice on strategic decisions, enhancing customer relationships and advancing our industry leadership efforts. My brother Tim has been appointed to the role of Chairman Emeritus and we also look forward to his continued contribution. Lastly, I would like to recognize Vince Byrd who is participating in his final earnings call as his retirement after 39 years with the company is effective tomorrow. Vince’s contributions have helped shape the company that we are today and will continue to be reflected in the numerous employees that he has mentored throughout his career.  With that I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Richard. Good morning, everyone. As you know, our company is unique in being led by only six CEOs in its 119 year history. I am honored to succeed Richard as CEO and serve as a steward of this great company. Richard has led our company through a period of significant expansion and strategic transformation. As a result, our company is stronger than ever. I am excited to lead our talented team, leveraging the continued council of Richard’s dad and our outstanding board to drive continued growth and shareholder value. I also would like to echo Richard’s comments about Vince and thank him for his contribution and mentorship.  The focus of my comments today will be to provide an update on our business segments including additional color on full year 2016 performance and initial thoughts on fiscal 2017. I will start with our coffee business which far exceeded expectations for the year. Net sales were up 8% and segment profit increased 18% to $646 million representing a full recovery of the segment profit decline in the prior year. This outperformance was driven by several factors including the successful launch of Dunkin' Donuts K-Cup, the implementation of the planned Folgers canister downsize, a moderation in competitive activities and the net benefit of lower commodity costs and pricing. Providing lower pricing on Folgers roast and ground coffee resulted in improved performance for our mainstream coffee business in 2016. Tonnage for our mainstream brands was up 3% while units shipped were up even more given the canister downsize early in the fiscal year. In addition, our dollar share within the mainstream segment of the coffee category increased nearly two share points to 55% for the latest 52 week period. We anticipate momentum in the coffee business to continue in 2017. Key initiatives include Folgers sponsorship of the US Olympic team for the upcoming Rio games with marketing activities already underway. In addition, last month we implemented a 6% list price decline across much of our coffee portfolio, reflecting sustained lower green coffee costs. These lower costs have been reflected in promotional pricing for the past several quarters and we do not anticipate promoted prices changing significantly. With regards to Folgers’ K-Cups, in 2016 the brand was impacted by the ongoing proliferation and entrance in the K-Cup space including our introduction of Dunkin’ K-Cup. This year we will invest further in the product lines to improve trends including lower pricing and new packaging that will leverage the iconic Folgers Red Can brand equity. Turning to the Dunkin' Donuts brand, Dunkin’ K-Cups achieved nearly $220 million in retail sales for the latest 52 week scan period and gained a 6% dollar share of the K-Cup market, giving us an overall share of nearly 15% in the K-Cup segment. In its first year on the market, the Dunkin’ Donut’s original SKU has become the number one K-Cup item in the channels in which we participate. As consumer repeat rates remain strong and with opportunities to introduce additional variety, we anticipate further growth in 2017. Whilst challenged for much of 2016, performance improved for Dunkin' Donuts bagged coffee during the fourth quarter. Supported by favorable input costs, we have sharpened pricing to improve gap to key competitors and we look for positive volume trends to continue. Lastly within coffee, the Cafe Bustelo brand experienced a second consecutive year of double-digit sales growth behind strong performance for both roast and ground and K-Cup offerings. This exciting on trend brand remains well received by millennials and its growth is expected to continue also in 2017. Turning to consumer foods, net sales declined 3% for the year, mostly due to lapping sales from the divested canned milk business. Segment profit was flat to prior year, supported by the gain on the milk business sale, which offset planned increases in manufacturing overhead costs. Looking briefly at the key brands, we are pleased with the overall performance of our spreads business, as both Jif Peanut Butter and Smucker's Fruit Spreads grew volume share over the latest 52-week period. In addition, Smucker's Uncrustables frozen sandwiches had another strong year with volume up 26%, including a 17th consecutive quarter of double-digit volume growth in this most recent fourth quarter. On trend innovation continues to be a focus area for the iconic Jif and Smucker's brands. In fiscal 2017, we look to build on recent successful launches such as Smucker's Fruit and Honey Fruit Spreads and Jif snack bars. This includes the upcoming introduction of new snack bar varieties and plans to expand in to other snacking platforms. In addition, Jif, Smucker's and Uncrustables are all participating in the 2016 Olympic sponsorship, which will be an integral part of this year's marketing efforts for the brand. In the baked isle, the overall category remains challenged throughout much of this past year, reflecting changing consumer preferences and aggressive competitive pricing. Our focus remains on providing value added innovation such as our recent gluten free and simple ingredient offerings. We are also excited to announce a licensing arrangement with the Girls Scouts of America. Under this agreement, we are launching new Pillsbury items, featuring iconic Girls Scout cookie flavors. Within natural foods, our leading R.W. Knudsen Family and Santa Cruz Organic brands both achieved solid sales growth in 2016. The key natural foods categories in which our brands participate are growing, which gives us confidence in maintaining our momentum in this business. We are also excited about our recent investment in the Numi brand and the opportunities this provides in the organic tea category. Under our first year of ownership, Pet Foods segment profit of $392 million was generally in line with expectations. Net sales of $2.25 billion fell 1% short of the projections provided at our October Investor Day, due to competitive challenges in mainstream dry dog food. For the year, mainstream Pet Foods sales decreased mid-single digits, reflecting double-digit declines in dog food and a low single digit decline for the larger cat food business. Offsetting the lower mainstream sales was the strong performance of our Pet Snacks business, which was up mid-single digit over the prior year and our premium Pet Foods brands which grew double digits behind expanded distribution of the Natural Balance brand. As we enter 2017, we anticipate continued growth for Natural Balance, as we launch the brand's first national marketing campaign, along with additional in-store support. Within pet snacks, innovation for the Milk-Bone and Meow Mix brands were key contributors to 2016 results and we expect to see – to build on these brands with new product introduction this fiscal year.  We also continue to focus on opportunities in mainstream pet food driven by consumer preference for additional protein and natural ingredients. Lastly within the segment, we are excited about our partnership and planned in-store activities related to the animated film The Secret Life of Pets, which will be in theaters next month.  Turning to international and food service, we are pleased with the full year results despite the significant top and bottom line impacts of foreign currency. Reported net sales were in line with the prior year as the addition of the pet food business and the benefit of higher net pricing in Canada offset a $60 million topline impact related to foreign exchange. Segment profit was up 12%, most attributable food service. The introduction of Smucker's Uncrustables into school lunch program contributed to this growth. The strong underlying performance of our Canadian business was mostly offset by the impact of foreign exchange.  Let me conclude with an update on our integration and cost savings activities. We successfully achieved our March 1 integration milestone for the pet food business and recognized just over $35 million in synergies for 2016. In addition, we have clear visibility and confidence in realizing an incremental $100 million in synergies this fiscal year. In total, this would provide approximately $135 million in synergies for 2017.  Looking ahead, we remain confident in achieving our original goal of $200 million in annual synergies by the end of fiscal 2018. In addition to the $200 million in synergies, we are targeting $50 million of incremental annual cost savings to be fully realized over the next few years. Related projects include further optimizing our manufacturing footprint as over the next 18 months, we will close a coffee facility in Harahan, Louisiana, and two least natural foods facilities located in Livermore, California, with production being consolidated into existing operations.  In addition, we are nearly complete with an organizational redesign and its further optimizing corporate resources contributing to this cost savings target. We expect to initially invest much of these incremental savings in several identified areas. We will continue to prioritize investments that generate top and bottom line growth for key on-trend platform. In fiscal 2017, these include opportunities related to Smucker's Uncrustables, coffee and snacks.  We are also establishing a new growth and innovation organization, which is being led by a member of my leadership team. The group is being tasked with further building capabilities related to consumer and marketing insight, digital, innovation, targeted market development strategies for our customers, including pricing and trade spend optimization. Lastly, we plan to invest in new growth opportunities to expand our presence in China.  In closing, 2016 was a historic year for our company and I would like to thank our employees for their effort. As we enter 2017, key priorities include achieving our synergy goals, building on our product innovation activities and investing in new capabilities to enhance future growth. Overall, we remain confident in our long-term strategy, the strength of our brands and our ability to deliver shareholder value in 2017 and beyond. I will now turn the call over to Mark Belgya. 
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Mark. Good morning everyone. I will begin by providing commentary on our fourth quarter results followed by 2016 cash flow performance and ending with our 2017 outlook.  We concluded the fiscal year with strong fourth quarter earnings. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.86 for the quarter, including a one-time $0.42 per share non-cash deferred tax benefit related to the integration of Big Heart into the Smucker Company as was previewed during our third quarter call. This strong finish to the year was mostly attributable to coffee including higher than anticipated volume for our mainstream and premium coffee brands and a favorable price to cost relationship. The comparison of fourth quarter earnings between years is significantly impacted by one-time items reported in each of the respective periods. These include the deferred tax benefit in the current year as well as the Big Heart acquisition and financing related activities in the prior year. As a result, the remainder of my fourth quarter commentary will be focused on the business segments. Beginning with coffee, fourth quarter net sales grew 9% as favorable volume mix of 13% was only partially offset by lower net pricing. Sales of the Dunkin’ Donuts brand doubled over the prior year with K-Cups driving much of this growth. Double digit gains for bagged Dunkin’ Donuts coffee also contributed. For the Folgers brand, net sales declined 5% attributable to lower net price realization and lastly Café Bustelo sales were up 28% as the momentum for this brand continued. Segment profit increased $43 million or 39%. We recognized lower green coffee costs in the quarter which were partially offset by lower net pricing. In addition, higher volume mix more than offset increased marketing. Turning to consumer foods, net sales were up 5% excluding the impact of the canned milk divestiture with gains across majority of our key brands. Sales for Jif grew 14% behind higher volume and net pricing while the Smucker's brand was up 3% as Uncrustables had another strong quarter. In the bake isle, sales of Crisco increased 6% driven by higher volume. And lastly sales for the Pillsbury brand were up modestly as higher price realization offset volume declines. Segment profit declined 6% mostly attributable to lapping the prior year earnings of the divestment of the milk business. Planned increases in manufacturing overhead costs also contributed reflecting the new peanut butter facility in Memphis as well as under-absorbed overhead costs related to our working capital initiatives. These factors offset lower marketing expense. Net sales for our US Retail Pet Foods segment was $563 million. We estimate this represents an approximate 3% increase compared to the prior year fourth quarter of which six week we reported under our ownership. Sales for our premium pet brands food improved low-double digits driven by natural balance while pet snack sales increased in line with the overall segment. Mainstream pet food sales were flat compared to the prior year as growth in our cat food brands offset declines in dog food.  Pet food segment profit was $170 million for the quarter. As expected, we realized a sequential increase in segment profit margin from 17% in the third quarter to 20.7% this quarter primarily reflecting lower marketing expense, incremental synergy recognition also contributed. Net sales for International and Foodservice increased 1% in the quarter reflecting higher volume mix in foodservice. In Canada, the addition of pet food was essentially offset by the impact of FX. Segment profit was up 8% over the prior year driven by our foodservice business partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange in Canada. Free cash flow was $295 million for the quarter bringing the 2016 total to $1.26 billion. The outperformance compared to our most recent free cash flow guidance of $975 million was attributable to exceeding our 2016 working capital improvement target, lower than projected CapEx spending, our fourth quarter tax refund of $53 million which is separate from the deferred tax adjustment impacting earnings and higher net income. Expanding on our working capital initiatives, in 2016, we realized majority of our finished goods inventory reduction goal of $200 million, nearly a year ahead of schedule. In 2017 we expect to achieve the remainder of the inventory reduction target along with modest working capital improvements related to accounts payable and receivables, all of which are factored into our 2017 free cash flow outlook I will discuss in a moment. We ended the year with debt of $5.4 billion. Based on 2016 EBITDA of $1.58 billion, our leverage stood at 3.4 times at April 30, a reduction from 4.1 times at the beginning of the year. In addition to exceeding our debt pay down target for the year, we were able to restart share repurchase activities aided by the strong free cash flow and proceeds from the divestiture of the milk business. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased nearly 3% of shares outstanding for approximately $430 million. In 2017, the lower share count will offset EPS impact of the eight months and lost profit related to the divested milk business. Turning to our 2017 outlook, we anticipate reported net sales to decrease by 1% compared to the prior year as we will lap approximately $150 million of sales related to the milk divestiture. Excluding this impact, net sales are projected to be up 1%. Favorable volume mix across each of the segments including the benefit of new product is expected to be mostly offset by lower price in US retail coffee and FX from Canada. Approximately $25 million of the incremental $100 million of synergies for 2017 are expected to benefit gross profit. Overall commodity costs are anticipated to be lower; however our Canadian business is estimating a headwind of $20 million related to FX of which a portion is expected to be offset. As a result, we expect gross margins to approximate 39% in 2017. Further SG&A expenses are projected to be comparable to the prior year. This reflects the benefit of the incremental synergies related to headcount reductions and other administrative cost savings offset by increased marketing in support of recently launched products, our Olympic sponsorship, innovation and regulatory expenses. We are projecting non-GAAP operating income growth of 4% in 2017 compared to $1.465 billion in the prior year which excludes amortization and the prior gain on sales of $25 million. Further, excluding the $32 million profit in last year's operating income related to the divested milk business, the growth would be 6%. Below operating income we expect net interest expense of approximately $165 million and a tax rate of 34%. And lastly, the weighted average share count 116.6 million shares were used based on current shares outstanding. Factoring in all of this, we are guiding 2017 adjusted EPS in the range of $7.60 to $7.75, which excludes $1.18 per share estimated non-cash amortization. Including the amortization, this yields a range of $6.42 from $6.57 compared to a 2016 base of $6. This results in year-over-year increases ranging from 7% to 10%. As illustrated on the document posted on our website, we derive the $6 EPS for 2016 by subtracting the $0.42 deferred tax adjustment and $0.15 milk gain from our reported non-GAAP EPS of $6.57. We anticipate much of the EPS growth for the year to be weighted towards the middle two quarters of the fiscal year due to certain factors. Last year's first quarter included the launch of Dunkin K-Cup. Also within coffee, this year's first quarter will be unfavorably impacted due to timing associated with full quarter impact of the price decrease taken in July of 2015 along with the additional price decline taken in May of this year as compared to the recognition of lower costs.  Other factors impacting quarterly comparison include the timing of synergy recognition, the timing impact related to trade spend recognition on a quarterly basis and finally the fourth quarter comparison to this year's strong fourth-quarter finish. Looking briefly at the segment, coffee profits are projected to be comparable to the record fiscal 2015 levels. For consumer foods, reported segment profit is expected to be down given the prior-year gains on the milk divestiture and the loss milk profit but up mid-single digits when these items are excluded. Pet Food segment profit is also projected to be up mid-single digits reflecting incremental synergies and organic growth including the contribution of new products. And lastly, International and Foodservice is anticipated to be done primarily reflecting the net impact of FX in Canada. We project free cash flow will approximate $1 billion from which we plan to pay down debt and further reduce leverage to 3.1 times by the end of this fiscal year. This assumes projected 2017 EBITDA of $1.63 billion. Additional assumptions related to 2017 include amortization expense of nearly $210 million, depreciation of $215 million, share based compensation expense of $35 million, capital expenditures of $240 million and lastly, one-time costs of $100 million which are mostly cash related. In closing, we are very pleased with our overall performance in 2016 as it’s more of a memorable year in our company’s history. It is with this momentum and excitement that we look forward to executing our plans for 2017, as we remain focused on delivering continued growth.  We thank you for your time and we will now open up the call to your questions. Operator, if you would please queue up the first question?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody. Just I guess a quick one from me and thinking about the underlying EPS growth guidance for fiscal ’17, as you pointed out, it’s roughly 7% to 10% or so, and I guess you’ve talked about base EPS growth in the sort of the 10% range, I think for ’17 and ’18. So I’m just trying to get a sense of what leads to the, call it, that 8% at the midpoint type of growth range, is it just conservatism, is it coffee outperformed pretty dramatically this year and therefore, we need to just tailor that back a little bit in our expectations for ’17 or the things that I haven’t mentioned, just trying to put that in perspective?
Mark Belgya: Hey, Andrew. This is Mark Belgya. Thank you for the question. What I would say is, as Mark and I think we reiterated, we will deliver the $100 million in synergies. We have a clear line of sight on that. Where we’re landing sort of that 8% is we are having a significant increase in marketing spend for the coming year. Obviously, with the sponsorship of the Olympics and reestablishing some of the marketing expense in this year. So that is the biggest driver. I think in terms of the coffee, I would put that more in the category of where we might land in the range. Obviously, we did have a strong year and we think to continue. We feel good about that. But that’s probably a factor that comes into play a little bit as well. And then the other one is probably to a lesser degree is just the FX impact. As I mentioned, we’re having about $20 million headwind. We hope to cover at least half of that, but there is a little bit of that back in as well.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Thanks for that. And just a very quick one. I noticed that distribution expense I think as a percent of sales was much lower than I guess it typically is this quarter, just trying to get a sense of why that is and is that a sort of a more sustainable level? Thank you.
Mark Belgya: Andrew, what that might be is that I think is, we are aligning the big, basically the big heart P&L where certain things fall in, cost at probably more consider distribution might have been moved, but we can follow up if there is something significantly different from that response.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citigroup. Your line is open.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning. Richard, congratulations on your retirement and Mark, what a big day. Congratulations here for you and I guess it was May 1st, but for us, it feels like today. So congratulations, guys and Vince, all the best. Wanted to ask a follow-up on Andrew’s question on the guidance. So Mark, a different way to look at this would be to say that that $100 million of synergies, I think that number alone, gets you something like $0.57 a share in incremental EPS benefit in 2017. And that gets you to kind of the top end of the range. So maybe could you try to answer just slightly differently and just say that, if synergies kind of gets you just to the top end of the range and then it suggests that the rest of the operations are really on balance, flattish? I know there is a share count benefit, there is milk dilution that goes on in there, but it still just seems like the underlying expectation of the core, ex the synergies is basically flat?
Mark Belgya: Yeah. David, it’s interesting, because we’ve obviously went through that same line of thought and the way I would describe it is that you’re exactly right, the $100 million is a $0.57 delivery. The marketing increase I will tell you is a significant increase there. So we feel very comfortable to be able to invest the marketing dollars back into business. So there is a little bit of a discussion here on whether or not the business is flat from a performance perspective or it’s flat because we have invested in the marketing, we would choose as the latter saying that the marketing increase is offsetting some of that at some degree. The other thing is, I think Mark suggested in his prepared comments and said, we are also investing in innovation and growth, and also in China. So obviously those dollars was embedded into the business portion of it when you just separate it between synergies and non-synergies. So you can draw the conclusion that’s coming from the business, but those are the two to three factors, marketing, innovation and investment in China, a little bit of FX as I mentioned that are really kind of bringing that number back down. 
David Driscoll: Okay. And so my second question, on coffee, you know, back at your Analyst Day, and I believe Steve had said that, it would be to till like 2019 before the company recovered the profitability seen in 2014. I think as of today, you already recovered the profits. So maybe just kind of two subtle questions in here, why does this outperform so much relative to the expectation? And then what I really care about is, how does this impact kind of going forward? I mean, you had a very different outlook on how profits were going to move in this business. I am not complaining by the way, this is really wonderful that the profits are up so much. But I think we all kind of in worry that the massive outperformance and coffee profits in 2016 will somehow retard the ability of profits to grow in 2017, was that clear guys? 
Steve Oakland: I think it is David. Hi, Steve Oakland. Let’s talk about the coffee business briefly. As you think about the numbers, we did get there a year or two ahead of what we guided, and we got there on two things really and the most obvious one is this, the launch of Dunkin' K-Cups and we all know that was one of the best launches in consumer products in the last five years. So that was a wonderful performance. But really more importantly financially, if you look at the performance of our core red can business and that’s an effort that started two years ago, I mean, in the year that we struggled in our coffee business, Mark and his team went back and did the downsizes, started those processes. And then we had an opportunity in this last year to get coffee pricing right to have both the manufacturing and the hedging strategy to get this thing – to get this to price points that both excited the retailer and the consumer, and the retailer is the key piece of this, you got it, get that merchandise of support. So we are really pleased with where we are there. I think you saw – I am sure, you saw that our press release on pricing that we just took. But with all of that behind us, we feel pretty comfortable that we can repeat that performance. And to your comment earlier, that would be repeating a record performance, we actually beat the 2014 number this year. So on our red can, our core business, and Dunkin' business, we feel – or Dunkin' K-Cups business we feel really good.  So last in that though this year was the food segment that didn’t perform as well as we wanted to and that’s our business in premium and our legacy K-Cups or Folgers K-Cup business. So what we intend to do this year is do the same things to those and so the pricing we leaned-in early on the Dunkin’ bag business, you saw some of that performance in the fourth quarter, we feel great about that going into this quarter. So we need to put ourselves back on premium growth momentum. We will invest to do that, and we need to make sure as the K-Cup segment shakes out, and it will shake out, I mean, there are so many new items or so much going on there that the velocities on our core legacy items are strong and we invested right at the end of the quarter on that as well. So well, I guess, I am saying, we feel comfortable we can repeat the record results in the red can, the Dunkin’ K-Cup business will be very solid this year. And then with what we have extra in there, we are going to invest in those other two segments. So I would hopefully come out of the coffee business firing on all cylinders versus firing just on two big ones.
David Driscoll: That is a long answer. 
Richard Smucker: David, this is Richard Smucker. Two quick comments. One, from a 50,000 square foot level, 70% to 80% of our business has really good momentum and we are firing on all eight cylinders. We are using that opportunity to make – mark that investments in our business for the future, not just for next year, but beyond and this gives us the opportunity to do that. We are not making these numbers by cutting margin expenses and it gives us the opportunity to invest back in these businesses and so - in these brands. So I think you need to look at it from that high level we do and that's driving a lot of our businesses. It’s also positioned us well for growth in the future, not just the next year but beyond. And then finally I don't like the word retirement, so I just want to let you know that. I am not retiring, I am just moving to a different role and most of the family’s eggs are in one nest and we are watching that nest carefully.
David Driscoll: Richard, that was a wonderful comment and we certainly don't want you going anywhere. Thanks guys. I really appreciate the answers.
Vince Byrd: All right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Richard Smucker: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just want to ask first if I could please on coffee, just to understand with the list price decline and having reached some of these promoted price points in fiscal '16 as input costs came down, I guess I am just trying to understand why coffee profits wouldn't be stronger in the year than the flat expectation. And also related to that would they be stronger in the first half and perhaps more challenge in the second half as you start to lap some of that. Just curious if you can give a little more help on the kind of the phasing there if that would be a factor for our models.
Steve Oakland: Okay, I will start that. Chris, it’s Steve Oakland and then maybe Mark can help me on how look at the seasonality of the profits. If you go back to the fourth quarter of 2014 when coffee prices hit like $2.20 a pound right around the company, then we saw it come down basically $1 a pound over that time. It’s bumped up in the last day or so a little bit, but if you think about that the fastest most efficient way to get that pricing for the consumer was with trade.  Okay. We can impact shelf price on a promoted period immediately with trade. Okay, so in the short term that's very efficient, in the long-term it’s very inefficient, but it promotes all kinds of buying, loading, all this inefficiency in the system. So over the last year we've taken a couple of list price declines to mitigate that, to make the promotional allowance less. So we’ve leaned into to current coffee pricing on our promotional price points and now this has allowed us to sort of drain that out, get a better list price to promoted price ratio so that our everyday prices get better and we maintain the current pricing. So we try to make that clear in the release that we did to give a little more clarity on that this time so that the costs have been reflected in total coffee pricing. This make I think over the long term in a more efficient manner 
Mark Smucker: On the other hand, this is Mark Smucker. The only other thing I would add, Steve, is just that from a commodity standpoint we just look at the trends on coffee costs. The decline that we have experienced has gone on for nine months, at least 12 months and you have seen this very consistent staying lower coffee cost and that has allowed us to behave properly or responsively if you will because we have had consistency in our underlying cost structure.
Mark Belgya: And then – Chris, this Mark Belgya. Just in terms of sort of the seasonality if you will of your question, we are going to be lapping last year's first quarter pricing movement. As Steve mentioned, we had this year price decline, so we had the full effect of basically two price declines, so while the cost was certainly going to be lower than they were a year ago, this price declines along with ways some of the trade will hit through the quarters will probably negatively impact first quarter and then balances about through rest of the year.
Steve Oakland: And that’s really helped. Those things did knock the volumes. We feel good about where the sell through and the volume numbers are, but just how the pricing is versus a year ago and how we recognized trade in those periods may soften the first quarter a little bit.
Chris Growe: Okay, that's a good thorough answer. Thank you for that. Just one quick follow-up if I could. Without [indiscernible] free cash flow, so I didn't want to ask if you just consider really from Mark Belgya the $1 billion versus the $1.25 billion, obviously it sounds like the majority working capital benefits came through in fiscal '16 with some still in fiscal '17. Is that the main reason for cash flow being down, also looks like CapEx will be up a little bit year-over-year? Just trying to get sense of what could be dragging down the cash flow over and above the working capital effects?
Mark Belgya: Yeah, that is the primary driver. That was probably $100 million of it. And then the other big thing we had this year, we actually had two significant type cash refunds that were called one-time, that will probably roughly 100 million as well. So those would come out that kind of gets you back to the billion dollar versus this year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Richard, I think it was you, who mentioned coffee picking up the last few days but at least as we look at the charts, Robusta and Arabica they are each up maybe 20% after recent lows. So just curious can you talk about or anyone feel like talk about what you're seeing in the coffee commodity market whether you think these current prices are reasonable given current supply demand dynamics I guess and sort of what your outlook is from here?
Richard Smucker: Yes Ken, I think actually I think Steve gave that comment.
Steve Oakland: You know Ken, the recent run of theirs, there is always volatility in the coffee business. We are fortunate to have teams on the ground and offices in both the two largest markets of Brazil and Vietnam. And so, again the coffee is relative to where we are priced to relative to where we are promoted to. And if we look – if our teams that are on the ground in those markets look at the coffee costs, there has been some weather noise in the last day or two that’s driven enough but it does appear I think our opinion is there is going to be a great Arabica crop this year. And so we think that coffee will trade in a price range that supports where we are priced between our position and our opinion. The good thing about this business is we have pricing; we have pricing and capabilities here. And not only do we have the coverage but we have the ability to move price should we need to. So we feel pretty good about the Arabica crop as it goes forward, Robusta might be a little tighter but we think the Arabica crop is going to be a big one this year and pricing should be reasonable.
Ken Goldman: And then my next question, the 50 million in additional efficiencies over the next few years, frankly that's a little bit of a smaller amount than what I had expected, it's a little bit smaller at least on a percentage of sales from what your packaged good peers have come up with. So, I realize you’re already lean I guess in some areas, headcount and so forth but as we look at this what’s holding this number back from being as high as what we've seen, what you've seen, what Accenture is seeing right from I guess some of your other food manufacturing peers out there?
Mark Smucker: Hey Ken, this is Mark Smucker and thanks for the question. I will start and then if anybody else wants to chime in. So a couple of things, as you know if you think about our performance historically has been very good and we have had historically a very strong cost discipline in multiple areas of our business. Part of what we've embarked on which really was the catalyst of Big Hard acquisition but to think a little bit deeper about our overall cost savings initiatives and how we might maybe do a little bit better you are right that our productivity measures versus our peers are probably better in many cases and we are generally leaner I would say than some of our peers but having said that we have an obligation obviously to our shareholders to make sure that we have the best cost discipline that we can have. And so what we've been doing and this is part of the explanation of the 50 million is an ongoing basis making sure from a continuous improvement that we have the discipline in our supply chain, our operations, our purchasing and longer term as we think about how do we get more efficient in trade all of those things should help drive what I would call some incremental savings for the bottom line. So it isn't - we don't think about it as a one-time benefit but we are comfortable that we can at least deliver that and beyond these next couple of years we should be able to continue to deliver annual cost savings objectives which we hold our teams too. The good news about that is it us as Richard mentioned, it is allowing us to invest and enhance capability and a very high level what those capabilities are focused on is getting better at engaging with our consumer and getting better and are engaging with our retail customers. And so, strategically, having the right balance between our leading number one brand, which are really the engine that fuel our growth as well as having the right emerging brand in our portfolio as part of that strategy. And so, making sure that we have dollars that can fund those enhanced capabilities both in consumer engagement and customer engagement is really going to help drive our growth, both top and bottom line long term.
Ken Goldman: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. Congratulations. I wanted to spend some time, you mentioned in your prepared remarks, a moderation in terms of added activity. I was hoping you could expand on that a little bit more in terms of where you’re seeing the moderation and then also as part of your prepared remarks, you talked about sharpening price points on some of your businesses, as you mentioned Dunkin, how do we split those two in terms of moderation and added activity and just opposed with it sounded like a bit more competitive activity coming from EMEA?
Steve Oakland: Jason, hi, Steve Oakland. I’ll try to touch on that. I think it’s difficult to paint the coffee category with one brush competitively. I think the prepared remarks probably were focused more on our mainstream red can business, right. And I do think we’ve seen with the coffee pricing falling where they are, we have found that price points have gotten down into those ranges where it motivates both the competitor and the consumer and the customer, right. So all of us are in price points that really works. Okay. And so we’re back in that zone and I think everybody is operating in that zone.  So having said that, I would argue that the premium segment was maybe the most competitive we’ve ever seen it last year. And so the Dunkin bagged business, as you know, earlier in the year, had a couple of tough quarters and we’ve talked about how we went into that in the fourth quarter. Premium green, for a whole another discussion, but green coffee is not all the same. The coffee that goes into a lot of the premium coffees as a much longer supply chain, you might expect lower coffee cost to impact us at different timing based on the type of green that it is.  So in the fourth quarter, we were in a position to support that, we did and it has responded. So if you think about it, the core red can pricing had moderated, competitive set had moderated, the premium business probably is in that space now and the last piece will be K-Cups and we’re going to lean into K-Cups, the proliferation of K-Cups has caused that whole segment to be competing for a slower growth base and one of the levers that’s been used in there is price. We were able now to compete in that area, but that’s maybe the last piece of the puzzle and we feel good about the plan we put in front of you today will give us the dollars to support that and return that business to growth.
Jason English: Got it. That’s really helpful. Thank you for that. One more question and I’ll pass it on. I want to switch gears and talk about pet real quick. First, the – roughly 3% organic sales growth, if possible could you give us a break on volume of price for the quarter and then your expectation of organic growth as you go into next year, any color in terms of what you’re expecting between premium snack and mainstream, it would be really helpful. Thank you.
Mark Belgya: Jason, this is Mark Belgya. Regarding the first part of that question, unfortunately because last year’s fourth quarter was split ownership, that breakdown isn’t quite as easy as it might sound to be. I will tell you that now that we’re all on the same system as of March 1 and obviously in fiscal ‘17, we’ll have that full line of analysis for all of this. So Barry, I don’t know if you could anything from just the absolute number, I think that’s probably the case.
Barry Dunaway: I think what the color you provided, Mark, is the best we can do at this point. Just to add Jason, as far as our growth expectations for next year, as you know, our snack business has tremendous momentum behind it. So we expect our snack business to be at high single digit growth next fiscal year, specifically with our milk bone and our pepperoni brands. On the pet specialty side of the business, we’re lapping the expanded distribution last year in the pet specialty channel. But we would expect mid-single digit growth this coming year as we will launch a national advertising campaign behind the Natural Balance. We also use our two major retailers in Pet Specialty, but there is also a significant amount of sales that move through the independent trade. We have a push behind our Nature's Recipe brand, we think there is some real opportunities there, that’s our gateway specialty brand, so we see some growth there. And then also our snacks play a significant role in Pet Specialty, so our widely distributed brands, and also there is tremendous growth opportunities there.  Food is going to be the lower growth this year as far as the portfolio is concerned. You know what our challenges were this past year, specifically with [indiscernible] and Bick's. We are encouraged that we have actually seen negative consumption trends start to decelerate at the end of this last fiscal year. We’ve put some bonus bags into the market, you’re going to see more of those going into market in June. So a lot of effort stabilizing our dry dog food business and trying to get that business back where it needs to be. So that provides the color you were looking for? 
Jason English: Yes, very helpful. Thank you very much. Gentlemen, I will pass it on. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard at Bernstein. Your line is open. 
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone. [Technical Difficulty] talking about the e-commerce at the Investor Day last year, are you able to dimensionalize how big that is for you as of now, how fast it grew last year? I presume the key categories in there are probably coffee and pet food, which one of those is bigger, would just like to get some color on that since we don’t see that in the measured channels. And then you mentioned China investments, can you just give us a little bit of color on how much funding over there now, what the strategy is over time? Thank you. And I will pass it on. 
Mark Smucker: Alexia, this is Mark Smucker. I will start. The first -- your first question just as it relates to e-commerce is that you’re right, we are – I would say, we are a little bit underdeveloped versus our peers in that space and so as I talked to Ken’s question earlier, relative to investments and what we are trying to ramp up, that is one of the things and so not to get into too much specifics, but as we think about, we actually have just reorganized some of our commercial functions that would include sales and some of our marketing areas, but also in the digital space, we have actually destocked our capabilities there and are currently in the process of re-evaluating our total e-commerce strategy and how we better serve our e-commerce customers. And when we think about e-commerce, that includes both the digital only retailers like Amazon, as well as our brick and mortar customers that have a significant online presence as well. So a little bit of a general answer, but suffice it to say that it is on our radar screen and it is the priority for us to continue to develop that business. 
Alexia Howard: And then on China?
Mark Belgya: On China, I think you asked. So just in terms of sort of the financial impact, I would say, it’s about $0.03 to $0.05 for the current year in fiscal ’17. 
Alexia Howard: And any color on exactly what’s happening out there after the initial foray out there a few years ago?
Mark Smucker: Yes, Alexia, it’s still a little bit early for us, I think to be giving too many details in that area. We’ve talked about the fact that we have had a minority investment in an oatmeal business there and that business has continued to grow year-over-year and so we have been pleased with that minority investment as it relates to other things, I think it’s still little bit early for us to give any specifics. 
Alexia Howard: Okay, thank you very much. I will pass it on. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mario Contreras with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 
Mario Contreras: Hi. Good morning. 
Mark Smucker: Good morning, Mario. 
Mario Contreras: So, I wanted to go back to some of your comments from your Analyst Day last year with respect to coffee, some of the caution around getting back to fiscal 2014 coffee EBIT levels, not until 2019, some of the reason for the was related to investment around the perfect measures. So, obviously you’ve already achieved that goal of getting to the profit recovery but I wanted to understand how the investment is going in perfect measures, is that still a major focus point for you guys?
Richard Smucker: Hi Mario, with regard to Perfect Measures, I think we still think it has the potential and still feel great about it. I’ll tell you the reason you put things in lead markets or in test markets is to learn and we learned a lot. And our trial numbers candidly were not what we needed them to be, but our repeat numbers were fantastic. And so, it tells us that we probably got the positioning a little wrong, we’ve probably got some of the initial communication a little wrong but we got the concept right. And so this year we are going to relaunch that with a little better packaging, a little better messaging and we are going to - it’s a heavy capital investment because the technology is unique. And we want to make sure we get it just right before we lean into it on a more national scale. We still think the concept has a lot of legs but we’re probably a year behind where we hope to be at this point. Those investment numbers are baked into the numbers of the guidance that Mark gave earlier, so continued investment.
Mario Contreras : And then it had been mentioned a couple of times that increased marketing spending in advertising is included in the guidance for this year. IS there any way you can quantify roughly what that’s going to be in terms of your dollar percent increase?
Mark Belgya: It’s going to be high-single digits which equates to about $40 million.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question Pablo Zuanic with SIG. Your line is open.
Pablo Zuanic: Good morning everyone, look a couple of questions on coffee for Steve and then I have a follow up on Pet Food. Steve, so Starbucks’ Howard Schultz in January, he talked about pretty much implied to – threaten to walk away from Couric job. And then in the April call, he came out and said at least 3 or 4 times in the conference call that they have been able to renegotiate terms at very favorable terms with Couric and that those terms gave some more flexibility. So I’m wondering here if Starbucks can do that with job why can't Smucker, if you can comment on that. I'm just surprised that they were able to renegotiate terms now there was a change in ownership there and apparently you haven’t. And related to that I understand that the idea of sharpening price points for Folgers and K-Cups the category has been sticky of course, well you know brown moves quite a bit but as you do that, I would expect other competitors to also cut prices in their K-Cup brands and then K-Cups as a category will become not sticky but pass through as ground, so I see a bit of risk there, if you can comment on that please. Thanks.
Richard Smucker: Sure, I guess I wouldn't assume - I wouldn't take the assumption that our - we haven't done the same kind of work on our K-Cup contracts and our relationship with JV because we have a legacy relationship with JV from the Sara Lee acquisition several years ago and now some of [indiscernible]. So the fact that may be we’re a little less public about some of that stuff wouldn't – I wouldn’t assume that the same things aren’t going on. So, because different companies manage their things differently, right. So, that process was in process and we feel good about that relationship, they are committed to have a major brand in the category in their system and we read the same things you read, so our assumptions are - going into those negotiations, our assumptions are similar to yours. So we feel fine there. And with regard to K-Cups, if you dig a little deeper into the IRI or Nielsen data, you’ll see that K-Cups although we don't pass through green because green is kind of small portion of the overall cost structure, it’s become maybe the most promoted category in total costs. So that’s the highest reliance, each one of those brands relies very heavily on promotion. So maybe I’m not clear enough when I talk about leaning in, we’ve leaned in on our promotional price points mostly and so those promotional price points were basically down a dollar a box from where they used to be. It still needs – it still a very profitable business but that migration has already, that train has already left. So we are where we are, we might have been a little late to follow because of the momentum we had from the Dunkin business.
Pablo Zuanic: And just a quick follow-up there, so your K-Cup margins would be lower than your ground coffee margins, right?
Mark Smucker: Yes, a little bit. Yes, little bit. Our ground coffee margins are obviously because of our scale very, very good and our K-Cup margins are although good like by product standards, by company standards are quite [indiscernible] 
Pablo Zuanic: Okay. And then just a follow-up on pet foods, I guess it’s been touched upon already, but can’t you tell us where did the mix and after the decline in dry dog and dogs snacks and specialty, if you can just give us what’s the mix on a run rate at the moment. And related to that if you can also comment on the channel mix, because we tend to think that snacks and specialty products are mostly in the specialty channel, but just remind us where you are if I am looking at the [indiscernible] Nielsen what percentage of your pet food business is that and where are your specialty, if you can provide that roughly on a current run rate and what it was averaging in ’16. Thanks.
Barry Dunaway: So you are looking for the channel mix, I just want to make sure we understand the question, you look for the channel?
Pablo Zuanic: Well, I am asking two different questions in the case of pet food, right. I mean because obviously you explained that snacks and specialty are doing well in terms of your natural organic brands, natural balance and the other brands are doing well and dry is not doing so well. So, I am just trying to understand what – where are the sales mix and in terms of products in fiscal year ’16? And then it’s a separate question, what is the channel mix, right, because it – dry dog is also sold in the specialty channel, right and snacks are sold in both, your natural balance but it is only sold in specialty, I understand that. I am just trying to get a little bit more color in terms of what your current product mix and separate what your current channel mix if you can provide that.
Barry Dunaway: Okay, from a channel perspective, our total business is about 20% of our business is in the pet specialty. And then Mark, you want to take –
Mark Belgya: Yeah, Pablo, this is Mark Belgya. Just to make – again I think I understand your question and it goes back to a little bit earlier [indiscernible] if you look at the mix product, okay, we benefit from mix perspective. So when the growth occurs, as Barry described from a channel perspective we are also benefitting from product introductions, so whether it’s specialty or snacks or even cat probably more than dogs, those are probably mix benefits. Obviously this is a heavy product, it is a lot of volume, so that’s where the negative associated, the very positive mix story and negative overall volume story because of the dry dog patent situation.
Pablo Zuanic: Sorry to insist, but so dry dog will be what percentage of sales now on a run rate now?
Mark Belgya: Yes, 10% of total sales.
Pablo Zuanic: Thank you.
Mark Belgya: The only other thing I would reiterate, because I do think it gets lost occasionally because particularly as I have had these conservations over the last few quarters, clearly [indiscernible] challenge, when you look at our food business, the cat food side of the business is a little bit larger and has done okay, so it has balanced out a little bit so while not trying to downsize the impact of [indiscernible] the volume and it would have had over the course of the year, the cat food has allowed us to manage through the overall food a little bit more than maybe the takeaway would be –
Mark Smucker: The only thing I would add, this is Mark Smucker, is just reminding everyone that the brands that participate in those two channels are very different. It’s very similar to the natural space in human food where you’ve got the national channel with the whole food and the sprouts and the likes, in general there is not a lot of overlap in the brand, so the brand tend to be unique. It goes to individual channels.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard and just adding to that for a second just any acquisition that we’ve made and again this acquisition is only 18 months old. Once we’ve integrated these businesses with sales teams, we’ve seen some opportunities again as per our existing sales, we’ve said, okay, we are kind of weak in this channel and with the relationships we have with these customers we could relate those businesses and it takes a little while to identify that and then build those additional sales with those customers and we are just in the process of doing that, so we are pretty optimistic about finding those key customers that we can build our business with and so we should see some more growth this year in a number of these channels.
Vince Byrd: I do Richard, just maybe to add on to the Meow Mix conversation is some of our best innovation this year is against the Meow Mix brand and to your point, our sales team has done an outstanding job, getting acceptance of that product in the market and especially in the grocery channel. So where we have an outstanding, so significant execution there. So, again, Mark, to your point, it is one of our largest brands in our portfolio and with some of that innovation, we see some nice growth coming from that brand there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Grainger: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the question. I guess I just wanted to follow up on the net sales growth expectation and just to try and dig in a little bit more into segment level. Thank you for the commentary on pet, but I guess Mark Belgya, is there any more visibility you can give us on that 1% ex-divestiture sales growth, how FX plays into that and how we should be thinking about it by segment across the rest of the business?
Mark Belgya: I guess what I would say is that, about -- the coffee pricing would be about a point of the overall company. So you can kind of dollarize that to get how much the coffee would be. That’s by far the biggest driver from the downside, so if you take the milk loss, the $150 million that I mentioned earlier, and then you had 1% of sales, call it, somewhere between $70 million and $90 million on coffee pricing. That’s a big negative. So, just do the math and kind of attribute to the rest of the business. Obviously, the FX having a little bit of effect, but it’s actually not, it’s not a big driver of the overall 1% decline in total net sales.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. All right. That helps. Thanks. And I guess just really quick follow-up on the Dunkin takeup issue, you talked about some of the untapped adjacency opportunities in flavorings and line extensions, your market share has sort of stabilized over the past 6 months, and it’s pretty close to where your share has been in roast and ground. Right now, can you just give us a sense of sort of where you see, in term of growth opportunities, how much of that is depending on holding that share, participating in category growth as opposed to continuing to push share higher in to that high single digit range and what you think is feasible?
Mark Smucker: Matthew, I think it will be, it will vary by business. I think there is still runway for the Dunkin business, there is some core flavors on Dunkin and Dunkin tends to be a more flavor driven business. So there is some new item opportunity on the Dunkin brand and then quite frankly, now that the Folgers brand is in the right price point, getting the right support growth from the retailer and the consumer acceptance, it will be better execution of our promotional strategy on Folgers. So we’ll execute better on Folgers once the item is planned.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Akshay Jagdale: Hi. Thanks for the question. So a couple of, two questions, one on cost fees. Can you just explain to us or break out of the 18% growth that you saw in operating income, segment operating income, how much of that was a result of pricing net of commodity costs and what is the general expectation for pricing, net of commodities for ’17. That’s the first question and then I have a follow-up on pet?
Mark Smucker: I would say it’s a balance, I would say part of it is pricing and the timing of the pricing is important to think about, we talked, I believe in our first quarter call a year ago, that we leaned into, we took pricing early, we have good coverage and we had an opinion in the market that we were going to get that money back in green, which we did in the fourth quarter. So, in the fourth quarter, obviously, green pricing to the cost was a bigger impact, but we sort of spent that money upfront. So I would say, it’s a combination of that, green pricing, when you get, number one your high volume item, when you get volume up on those facilities, it really -- it falls for the bottom line, So that’s very efficient for us. So Mark, I know Mark is digging for the exact percentage number as we speak, but it’s a balance between the volume that’s generated and the implications of that volume all the way through to the system on red can and then the pricing.
Mark Belgya: Yeah. It’s probably a little bit heavier on the price, cost, maybe two-thirds, one-thirdish. But again I think that goes back to the quite a while ago, it was just sort of the way the timing on the prices.
Mark Smucker: And the volume allowed us to bring more green at the end and the green at the end was more favorable. So it’s really hard to get it down to the net on that because we recognize those PPBs when the green comes in, and if your volume is up, you bring more of the green in. 
Akshay Jagdale: So two-thirds of the operating profit growth year-over-year in 2016 was commodity price? 
Mark Belgya: The numbers that we just quoted were a quarter, fourth. Was your question on full year or just the quarter? 
Akshay Jagdale: On the full year. Sorry, that was on the full year. 
Mark Belgya: Okay, it’s probably a little more 50-50-ish. 
Mark Smucker: Yes, 50-50 on the year with backend loaded because of the timing of the -
Mark Belgya: Sorry, I thought you were asking specifically this quarter. 
Akshay Jagdale: And then on pet, can you give us a little bit more color on the quantity of earning, what happened with gross profit growth for the year, what’s your expectation next year?
Mark Belgya: So the quality of the earnings – and I will start, Barry is going to jump in. If you look over the course, I mean, this quarter specifically, we knew marketing was going to be down little bit from what it was, because it’s the timing of getting the product. So we also had the synergy recognition, which picked up in the latter part. So if you go back to the early part of the year, we expected quarter-over-quarter improvement on margin, which we delivered in Q2, Q3, and Q4. I think from a cost perspective going forward, the costs are lying very similar to what we see in our consumer food, so [indiscernible] continue to be favorable. I think as Barry mentioned, we are going to continue to bounce back and things like that and I have a little bit of gross profit. But then of course I think we have said overtime, of the three segments of the business, the Natural has the lowest profitability, and I think Barry and team worked, and as well as we integrate that into the overall Smucker Company from opportunities there as well. 
Barry Dunaway: Absolutely, Mark. Our [indiscernible] solid for F17. If you think about the mix, our staffs continue to drive the business, that is where the strongest margins on the business are as well. We have seen – even cat snack is a small category, but tremendous upside there, so I think we have very solid quality of earnings for next year. We haven’t made any significant cuts to get to our growth number for next year, year-over-year.
Akshay Jagdale: And just one last one for Mark. You talked about organizational structural change, can you give us some more color on that? Thanks. 
Mark Smucker: Hey, Akshay. It’s Mark Smucker. Not really – I don’t think we really can give you any more color other than to say that, as we – this was a huge year, and not only did we make the largest acquisition in our history, but that acquisition was again the catalyst to sort of think about things like are we going to market in the efficient way, do we have the right capabilities to engage our consumer and our customer. We have recently opened our innovation center, which is very much all about our customer retail partners. And so the long and short of it is, as we looked at our organization and we took some opportunity across not only our commercial functions, which would be sales and marketing, and thinking about how we would organize those differently. But we looked across our supply chain networks, our finance organization, our – some of our administrative functions as well, just to make sure that we were running them in the most efficient way. I would say that the – one of the key things is that we have, as I mentioned in the script, we have an individual from Big Heart, who is leading our growth in innovation organization and so we are putting sort of a renewed focus on, not that haven’t, we have done a good job on innovation, but making sure that our muscle, where we are building muscle is really around innovation longer term, and making sure that our understanding of the consumer is sharp and that we can act against insight that we are learning about the consumer as we go forward. So I think that’s it. 
Akshay Jagdale: Thank you. I will pass it on. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the Farha Aslam with Stephens, Inc. Your line is open. 
Gregory Nep: Good morning, this is Gregory Nep on for Farha. I just have a quick question, so given sort of the excellent cash flow and success taking on leverage can you share with us whether there may be opportunities for further M&A and just your view on M&A environment right now?
Mark Belgya: This is Mark Belgya. I will start and Richard or Mark if you want add more from a strategic perspective, but as we look at our deployment of cash coming out of the deal last year, we obviously emphasize the importance of paying down debt over the course of you know three to five years which we have made great progress on as I said earlier it allowed us to get back into repurchasing shares. We feel very comfortable with the billion dollars of free cash flow that we will be able to continue that debt pay down plan, obviously continue our dividend payout policy. And it allows us a little bit of flexibility as strategic options come in, so whether that’s M&A, again I don't think we're looking at a huge transformational like a pet at least from a leverage perspective but certainly there is M&A opportunity as well as some buyback. And I think you know buyback is situational, so we traditionally do not build that into our plan but if you ask me what is one of the opportunities for the upside of that range you would have to provide that with an opportunity in there.
Richard Smucker: And this is Richard, just strategically acquisitions are the key factor of our growth over the long term. And so we still continue to look for those opportunities in fact we’re now in the Pet Food business because this is another late decision. And so we’ll continue to look there and again those may not be strategic of the short-term but there may be more bolt-ons and smaller acquisitions but there could be so many – the short answer it’s always important to us.
Gregory Nep: Is there a target leverage ratio that you would feel responsible for stabilizing it?
Richard Smucker: Well, what we said is that you know there has been a little bit of maturation for us as a company we were always very conservative and I think now two or three, we know it’s a pretty good number to work around and we've been pretty vocal to that last six to nine months as we get closer to that three times that just opened up the door a little bit more.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research. Your line is open.
Chuck Cerankosky: If you guy are looking at your largest customer, how much of their improvement in sales is reflected in some of the volume improvement you've seen, especially with regard to promotional and repricing activity?
Richard Smucker: This is Richard, just first of all you know it always helps when you're customers are happy and doing well, any customer and so we’re glad to see that they kind of turned the corner and that's great but they didn’t drive our growth, this growth is broad-based, so that was not driving us.
Steve Oakland: And hi Chuck, Steve Oakland, we have brands like Folgers that index really, really well there and those teams are working together very strongly to participate in that or like to drive - help drive their category growth. But I would argue that the other traditional retailers, we typically don't name them but the top 10 retailers if you looked at our top 10 list, our numbers are pretty good across that whole top 10 list. But we’re pleased to see those guys do well, I mean we all as an industry need them to do well to do well long term.
Chuck Cerankosky: And when you look at how consumers are spreading their money across your brands premium and mainstream what does that say about where the consumers head at is right now?
Richard Smucker: So I think the consumer is still somewhat cautious and the great thing about our brand is our brands are pretty well-positioned to supply all of our consumers. And so, it is a cautious world out there and we're still a good value. I mean, our Folgers, or whether it’s Jif or whether it’s Smuckers it's a good value to consumer, so our industry which has had a commodity price environment that’s allowed us to be - maintain our margins and reflect those prices to the customer base. So we've all enjoyed not just coffee but the other commodities have been. But then in the place where we've been able to market the brand, provide great price points and innovate, right. So we've got innovation regardless of the business and things that are very high mix and high cost and then provide items in all of our brands and all of our businesses to the discount channels for the growth in the dollar industry and those places, so we’ve been able to participate across the spectrum of channels that pretty well in the cost base today and as we look forward looks like it’s going to help us do that.
Mark Smucker: And, Chuck, this is Mark Smucker. Just to reiterate, making sure that we are developing and growing our key mainstream brands but also making sure that we have the right, the truRoots, the Sahale, the Natural Balance, those are brands that aren’t necessarily as big, but certainly served a consumer need and are important to our portfolio.
Chuck Cerankosky: All right, thank you very much.
Mark Smucker: Thanks, Chuck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research. Your line is open.
Rob Dickerson: Thanks a lot. Just a clarification question and more for Mark. So it sounds like you’ve said in your commentary net adjusted operating profit will be growing about 4% and then I know if you kind of like use that 116.6 in your diluted shares outstanding that implies about another 2.5%, so that gets me to 6.5% EPS growth in’17. Is the assumption here that there are other kind of below the line like the tax rate could be a little bit better, interest rates comes down a little bit or the interest expense comes down a little bit? And then lastly, if we look at the shares you bought back in Q4, really in fiscal ’16, I mean that’s the most amount you’ve ever spent on a buyback outside of fiscal ’14. So could there be like additional cash outlays in ’17 to incremental buybacks even though you might not have as many of the one-time benefits on your working cap? Thanks.
Mark Belgya: So, Rob, so a couple of things. I think the way you are thinking about it from a percent increase, it’s pretty much in line, maybe simple math would say 4% plus operating profit growth, 3% shares and a point tax and interest so that kind of gives you the 8%. In terms of buyback, what we’ve guided indirect and we have conservations particularly with the ratings is we kind of use a 2% as a long term model, so that’s a 2% buyback, so obviously in 116 million shares of 2.2 million shares. So, that as I said on your earlier question, we don’t factor that into our plan. I would say, our cash deployment would allow a portion of that, maybe not the whole 2% without pushing the leverage part we are going after, but certainly, and again it’s situational, so I don’t want to sit here and say we are going to go out and buy it, but the opportunity will rise. I believe we have the cash to do it and then obviously it would be incremental. Certainly when we do it in the year we will have less of an impact to do further end of the year, but that’s the beauty of being in leverage where we wanted to be to get some flexibility.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, great. And then just a quick follow-up, on the 4% in the operating profit growth, if I heard you correctly, you said the coffee expectation is about the same if consumer is - should be down a little bit just because or mostly driven by milk and then pets is up mid single digits, so if I kind of do that quick math and still get in, I am getting to probably as a sub-4%, so is there – are you – I am just trying to get a sense as to how you are or how I should be thinking about the segment’s growth relative to kind of this rolling up 4% number. Thanks.
Mark Belgya: Well, I think that – I think you will have some segment profit growth that will be a little less than 4% because as we said in our scripted comments, our SG&A is going to be flat year-over-year, so some of that said SG&A clearly goes up into the businesses, but also some of it falls below in what we would call admin support, but it’s below the segment profit, so you need a little bit of that benefit to get to the 4% on an operating profit growth perspective, but you are right, there is a little bit – but again to go back, part of the reason is because some $40 million of marketing is there, [indiscernible] just to make sure we are all clear on why that is the case.
Rob Dickerson: Right, so and then a bigger picture since we kind of go back to the Analyst Day probably you are investing for growth et cetera, so the net-net of all this is you have some upside on the corporate side, you are investing a bunch back, but you are not investing it all back so you can still squeeze out kind of this 3%, 4% operating profit growth. That’s the goal internally and externally?
Mark Belgya: Yes, I think that’s fair. The other comment on the 4%, again it gets lost a little bit because we are saying that the buyback is offsetting the milk profit/loss. If you strip out the milk profit that we incurred in the first eight months of fiscal ’16 that we owned the business. We’re actually growing operating income at 6%. So, we’re offsetting it, so we’re being negatively impacted when you look at it on a reported basis. But if you strip that out, we’re actually up plus 6%.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the conference call back to management to conclude.
Richard Smucker: Thank you very much. This is Richard. I just wanted to close by saying that I’ve never been as optimistic about our business, our brands, our employees throughout the company, the best in the industry and the leadership team, plus the new leadership team we have. I just think we’re in a great position and want to thank everybody and thank our employees for the wonderful job they’re doing and thank all the people on the phone for paying attention and asking great questions. So thank you and more to come. The best is yet to come.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Richard. This is Mark Smucker. Just to echo Richard’s comments, I appreciate of course Richard’s support, but thank all of you on the phone for your time today and your thoughtful questions and again just to our employees, the phenomenal job that they’ve done to deliver this incredible year and the future is bright. So just all of the tremendous efforts have just taken place this year and going forward. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access this rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing, 855-859-2056 or 404-537-3406 with a passcode of 10365564. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-02-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Broholm - Director-Investor Relations Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Mark T. Smucker - President, Consumer and Natural Foods & Director Steven Oakland - President, Coffee and Foodservice Barry C. Dunaway - Chief Administrative Officer David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks Vincent C. Byrd - Vice Chairman
Analysts: Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Mark E. Williams - Athlos Research Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Lubi Kutua - Jefferies LLC Bryan Keith Carlson - Tudor Investment Corp. Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research LLC John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers after the presentation. Please limit yourself to two initial questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you then have additional questions. I will now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our third quarter earnings conference call. With me today and presenting our prepared comments are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call is Vince Byrd, Vice Chairman; Steve Oakland, President, Coffee and Foodservice; Mark Smucker, President, Consumer Foods; Dave West, President, Pet Foods; and Barry Dunaway, President, International. As a reminder, on March 1, Barry will be assuming leadership of the pet food segment. At that time, the International business will begin reporting to Mark Smucker. For the purpose of today's call, questions in these areas will be fielded by the current business president. During this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure statement in this morning's press release concerning forward-looking statements. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally as detailed in the press release, which is located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. A replay of this call will also be available on our website. If you have any questions after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. It was a great pleasure to see many of you last week at CAGNY. We appreciated the opportunity to provide an update on a number of key initiatives that are going on across our businesses. One of our takeaways from CAGNY was how aligned the CPG companies were on the trends that we're all seeing in the changing consumer perceptions and shopping habits. The real key to success is how each company responds to these changes and perceptions. We are trying to capitalize early on trends and not the fads with bigger, longer-lasting bets. We also believe that our company, and especially our brands, are well in line with the consumer's desires and we are in a better position than most to capture more of the growth from these trends. Today our comments will primarily focus on the third quarter financial results that we announced earlier this morning and our updated outlook for the rest of the year. I'll begin with an overview of consolidated results. First, net sales increased 37% to nearly $2 billion, driven by the addition of the Big Heart Pet Brands. Excluding acquisitions, divestitures and foreign exchange, the sales decline of 1% was reflected in volume decline in Consumer Foods and a price decline in Coffee. Second, non-GAAP operating income grew $108 million or 44% for the third quarter. The addition of the Big Heart business, strong coffee segment profit growth and a one-time gain on the divestiture of the U.S. Canned Milk business were all key drivers. Third, reflecting increased interest expense and a higher share count, non-GAAP earnings per share increased 14% to $1.76. Excluding amortization, adjusted earnings per share were $2.05, an increase of 21% from the comparable measure in the prior year. Both of these EPS metrics include a $0.14 per share gain on the divestiture of the Milk business. Lastly, we generated record free cash flow of nearly $500 million in the quarter, bringing the full year total to $962 million. Turning to our US retail segments, I'll start with coffee, which had another strong quarter as our growth initiatives, along with favorable manufacturing overhead and commodity costs, benefited results. Looking at the key drivers, Folgers roast and ground coffee volume, based on tonnage, was up slightly compared to the prior year, while unit shipments increased even more reflecting the transition to a reduced canister size for key Folgers offerings. With our price reduction related to small canisters and an additional list price decrease implemented in July to pass through lower green coffee costs, consumers are seeing lower price points on shelf and our market share continues to grow. During the latest 12-week period, our brands gained three points of dollar share within the mainstream coffee segment. For our overall K-Cup portfolio, the Dunkin' Donuts brand continues to drive growth with a 12-week ACV of over 90% and a 6% dollar share of the K-Cup category. Consumer trial and repeat rates also remain strong. We are pleased with the momentum for this business, which has helped us at declines for Folgers K-Cups. As with other mainstream brands, Folgers K-Cups continue to be impacted by the proliferation of offerings in the K-Cup space and the resulting competitive pricing. Our team is focused on improving this trend, including price improvements. The performance of Dunkin' Donuts bag coffee was soft in the quarter, reflecting aggressive competitive pricing. However, through recent target pricing investments, which are supported by favorable green coffee cost, our price gaps have improved and we are well positioned as we move ahead. Lastly, Cafe Bustelo brand established a new record for the quarterly sales under our ownership with double-digit gains for both roast and ground and K-Cup offerings in the quarter. Promotional activities such as our Cafe Bustelo pop up cafes that have successfully broadened the brand awareness, and the brand continues to gain traction, especially with millennials. Turning to Consumer Foods, overall results were mixed. Specifically, the Smucker's brand performed well in the quarter. Smucker's Uncrustables frozen sandwiches achieved a 16th consecutive quarter of double-digit volume growth. In addition, net sales for Smucker's fruit spreads were in line with last year's third quarter and the brand continues to gain volume and dollar share within the fruit spreads category. Within natural foods, our branded business also had a strong third quarter led by double digit sales gain for our RW Knudsen family and Santa Cruz Organic brands. Volume for the Jif brand was down from the prior year, primarily attributable to a reduction in inventory levels at several key customers. We believe this is mostly the result of timing, as scan data trends remain positive for our peanut butter business. Lastly, in the baking aisle, the overall category remains down, which we believe is partially attributable to continued growth in retailers' in-store bakeries. Our results have been further impacted by aggressive, competitive pricing, as was expected. Our focus remains on providing value added innovation in these categories and competing responsibly. Results for our Pet Food business also fell short of expectations in the quarter. Mainstream pet food sales continued to reflect heightened competitive activity in dry dog food, which has impacted the performance of our Kibbles 'n Bits brand. As we discussed last week, we are looking at all levers, including pricing, and are committed to improving the competitive position of our dry dog food business. Cat food sales were also down in the quarter, however, similar to peanut butter, we view this as a timing issue with certain key customers as market share trends remain positive. Offsetting much of these declines were the continued strong performance of our premium pet food and our Pet snack brands, which both achieved high single digit sales growth in the quarter. We have been pleased with the rollout of the Natural Balance brand into PetSmart. Also innovation for Milk-Bone and Meow Mix brands has continued to be a key contributor to Pet snack results. Overall, while Mainstream Fog food has been challenged, we are pleased by solid results in Pet Specialty and pet snacks, which are the growing segments of the business. With respect to both pet foods and the broader organization, we continue to make good progress on our integration activities and synergy targets. Our March 1 integration is now just a week away, and through the hard work and dedication of many individuals throughout our company, we are well-prepared for this exciting milestone. Lastly, as Mark will discuss in a moment, we continue to expect our full year earnings per share before factoring in the gain of the sale of the Milk business to be in line with the guidance provided at the end of the second quarter. In addition, we remain confident about our brands and the initiatives we have in place to support future growth across our key platforms of coffee, consumer foods and pet foods. Finally, I'd like to close by thanking all of our employees. This continues to be an exciting and dynamic time and we appreciate their ongoing efforts. With that, I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Richard, and good morning, everyone. I will start by providing additional color on our third quarter results and then conclude by updating our outlook for the year. Net sales increased by $534 million in the quarter, reflecting the addition of Big Heart. Including Pet, sales were down as lower net pricing, primarily for coffee, detracted two percentage points from net sales. Foreign exchange was also unfavorable in the quarter, reducing net sales by about one percentage point. Conversely, volume and mix combined to add one point of growth as strong contributions from Dunkin' Donuts K-Cups were mostly offset by declines in several key categories. GAAP earnings per share were $1.55 this quarter, 2% below the prior year. Included in GAAP earnings were $45 million of special project costs related to merger integration activities, compared to $6 million of such costs in the prior year. Also included were $7 million of unallocated derivative gains compared to $13 million last year. Excluding these items, non-GAAP EPS was $1.76 or an increase of 14%, which included a $0.14 per share gain on the divestiture of our U.S. Canned Milk business. Excluding the amortization expense of $52 million, adjusted EPS was $2.05, up 21% for the quarter. Non-GAAP gross profit grew 49%, reflecting the addition of pet food and favorable volume mix for the coffee segment. The commodity costs were also favorable in the third quarter, most notably for green coffee, and were only partially offset by lower net pricing. Combined, this resulted in a 310 basis point increase in gross margin to 38.5%, well ahead of our previous expectations for the quarter. SG&A increased at a greater rate than sales, primarily attributable to incremental marketing spend across all three US retail segments. For the third quarter, synergy recognition totaled approximately $12 million, bringing the year-to-date total to $20 million, mostly benefiting G&A expenses. As we indicated last week, we're now on track to achieve $35 million in synergies for the full year. Amortization expense increased $27 million in the third quarter as a result of the pet food acquisition. Factoring all of this in and including a $25 million gain on the sale of the Milk business, non-GAAP operating income increased $108 million or 44%, while operating margin increased 80 basis points to 18%. The gain in operating income was partially offset below the line by a higher interest expense and an increase in the number of shares outstanding related to the Big Heart acquisition. Let me now provide a brief overview of the results for our segments starting with coffee. Net sales grew 1%, as favorable volume and mix of 5% was mostly offset by lower net pricing. For the Folgers brand, net sales declined 9%, mostly attributable to a 6% reduction in net price realization. Unfavorable mix, driven by declines in Folgers K-Cups, also was a factor. Sales for the Dunkin' Donuts brand increased 55% for the quarter, driven by Dunkin' Donuts K-Cups. And lastly, Cafe Bustelo sales were up 16% as the momentum for this brand continues. Segment profit increased 17% for the quarter. Higher volume mix and lower manufacturing overhead more than offset a double digit increase in marketing and significantly higher selling expense due to the Dunkin' Donuts royalties. And in addition, we continue to recognize lower green coffee costs in the quarter, which was only partially offset by the lower net pricing. As we move ahead, we anticipate fourth quarter segment profit growth to be comparable to the year-to-date rate, reflecting the momentum in the business, additional contributions from Dunkin' K-Cups and favorable coffee costs. Factored into this outlook is ongoing marketing spend related to new products along with plans to continue supporting key price points as well as other targeted pricing investments to address competitive activity related to Dunkin' Donuts bag coffee and Folgers K-Cups. Overall, we are very pleased with this level of profit recovery following the decline in the prior year. Turning to Consumer Foods, net sales were down 5% as lower volume, the impact is the Canned Milk divestiture and lower net price realization all contributed. Looking at our key brands, volume for Jif peanut butter was down 7% compared to a strong prior year quarter where volume was up 7%. As Richard indicated, we believe the current year decline is mostly the result of timing, as consumer takeaway was up slightly in the quarter based on volume trends reported in IRI's latest four- and 12-week scan periods. Volume for Smucker's Uncrustables was up an impressive 33% for the quarter, while Smucker's fruit spreads were down 2%. However, similar to peanut butter, we're encouraged that consumer takeaway trends were much better as scan volume was up nearly 4% in the latest four- and 12-week periods for Smucker's fruit spreads. And lastly in the bake aisle, volume for the Crisco and Pillsbury brands declined 3% and 9% respectively. Segment profit increased 6% compared to the prior year, including the $25 million gain on the Milk divestiture. A 42% increase in marketing expense, the unfavorable impact of volume, and planned increases in manufacturing overhead cost offset much of this gain. The higher overhead costs were primarily attributable to the new peanut butter facility in Memphis, as well as temporarily under-absorbed overhead costs related to our working capital initiatives. On a full year basis, we continue to expect Consumer Foods segment profit to be down, as the gain from the Milk sale will be more than offset by higher overhead, the unfavorable impact of lower pricing net of cost and higher marketing expenses. Net sales for our U.S. Retail Pet Foods segments were $571 million in the third quarter. Sales for pet snacks and premium pet brands both increased high single digits, driven by distribution gains and new item launches. Conversely, mainstream pet food sales decline of low double digits resulted in a modest overall decline for the segment. Pet Foods segment profit was $97 million for the quarter. As anticipated, we realized a sequential increase in segment profit margin from 15.6% in the second quarter to 17% this quarter, and we continue to expect another sequential step up in the fourth quarter. Despite the softer than anticipated top line, and a slight reduction in profitability expectations for 2016, we remain on track to deliver on our target of growing full year Pet Food gross margin by 100 basis points compared to the prior year. Lastly, net sales for International and Foodservice declined 4% in the quarter, as the addition of pet food in Canada was more than offset by a $17 million impact of FX. Combined segment profit for our International and Foodservice businesses was up 4% over the prior year, primarily in our Canadian business. Favorable mix, along with lower selling expenses, contributed to the profit gains. The impact of foreign exchange partially offset these items. We continue to expect FX to remain a significant headwind in the fourth quarter and into fiscal 2017. Turning to cash flow, cash provided by operations was $542 million for the quarter, compared to $428 million in the prior year. The increase primarily reflected lower working capital needs, as the impact of higher non-cash depreciation and amortization in the current year was offset by the benefit of terminating an interest rate swap in the prior year. Factoring in capital expenditures of $43 million, free cash flow was $499 million for the quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $962 million. We're increasing our full year outlook for free cash flow from $925 million to $975 million. The increase primarily reflects the strong cash flow performance through the first nine months of the year, which includes nearly $100 million of our working capital improvement target, up from our previous estimate of $60 million. Partially offsetting this is we now project CapEx of $240 million for the year, an increase from our most recent guidance of $220 million, as we pull forward spending on certain projects into 2016. As a result, CapEx in the fourth quarter is projected at approximately $80 million. This step-up in CapEx, along with planned inventory build and incremental tax payment are the primary cause of free cash flow increasing only modestly for the fourth quarter. In addition to this strong free cash flow, we used the after tax proceeds from the divestiture of the Milk business of approximately $165 million to further pay down debt during the third quarter. As a result, we ended the quarter with total debt of just under $5.3 billion, and leverage currently stands at approximately 3.5 times. Let me conclude with an update on our full year sales and earnings outlook for 2016. We now expect net sales of approximately $7.8 billion, with a reduction from our previous guidance of $7.9 billion, primarily attributable to Consumer Foods and Pet Foods segments. For Consumer Foods, this reflects the softer-than-anticipated third quarter results, which we expect to continue into the fourth quarter, particularly for our Oils and Baking businesses. For Pet, this reflects the continuing challenges in our dry dog food. With stronger-than-expected Coffee segment profits and an increase in synergies, we expect to offset the net sales shortfall at the bottom line. As a result, we continue to expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be consistent with our previous guidance range of $5.70 to $5.80. Adding the $0.14 gain on the sale of the Milk business to this range, our updated guidance is now $5.84 to $5.94 for the year. Excluding the amortization expense of approximately $1.15 per share, this would result in adjusted earnings per share between $6.99 and $7.09. As discussed last week, we expect to recognize a non-cash deferred tax benefit related to the integration of Big Heart into The Smucker Company during the fourth quarter. While not factored into our revised guidance range, we're estimating this benefit to be approximately $50 million. In summary, we continue to be pleased with the earnings performance of the company, and in particular, the ongoing strong results for coffee. Our overall results reflect the success of our key growth initiatives for the current year, including the launch of Dunkin' K-Cups, achieving lower price points for Folgers' Roast and Ground coffee, introduction of Natural Balance at PetSmart, at the same time while delivering on our cost savings and our working capital initiatives. And as we move ahead, we're encouraged by the plans in place to deliver continued growth. With that, we will now open the call up to your questions. Operator, if you'd please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. Our first question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Richard, I guess you talked about some of the similarities across the companies at CAGNY last week, but I guess one of the differences we found out today was that your advertising spending is up significantly across the bulk of the business, whereas a lot of folks are cutting back on that. But I guess the question is you didn't really see benefit in terms of shipments and so how should we think about the fact that you're spending to support the business, which is good, but not really seeing the follow-through in terms of units out?
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I'll give it a general answer and then I'll ask the team to respond specifically, but our advertising primarily is a little more longer term and the benefits of the advertising don't just hit quarter-by-quarter. And a lot of that is brand building and we try to do it over time. We try to be consistent. And so we wouldn't expect to see it necessarily in the quarter. But if the team has any of the specific efforts that we made this past quarter, please speak up.
Mark T. Smucker - President, Consumer and Natural Foods & Director: Yeah, Richard. This is Mark Smucker. I would just add, Eric, that we did pull back significantly on advertising last year so we are returning our advertising more to historical levels. And, as Richard said, it is around some building of equity. We have a new Smucker's TV commercial on air. And then it's just supporting some of our new things, as well, I know Milk-Bone. But Richard is also right that the support on advertising generally has a residual impact, but we think it's important.
Steven Oakland - President, Coffee and Foodservice: Sure. And hi, Eric, Steve Oakland; I would say there's a number of factors in the Coffee business right now that are all going right, but it would be hard not to say some of the marketing materials, especially on the Dunkin' K-Cup launch. We've got awareness out very, very quickly on that. So I would hope that the Dunkin' media has been very helpful.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just as my second question, a follow-up more on the cash flow side of things, free cash flow very, very strong and your debt has come down pretty quickly. I guess, Richard, as you kind of think about that cash and returning it to shareholders, is there any, I guess, adjustment in terms of the debt paydown versus buyback and kind of balancing those two opportunities?
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'll start on that and then I'll let Mark finish up. But we look at using cash in a variety of ways. Our first choice is to look at new acquisitions, because we think that builds the business for the long term, but share buybacks is still part of our plan over time. We still think our company is a great investment. And with the better cash flow that we have, it gives us a little bit of better ability to do that sooner rather than later. But no announcements at this point.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Eric, it's Mark. I think – basically agree with Richard. We've been pretty adamant in the last year or so as we – or last half year, I guess, as we came out of the transaction with the speeding up of the paydown and the fact that we did around three times, I think, we're at the level that we're comfortable with, three times the leverage. So we'll hit that at the end of next year. So that just will sped up anything in terms of whether it's acquisition, buyback or other uses of the cash
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. That's all.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Next will be Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, I have two questions on Pet. And Barry, not to throw you into the fire and I realize it's early, but are you expecting to make any meaningful changes to the strategy for the business overall? Because I think it's safe to say, at least from an outsider's perspective, growth has been disappointing. Your management has talked recently about reducing prices in Kibbles 'n Bits but mainstream dog or dry dog is, I guess, what, 28% of the portfolio? So I'm just not sure how discounting one brand is enough. It just feels – I guess, again, from one outsider's perspective, like bigger changes across the board need to be made to hit your numbers.
Barry C. Dunaway - Chief Administrative Officer: Well, from a strategic perspective, I would say no fundamental changes in strategy. We think the snacks business really is the key driver of the Pet Food business, both in terms of sales and profits. That's where we will continue to invest and innovate. From a dry dog perspective, clearly we're looking at what the trends are in mass premium, and we're going to step back and understand what we need to do to compete there. Similar to all our other categories that we participate in, we feel we should have a presence in every segment. We're watching the mass premium and we'll figure out what our strategy should be there long term. But I would say no fundamental shifts in the strategy. This is about driving the business long term and it is about snacks. Dave, would you add anything to that?
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Are you guys there?
Barry C. Dunaway - Chief Administrative Officer: Yeah, that was...
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So I guess my second question is...
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: This is Richard. Let me just add to that...
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sure.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...because we're still very excited about the Pet business. I mean, this is – it's a great business and any acquisition we've ever made historically, there's always a hiccup. I've never had an acquisition where one of the – all the cylinders fire 100%, but we are – three-quarters of this business is doing very well. And so we'll figure out the mainstream pet soon enough, but the other businesses are right in line where we'd like them to be. And so we're still very confident and very excited about the Pet business.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I mean, I guess it's different when Godzilla hiccups versus when a gecko hiccups. This is Godzilla for you guys. It's a very big business. But I'll move on to my next question. You've highlighted the challenges faced by Kibbles 'n Bits, right? As we look at Nielsen data sales for the brand, they've really been in steady decline for years, and I realize the rate of erosion has accelerated versus a year ago but it's similar to what it's been each of the last eight, nine months, at least in Nielsen again. So I guess I'm not sure why the weakness this quarter was such a surprise to you.
David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks: Yeah, this is Dave West. Let me take that question. We did see a heightening competitive activity in the marketplace in the quarter in the form of price side and weight changes in bonus bags. We have corn and soybean meal continue to be trading at relative lows. And what we have seen is that some of that favorability and commodity was reinvested in the marketplace. I think on a year-to-date basis, we would – our gross margins in the mainstream pet food business are actually up. So not all of the commodity favorability has been passed through from our perspective. And we're using – part of our goal on the way in when we set our plans for this fiscal would've been prior to the acquisition of Big Heart by JMS. So we executed those plans. You will see us become a bit more aggressive now as we come in to the latter part of the year and the early part of next year to respond to some of the bonus bag activity now they're relative price and size. But I think overall, it was a little bit more – it was more down than we would have expected it to be, but the margin structure of the business is still pretty good, and there's a – fundamentally, there's a consumer who is going to continue to look at value in the marketplace, but there are other consumers who are looking for other benefits and we will go meet those other benefits in a different way. It won't be a price lever. So I think Barry's point was we see other segments emerging. We're very pleased with our premium dog food business in this pet specialty channel and then the independent pet channels, but we are not happy where we are en masse.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next will be Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Two questions for you, if I could. First on coffee. If we look at the coffee business, and I'm looking at, again, at some IRI and Nielsen data just showing coffee excluding the Dunkin' K-Cups. Overall, coffee has been a bit weak and I think you did cite some weakness on the Folgers K-Cup side, that I think is in part the issue. I just want to get a sense. You've increased marketing spending, I think, behind the business. Does it require just being more promotional, or is there one piece of the business that you need to attack, if you will, to kind of firm up the non-Dunkin' K-Cup coffee business?
Steven Oakland - President, Coffee and Foodservice: Hi, Chris, Steve Oakland. The coffee business does have a couple of big segments and if you bore into that Nielsen data, you'll see that our mainstream roast and ground business all go through a lot of change this year. Remember there's an 11% smaller canister, the promotional size, and we took a 6% price decline. So you roll those two things in and you actually see volume up. So for mainstream volume to be up when you take 11% out of the canister, we think it's a nice rebound for that business and we're hitting price points that excite, I talk about this, both the retailer and the consumer, right? You need the price point that gets the retailer excited about merchandising it. So that piece of business is much healthier than it's been in a while. So then you take our Dunkin' K-Cup business and it's fair to say that that business has just come out of the gates on fire. We continue to see good momentum there. So the Dunkin' K-Cup business is very strong. And, although small, Bustelo is starting to move our share a little bit, right? It's starting to get big enough that that business is material. Now the Dunkin' bag business has been a struggle early on in the year. And I would say that we've seen price compression in premium that we've never seen before. Part of that is driven by green and I think part of that is driven by strategy of the competitive set. And so the good news is that the pricing we have in the market we've seen today somewhat turned that around and we expect that business as green helps us to get even better. And frankly, the legacy K-Cup business or the Folgers K-cup business is performing, I would argue, how the K-Cup category. If you take two premium brands out, you take us and the other major premium brand out of the K-Cup business, it's not been that healthy of a category. And so the opportunity for us is to continue the momentum on the Dunkin' business and to fix our K-Cup business and we are committed – I think that's an important statement – to growing our whole K-Cup portfolio over time. Dunkin' has given us a little bit of a tailwind there – a lot of tailwind right there, but the challenge for us is to get our legacy K-Cup business back on track.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Is that a sharper price point then, Steve? Just to go a little further on that, is that part of the key at this point, given the proliferation of brands across the shelf?
Steven Oakland - President, Coffee and Foodservice: Yeah, there's no question. You will see mainstream K-Cups will be much more price competitive across I would – it's hard to say what our competitors will do. But, we will be following that trend, and some of that pricing is actually in the market as we speak.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Steve, I would also maybe add to that, that the retailers right now are kind of resetting the categories because, I think, they've all agreed there's been too many SKUs there. And we have some very, very good SKUs that, I think, as they do resets, we'll end up with a better position over time.
Steven Oakland - President, Coffee and Foodservice: Yeah, it'll be classic category management, right? With all of that growth, I think everybody just threw SKUs at it and threw space at it. And now you'll see classic category management. How many hazelnuts do you need? I mean, you can go in some sections and there's 13 hazelnuts. So I think those things will work their way out. But we have some real work to do on our K-Cup business. The consumers told us they want them and so we have to win there.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just a quick follow-up on the pet food side. You've been giving sales for that business in that $2.3 billion range. And given some of the pressure here in the third quarter and the fourth quarter, it seems like we're running into that $2.2 billion range. Have you given that estimate for sales for pet food for the year?
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Chris, this is Mark. Obviously, if you take where we ended this quarter and probably somewhat similar in Q4 and take that off, I think you're going to get down more in that $2.2 billion range.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Next is David Driscoll with Citigroup.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you, and good morning.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Hi, David.
Aaron Broholm - Director-Investor Relations: Good morning.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): So two questions. The first one, Mark, is for you. The 10% growth guidance in fiscal 2017 is against the $5.84 to $5.94 guidance, is that correct?
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: No, it's against the $5.70 to the $5.80. The milk gain – the gain, David, is a one time. What we're not excluding, of course, is the contribution, the first eight months of milk, which is in that $5.70 to $5.80. So we'll grow off that but we're not going to grow off the milk gain included.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah. No, I totally understand that one-time gains are odd but I thought it was odd that you put it in the number to begin with. But thanks for clearing that up. You did not mention last week the fiscal 2018 guidance of 10% plus growth that you outlined when you bought Big Heart. Is that still an expectation of the company?
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Going back to your first point, I would like to clarify why we included it because I think it's important everyone understands on the call. We have historically put the expectations on our businesses, both on the positive and the negative. They're responses for the brands so that's why over time we've included amortization and impairment. At the same time, the brand benefits if we're able to generate a gain on a sale of a brand that no longer fits the portfolio, we felt it's just as appropriate to run that through. So while you guys may exclude that, clearly that's the reason we leave it in.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, but way more important, fiscal 2018, 10% plus growth is still your expectation?
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah, fine. Thank you. And then final question for me just on Natural Balance. I think you guys said that the growth in the third quarter for your specialty business, which I'm going to assume is mostly Natural Balance – I know there's another brand there, but I think it's mostly Natural Balance – was high single digits. I think on the last call, you had said that the growth in Natural Balance was something like mid-teens or high teens. So if those statements are true, is there a bit of a deceleration in growth right there. Number one, is that true? And then number two, kind of how do you see the growth for that business over the longer course of time, because it seems there's some fair amount of volatility here. I mean, it's good news, but it's a question of what landscape are we in, high single digits or mid-teens.
David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks: Natural Balance, David – this is Dave West. Natural Balance was up double digits in the quarter. We have the Nature's Recipe brand, which is more of a gateway brand in pet specialty as people cross over from mass. That brand was not up as much so that goes into that premium measurement that we give you. So I think overall we're very happy with where we are in the Natural Balance expansion with the PetSmart. We continue to be pleased across the channel and across the two major pet specialty retailers, but also with distribution gains that we're getting in other independent and other parts of the channel. So pleased with where we are. As we go forward, we haven't given a projection with respect to growth on a forward basis, and I would not want to do that, since my competitors out there probably aren't going to give me their growth projections either, so I think I'll pass.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): All right. I still appreciate the comments on the brand. Thanks, guys.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Next is Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning, folks.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Jason.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I hope all is well. Good seeing you last week. I wanted to pick up where Dave left off because I, too, was struck by premium only growing high single digits in the context of all the PetSmart distribution growth. So are we overestimating how much PetSmart distribution on the Balance product has contributed, or is the business sort of kind of flattish maybe even down excluding the distribution?
David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks: Yeah, I think one of the things that you have to understand is the measurement of how incremental truly is that distribution. So is that incremental to the retailers as we expand? Is it incremental to the category? What are the cannibalization rates? So we had an assumption on the way in of what that business would be. Again, Natural Balance is not the only brand in that measurement when we talk about premiums. So we have other businesses that are sold in the premium intended channels, and they are not growing as rapidly. So I'm pleased with where we are with Natural Balance. I think we've done a very good job of expanding the footprint this year. We have our first national ad campaign on the business. We've launched into a higher protein offering in the brand and we've gotten good shelf space in the major retailer PetSmart, and kept our relationships with Petco and the independents at the same time. So I think we're in good shape. We've got double digit growth on the brand and I'm not going to apologize for double digit growth. I think that's pretty good and it's kind of within the range of acceptable for us right now.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: No, I hear you. Double digit growth is always good. But I'm still not sure I'm tracking. If we excluded the PetSmart distribution gain on Natural Balance, is your premium portfolio growing?
David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks: Again, I'm not trying to be difficult, but I'm not going to answer the question because you can't assume that the entire set of distribution is 100% incremental. The hope would be that any time you add distribution, it's 100% incremental but that's just not the reality of it. There's always cannibalization and consumers are going to find their way as they see distribution in new places. So I'm not going to get into disclosing the incrementality or the switching behavior of consumers. That's something that we are measuring where we have new distribution and it's also something that we are tracking very, very closely and the rest of the channel where we have had distribution for a long period of time. I mean, those are conversations that we'll have with all of the retailers in the channel and make sure we're supporting the brand the right way. And like we said, we're happy with where we are. And you build distribution, you build awareness and you see with how consumers are trying and are they new to the category, are they new to the retailer. Those are things that we're measuring on a weekly basis. But like I said, I'm happy with where we are, but I don't think I'd give out any more information than that.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Understood. One more question and I'll pass it on. On coffee, congratulations for a phenomenal rebound this year, guys. Obviously, a contributor as you call out has been the positive price-to-cost surplus. Do you think that can sustain or are we reaching a point where equilibrium, in terms of price past during the cost relief will approach or given competitive dynamics in the category, can you actually sustain the surplus for longer than you historically have?
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, well, there's a couple of things we need to really look at in the numbers. We look at the price-to-cost relationship on an annual basis, right? And I think we took price down early and so you might see some of that – you saw some of that hit us in the early periods. You see now the benefit of that in later periods. The volume is also helping our operational efficiency. And so just the nature of how some of those things fall, a lot of that fell this quarter. It's an annual number, but it falls in periods when you take that absorption. So I think we can see very good margins. We continue to see solid margin growth in this business. We think the green market, as we look out the next quarter or so or two, looks like it will continue to help us hit those price points to invest in the things I talked about in the earlier question and maintain similar margins. So we think if we can keep all of those things, it's really three-dimensional. It's exciting the consumer, exciting the retailer and then having those things right. We think we're going to be in good shape the next couple of quarters.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Jason...
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, guys, very helpful. Oh, I'm sorry.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Jason, I'm going to add one thing to those comments is that last year when we sat here and we knew we were challenged in coffee, a lot of the activities that we've taken place this year in coffee were put into our strategy last year. Almost, in fact – for example, the change in the size of our coffee canister was a two-year project. So we saw last year the challenges that we had in coffee. And even before that occurred, we were putting a lot of initiatives in place to make sure this year has turned out the way it is. Now obviously, we had the tailwind of a little bit with green coffee cost, but the work on getting the Dunkin' K-Cup was also a two or three-year project. So a lot of those initiatives really are two to three years old, and now they're all coming to fruition this year. So I just want to put in perspective that when we see a tough quarter, we can't respond and the very next quarter things turn around. So I think it's important to remember that, but it's also important to remember that we look at those things and take that long-term perspective. And so the same thing applies on our mainstream Pet Food business. And we put a number of initiatives in place and we think that over time that'll turn around also. But we're not sitting on our laurels. We recognize those are challenges that we have and have a number of initiatives in place, but you may not see the results of those for six to nine months or a year later.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. That's really helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everybody.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Alexia.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. So two quick questions, firstly on promotional activity, we've had a number of other companies talking about how they're pruning ineffective promotions. But the sense that I'm getting is that in some of your more competitive areas, you might actually be stepping that up. So I'd just like to hear your views on directionally are you likely to see more or less promotion over the next year or so? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark T. Smucker - President, Consumer and Natural Foods & Director: Well, Alexia, this is Mark Smucker. I guess I'll start. So where you see more promotional activity like baking, there's no question that that has taken place. We've seen in that particular category that the depth of promotion has not yielded growth, and actually we've seen that across multiple customers. And there are other areas where we are more focused on being more efficient in our trade spend and so over time, our goal is, as I think we've said a couple times, not to prune for the sake of pruning, but to get better at spending those dollars and putting them where they really do affect the business.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. And then as the follow-up, in the U.S. Retail Consumer business, you've got pockets that seem to be working quite well like Uncrustables, and then other areas you mentioned, baking, that have been weaker. How are you thinking about resourcing those weaker parts going forward? Are they areas that are targeted for more investment, more innovation, more marketing to fix it, or might we see a pull back on some of that investment, or maybe even further divestments, along the lines of the canned milk business? Thank you, and I'll pass it on.
Mark T. Smucker - President, Consumer and Natural Foods & Director: So again, on baking, I think we've heard broadly from our customer base that they weren't as happy, of course, with the fall bake period, given the level of activity and the fact that the category itself continue to decline. But what's interesting is and where we have seen good growth is on the on-trend items, like gluten-free and the more simple ingredients. Those businesses seem to be doing very well, albeit not enough to offset the declines in sort of the mainstream business. So cake, frosting – unfortunately, frosting has been down as well. Brownies are actually doing well for some reason, but it's really in the more on-trend, authentic, simple ingredient items that we're seeing some good growth. That would also be true in our Fruit Spreads business as well. Even though we had a down quarter in peanut butter, our Jif Natural, our no-stir natural product, is actually up significantly as well. So from a peanut butter perspective, I think we're less concerned because the consumer takeaway has not followed our decline in shipments, and so we would expect to see some improvement over the coming months in peanut butter.
Alexia J. Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question is from Farha Aslam with Stephens, Incorporated.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: First question is on your inventory reductions you saw in Jif and cat food. Is it limited to just the third quarter? Are you seeing it bleed into the fourth quarter? And is it specifically with one retailer or several retailers?
Mark T. Smucker - President, Consumer and Natural Foods & Director: Hey, Farha, it's Mark again. In peanut butter, we do think it's probably limited to the third quarter. Again, the consumer takeaway on the scan data has not reflected that. So I think we feel cautiously optimistic about the next several months.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: And cat food?
David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks: On cat food, I think what we've seen is just that there's some shipment timing with respect to promotions and new item activity that was in year ago. We look at our market share, and on our market share in dry cat food particularly, it's as solid as it's been. And so I think you're going to have noise up and down with respect to shipment timing. But I think I feel pretty good about the Meow Mix business particularly, and where we're headed next year with respect to innovation.
Vincent C. Byrd - Vice Chairman: Hey, Farha, this is Vince. I think you also have to remember that there's a couple major retailers that their fiscal year ends the same as our end of our third quarter, and this is not unprecedented in terms of what's occurred historically, that there might be some destocking at the end of their fiscal year. So it goes in cycles, but we would anticipate that not to be a long-term situation.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's really helpful. And then just as a follow-up, the three drivers of your top line this year seem to be Dunkin' K-Cups, Uncrustables and Natural Balance. Each of them have benefited from channel fill and capacity expansion this year. When you look longer term into next year, would you expect these businesses to continue to be able to post growth going into next year or is there something else that will take their place in terms of growth drivers?
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Farha, this is Mark Belgya. I think the expectation of those three, those are three big areas that we would continue to invest and expect to grow. Now will they be as additive as they were this year? That'll be determined. We're also, as normal courses, going to continue to introduce new products. And then I think the other one I would add to that list is Milk-Bone, just through the innovation and Barry's comments around the strength of snack and how important that is to us.
Steven Oakland - President, Coffee and Foodservice: And Bustelo. Bustelo's got double digit growth. It's small, but double digit growth.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think that that's part of the advantage of having a broad portfolio and the size and scale that the company has, and adding another growth leg is that the innovation funnel is balanced over time and there'll be a lot of work going forward to make sure that we always have something coming down the funnel. And that we have talked with long lead customers and have good plans in place so that we constantly refresh that. But there will obviously – continue to be certain brands, Folgers, Dunkin', Milk-Bone, Jif, et cetera that we're going to focus that innovation against because they have the brands that have the shoulders to take that kind of innovation. But I think there'll always be something in the funnel on a forward basis, and that's just part of having the resources that the company has.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi there. I think Farha kind of asked my question I had. But if you think about the mathematics for next year to get to the 10% EPS growth, if I strip out the benefit of the synergies and the dilution, I think I'm getting to kind of a flattish EPS growth for the base business. And you can check my math on that if you like, but – and I think that in a normal year I would call that conservative, but there are tougher comparisons in fiscal 2017. And I appreciate the comments to grow Natural Balance and Dunkin' K-Cups and Uncrustables, but I think we've all been in that situation where what had been a great launch in the first year ends up being a tougher comp in the second year. So I guess, is there something you could tell me a little bit more about what's going to drive the growth in those businesses while maintaining kind of the core at a flattish basis? Is it distribution? Is it advertising? What is it that's going to keep those growing?
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: This is Richard. And Dave mentioned it also, just the fact that we have a much broader portfolio than we've ever had before. We've got more initiatives in place and more new product initiatives in place than we've ever had before. We also have – we still want to drive our share of market for each of our existing brands. And the fact that our go-to-market strategy and the sales and marketing teams that we put together are much more robust than we've ever had before. So we would expect basically to pull each one of those levers, and no one is going to drive the growth. But if you combine them all together, if we can get a little bit out of each one which is our plan, we're going to see reasonable growth. Now we're in categories that we think resonate well with the consumer today, and so we think that we're going to have some reasonable baseline growth in addition with new product growth. But it's a challenged market out there, but we think we're well positioned and probably better positioned than most CPG companies to see that growth.
Steven Oakland - President, Coffee and Foodservice: And Richard, if I can comment, this is Steve. I'll go on the Coffee business. If we look at the results that we're posting this year, we've got strong momentum on our base business. And I went through some of these earlier, we think that from what we can see should maintain – we think there's some opportunity. If you remember, our first quarter wasn't as strong as the back nine months has been. We think that the premium green – we don't usually get into this, but different streams of green come in at different times of the year. So we think there's going to be some tailwind for our Dunkin' business in next year and we have to make that grow. Our Dunkin' business has the opportunity to get its momentum back underneath it. And what we talked about on Folgers K-Cups. So we don't think the powder has all been spent on the coffee business. We think there's some opportunities to repeat what we've done. The largest retailer in the country did not take Dunkin' K-Cups out of the gate. They're there now, so that will be a little bit of a tailwind. So we feel good about the coffee segment, even following the kind of numbers that we've shown you this year so...
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Can I ask a follow up to Mark Belgya? Is my math just about right, Mark, that if I drop all those synergies to the bottom line and then take out the dilution from canned milk, it kind of implies like a core EPS, maybe up 1% or something like that?
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, that would be about right. I think you're probably using roughly $100 million for the synergy number which is about, I don't know, $0.55, $0.60 probably. That sounds about right. Rob, the only other thing I would add is right now where we're at in our planning process and our synergy recognition, we feel comfortable with $100 million incremental for 2017. But I think just on the base business, from a cost and budgeting spend, again while we've not done some of the aggressive things that some of our peers have done, we're still putting just pressure on budget management just through normal course. So whether you call those synergies or not, I think that recognizing what you just suggested in terms of base growth, we just got to continue to try to push costs from a budget perspective. So we're in the throes of doing that now, and hopefully that'll contribute as well for 2017.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Right thing to do. Thank you.
Operator: Next is Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research.
Mark E. Williams - Athlos Research: Good morning, this is Mark Williams on for Jon.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Mark E. Williams - Athlos Research: My question was on the synergies. I'm sorry if I missed this, but what's the driving the early delivery of the synergies, and is it related in any way to perhaps the underperformance of the business?
Vincent C. Byrd - Vice Chairman: This is Vince Byrd. The short answer is it is not driven by the underperformance of the business. It's two areas that we have been able to realize a little quicker than we had anticipated in the administrative and operational areas, and then also some direct materials. We made some choices about ingredients and other things that increased our synergy target from $25 to $35 million.
Mark E. Williams - Athlos Research: Okay, great. Thanks. And bigger picture on the coffee business, I was wondering what strategic options the company may have explored in the event of some change in the relationship with the newly acquired business.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I assume you're talking about KGM, Keurig?
Mark E. Williams - Athlos Research: Yes.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Acquired by JAB? I think we made the statement earlier that we're committed to grow the K-Cup business, and I think we've done that this year. I think it's a testament to that relationship so far. We are having the kind of dialogue to candidly discuss what we've got to do with the leadership of Keurig. We can't look into what will happen in the future. I mean, we need that – once that transaction closes, there's nothing they've said or done to-date that would suggest that we won't work together on those opportunities. But we have to be positioned to grow that business. I mean, the consumer has spoken, they want K-Cups. And so we're committed to be there. And to-date, I think we've been with the right partner.
Mark E. Williams - Athlos Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next is Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. I just wanted to try with two follow-ups on the pet business. First, you mentioned that you're considering all levers to improve performance in the mainstream dry dog business. And I know it's hard to talk prospectively about promotion, but from an innovation or brand-building standpoint, how the brand is marketed or positioned, are there any specific steps you're taking or thoughts you can share on how you might look to revitalize that? And in general terms, how are you thinking about the urgency or potential timing of taking some of those actions?
David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks: I think Richard mentioned it, and I think it's a good thing to always pause and think about how quickly can you turn a business where you've planned with long lead customers for nine to 12 months out, and particularly in a business that tends to be everyday low priced and not a high/low business. So it's much more base than it is promotion. It's much more difficult to move those types of businesses. And the dry dog food business in the mass channel is a business that is much more EVLT and planned with some big long lead customers. So we are looking at all levers. So we're looking at pricing, we're looking at product packaging and we're looking at other opportunities to innovate in the business, not just in the Kibbles 'n Bits brands but across our entire mass dog food business. So we're looking at all the levers. I think in the short term, the "easiest" lever to pull is always price and promotion. It's not generally the smartest one to pull because when you talk about poor trade spend and poor ROI, the trade spend that's deployed on a short-term basis generally doesn't have great ROI because you don't get the kind of merchandising or lift forward that you would expect. So I think we've looked at all of those things. As I mentioned, from a profitability standpoint, when we had our investor day, the areas of focus for growth for the pet business were around pet snacks, dog snacks and cat snacks, around the premium business and particularly Natural Balance and the expansion of Natural Balance. And then also focused on our cat business, our Meow Mix business, which is our largest brand in the pet portfolio, and innovation that we have coming on that brand next year. So the role of the dry dog food business in mass has not been one of growth. It has been one of profit maintenance, and that's the role we've taken with it. Our margins are up for the year. Our gross margins are up. That's the role of the portfolio. As Barry said, we've looked at what we are doing. I don't want to get into specifics. I don't think I want to be forecasting or projecting into the marketplace what I'm going to do, but we are looking at all levers and you will see some changes in terms of how we're going to market across the portfolio. But as I said, we're disappointed with those kind of results. But overall, when I look strategically across the three growth levers that we talked about when we had our investor day back in October, we're hitting on those three levers and this was not going to be a huge area of focus for growth for us. Unfortunately right now it's down significantly, and we will take the steps that we need to fix it.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. We'll wait to hear more there. And then just on Natural Balance and pet specialty, obviously business is growing high single digit overall, double digits. Can you give us any sense of what that implies from a market share standpoint in the channel or the natural category, and are there any metrics you can give us in terms of repeat purchase behavior at PetSmart or any of those sort of metrics that you'd be tracking at this stage in the expansion?
David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks: We're tracking our velocity on a weekly basis. We are also doing consumer research to track trial and repeaters. So we're tracking what you would expect in any normal launch. We're looking at source of volume. We're looking at incrementality and incrementality to the category, incrementality to the brands. So we're looking at all of those things and we evaluate it weekly. I'm not going to get into the specific numbers with you. We're pleased with where we are. Petco and PetSmart and the pet specialty channel, in general, has been a little slower this year overall, and that's obviously affected not only probably our business but the category growth rates in general. But as I said, I'm pleased with where we are with the business. We've gotten the kind of launch support that we needed, and we've also been able to continue to get support from the retailers who we've had distribution with for a long time. So pleased with it overall. When you see market share, it's not all inclusive. We have better visibility into it. But as stated, I'm not prepared to share.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Understood. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Akshay Jagdale with Jeffries.
Lubi Kutua - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. This is Lubi filling in for Akshay. I wanted to ask a question on your advertising spending. So you guys have increased advertising spending across a number of your businesses this year, and I think some of that will carry into next year. So can you just talk a little bit about what your internal analytics are telling you about the effectiveness or returns on those programs? So are you generally encouraged by what you're seeing, and then maybe if you could just a little bit on these advertising mix, so digital versus traditional media, et cetera, that would be helpful. Thank you.
David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks: Let me take a kick at that one. This is Dave West. I'll start on pet because we are up significantly year-on-year, particularly in the third quarter when you look at our segment profit in the third quarter. We're supporting the Milk-Bone brand, we're supporting Meow Mix, Irresistibles cat snacks and we're also support the Natural Balance brand as we expanded our distribution footprint. I think those three initiatives are really against trial and awareness and building. So the ROI on them initially is tough to measure because you're trying to get to trial and repeat. So I'm not sure that the economic effectiveness of measuring it in the first quarter at the end of the first six months that it's in. The same is going to be true on Dunkin' K-Cups and Jif peanut butter bars and a number of the other things where we're going to advertise new items. It's part of launching a new item in a quality way is that you try to stack your marketing so that you get merchandising, as well as an attractive price point plus consumer awareness. So a lot of the marking that you're seeing from us is geared towards that across the portfolio. And then the other area where I think it's more difficult for the industry, in general, to measure is in investment in digital. And we're trying to make sure that we invest in first party data and first party relationships with consumers. We want to reach them wherever they are and we want to make sure that we're on their path to purchase. So whether it's pre-shop or in-store as they're making decisions, we are focused on building a digital network and a digital ecosystem that reaches them there. So there's some infrastructure building there as well. Overall, I think we continue to look at our ROIs and I think we'll fine tune them as we go along. But I think it's the right thing to do with the brand that we have to support them in the way we're supporting them.
Mark T. Smucker - President, Consumer and Natural Foods & Director: Yeah. This is Mark Smucker. I'll just add to that. As Dave said, there's a lot of advertising being spent, particularly in pet, on what we would call initiative. So if you think about the two buckets of advertising, its meat is equity support and initiative. And so a lot of what you're seeing in the past is more on new products and niches versus Smucker's. We're on air with a new ad that is strictly focused on equity. But in either case, they're relatively difficult to manage or measure, I should say, and so just trying to get the ROI on those isn't a quarterly exercise. It's more like a 12-month exercise. But we do feel that obviously supporting our brands is very important and we're going to continue to do that. But I think that's it.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And the other thing we mentioned at CAGNY is we now have about 25% of our media now spent is in digital, which is up. If you measured that a couple of years ago, it was less than 10%. So we're moving in that area. But as Dave said, it's not easy to measure so we're trying to do it judiciously and trying to measure it where we can.
Lubi Kutua - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. That's very helpful. And then apologies if you touched on this already, and I know you're not providing specific guidance for 2017 just yet. But can you just talk maybe high level about how you're thinking about cash allocation for fiscal 2017? Because obviously, cash flow generation remains strong. So just some thoughts on that would be helpful. Thank you.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yes, this is Mark Belgya. I think it is pretty consistent with what we said last week at CAGNY. I don't see any significant change. So if you just think of it in terms of round numbers of about $1 billion in free cash flow, about a quarter of that is going to go to dividends. We're going to target about $400 million to $500 million in debt repayment, and then embedded in that $1 billion of free cash flow is about, call it, $250 million of CapEx. So I think we'll see that. The only other thing we would bring into that, as we mentioned earlier, is just where share repurchases would fall into that. Now that may cause us to borrow a bit to do such, but I think generally speaking, I would just hold to our cash deployment model we've talked about, really, since the acquisition was announced a year ago.
Lubi Kutua - Jefferies LLC: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: And the next question is from Bryan Carlson with Tudor Investment Corporation.
Bryan Keith Carlson - Tudor Investment Corp.: Good morning, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Bryan, we can.
Bryan Keith Carlson - Tudor Investment Corp.: I just wanted to ask, in your slides, you had outlined a couple of factors that would be sort of headwinds heading into 2017. One of those was FX and the other was the milk divestiture. I just wonder if you can give us some sense of what the incremental drag from the divestiture of the milk is, and at current rates, FX is an additional, I don't know, $0.05, $0.06, $0.07 of EPS headwind?
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. So, Bryan, we'll get into this in a little bit more in our fourth quarter earnings call, but in terms of the milk, that's probably, I'd say, a $0.10 to $0.15 impact of contribution. Again, just so everyone is clear, that's the milk contribution we're losing. It has nothing to do with the gain of $0.14 we recognized, but roughly that. FX, we're still kind of working through that, but that's going to still be a pretty significant impact. I mean, we're thinking that's well over $20 million next year. If you look at what the exchange rate has done, even if you sort of averaged in this year, it's fallen well below $0.70 for a while. So I would guess it's at least $20 million, probably even north of that.
Bryan Keith Carlson - Tudor Investment Corp.: Okay. And everything else I had has been answered already. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you very much. Good morning. Sorry, just a couple of quick questions, I guess first, more broadly, this has been touched on a little bit. I just want a bit more clarification. So the marketing spend obviously was up and Consumer volumes still pressured. Pets coming in below planned in year one. So if we think about fiscal 2017 and the incremental cost synergies, how should we also think about a potential for incremental needs of reinvestment to support the brands? That's one. And then, two, how should we be thinking about the three to four-year growth targets you set out on a segment basis top line back in October? Thanks.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: So to the latter point, I don't think there's any significant changes in the growth rate assumptions that we laid out by the business units that ultimately got us to the 4% to 5% overall company rate. I think we spend probably enough time thinking about how we think we're going to deliver those, so our expectations by that time period, we'll figure the dry dog out and we'll be where we are. In terms of the dollar investment and, guys, jump in here, but we would continue to invest as we were. I think it was said earlier on our call, our marketing spend, while it's up significantly, it, quite candidly, is returning to more historical levels. So we don't see that, at least year-over-year, as another significant incremental jump in marketing as we would consider this a pretty good run rate. So I don't think you've got to be too concerned about that being a big headwind going into it. And again, we are kind of moving through our planning process for 2017, but the expectations is for all the things you've heard today, where we're trying to build a business, we would expect to see some benefits out of that and trying to hit sort of our normal growth rate for those business units.
Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay, great. And then just a quick follow-up, in terms of underperforming brands and potential for divestments that we saw in the canned milk business, how has your perspective on further divestment changed? Is it the same? Are you actively looking at your baking business or oils, what have you? And I just ask because obviously there's been some longer-term pressure in some of these brands. And obviously, they generate some cash flow. But for thinking price/mix benefit and growth potential going forward, and potential benefit off the accelerated de-leverage, if you do divest those, why not divest them?
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, Rob, you just listed all the criteria that we look at continually in terms of evaluating our portfolio. So those are things that we do look at. We look at our portfolio on a regular basis. We actually think, for the most part, we have a good portfolio right now, and it doesn't mean we're not going to look at something to divest a small brand here or there, but I don't see anything in the future in the next year or so.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Rob, this is Mark Belgya. I guess, maybe one thing that I would point to that and actually, I think, ties into a question – I can't recall who asked it earlier and a little bit to the question that was just asked in terms of growth rates by business units. But one thing I would say that we have done is our portfolio, just number of brands have expanded. We continue to think about what roles our brands play. So where in the past, I don't want to say this is not a categorical statement that everything was expected to grow evenly, but I do think we are setting different expectations on the brands, as is somewhat indicated by the growth rates that we've put for the four business units. So I think that will just continue, the maturation of how we look at businesses. And if it makes sense over time, if there are brands that fall out of favor, I think through that process, it'll surface. But I agree with Richard. I think we feel pretty good about what we have. We have some areas to work on. But for now, they're fairly positive cash generating businesses that would be a little tough to, quite honestly, would fill the dilution if we sold them.
Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Fair enough. Thanks so much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Next will be John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for the question. A question for Mark Belgya, I'd like to ask in terms of this renovation you're doing with the natural ingredients across your portfolio, is there any notable drag on your margins that may be worth quantifying from the reinvestment in the food quality?
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yes. John, this is, obviously, Mark. Right now – and again, it goes a little bit back to some of the conversations we had. Right now, we're in investment mode. So when some of the products that Mark mentioned, under the Pillsbury and the Smucker's brand, we're clearly – whether it's spending with the trade or the intro in terms of the advertising, those are negatively affecting both the top line and profitability. But if you think of commentary we've said in the past, we expect over time for our innovation to be mix positive. We're looking for bigger rings in bigger margin items. So once we get through that first couple years of intro period, we would expect that the comparable products would be adding margin greater than the more traditional ones. For example, cake, we expect our simple ingredient products to be more profitable over time.
Mark T. Smucker - President, Consumer and Natural Foods & Director: And this is Mark Smucker. I would just add that Smucker's Natural Fruit Spreads, Smucker's Fruit & Honey, as Mark just pointed out, Purely Simple, all of those products which have possibly slightly higher ingredient costs, we're able to command a premium for those. And the consumer, by offering variety, the consumer that wants those products will choose those products. And we've actually – because we've seen growth there, it does validate the fact that the consumer is willing to choose with their pocketbook.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. And just a follow-up, at CAGNY, the presentation referenced, I think 10% of your fiscal 2016 net sales from products launched over the past three years. Is there a way to isolate that contribution just for the Big Heart business, and maybe where you see that going over time for Big Heart?
David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks: Yes. Actually, I think if you look at in the Big Heart business, that number we presented should actually be higher. We've done some innovation around the Milk-Bone brand, the Milk-Bone Brushing Chews, the Milo's Kitchen brand, and some innovation that we did in the Natural Meat snack segment. We've done some things with the Meow Mix brand. So pet has had more innovation, historically. And then in Pet Specialty there's a natural amount of innovation that just occurs every year. And I think it's almost an expectation for entry (79:23) to compete in the category, so Pet is probably a little bit higher than that on average.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think I'd just add to that and in the sense that each one of our businesses does have a target in terms of innovation and what we expect their growth rate to be from innovation. And it really does depend upon each of those categories and where we think innovation really drives the category. So although like Dave, I'm not prepared to share those numbers, each one of them has a target to go for, and each general manager has an obligation to hit those targets and it's built into their bonuses and their performance. So we look at that all the time. So thanks for the question.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, Richard.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the conference call back to management to conclude.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I want to thank everybody for being on the call today. I appreciate your questions and look forward to having a great fourth quarter and next year. So thank you very much for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the re-broadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820, with a pass code of 8098493. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2015-11-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Broholm - Director, Investor Relations Mark Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Richard Smucker - Chief Executive Officer David West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks Vincent Byrd - Vice Chairman Steven Oakland - President-Coffee & Food Services Mark Smucker - President, Consumer and Natural Foods
Analysts: Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Ken Goldman - J.P. Morgan Alexia Howard - AB Bernstein Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus David Driscoll - Citigroup John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference for questions-and-answers after the presentation. Please limit yourself to two initial questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you have an additional question. I will now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our second quarter earnings conference call. With me today and presenting our prepared remarks are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call is Vince Byrd, Vice Chairman; Steve Oakland, President, Coffee and Foodservice; Mark Smucker, President, Consumer Foods; Dave West, President, Pet Foods; and Barry Dunaway, President, International. During this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure statement in this morning's press release concerning forward-looking statements. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally as detailed in the press release which is located on our corporate Web site at jmsmucker.com. A replay of this call will also be available on our Web site. If you have any questions after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. It was great to see many of you last month at our investor day when we celebrated our 50th anniversary of being listed on the New York Stock Exchange. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss a number of key initiatives across our business and reinforce why we remain very excited about the continued growth of the company and we also look forward to updating you on these activities in the months ahead. Today our comments will focus on the strong second quarter financial results that we announced early this morning and it reflects the momentum we are seeing across our businesses and the excellent work by our teams. Let me begin with a few highlights for the quarter. First, net sales increased 40% to a record level of nearly $2.1 billion, driven by the addition of Big Heart pet brands. Excluding acquisitions and foreign exchange, sales grew 2.5%. This growth was led by U.S. retail coffee which was up 10% for the quarter. Second, non-GAAP operating income grew $91 million or 36% for the second quarter, reflecting the addition of pet food along with the strong profit performance -- growth performance for international and food service as well as the coffee segment. Third, with increased interest expense and a higher share count, non-GAAP earnings per share increased 6% to $1.62. Excluding the amortization, adjusted earnings per share were $1.91, an increase of 13% from the comparable measure in the prior year. Lastly, we generated free cash flow of $211 million for the quarter. Overall, we are very pleased with the results for the second quarter and the first half of the fiscal year and we look forward to this momentum continuing through the remainder of the year and beyond. As such, we are confident in achieving our updated guidance as Mark will discuss in a moment. Let me provide some brief comments on our U.S. retail segments. I will start with coffee where we have strong volume and sales performance across our key brands of Folgers, Dunkin' Donuts and Café Bustelo. For Folgers, mainstream roast and ground achieved double-digit volume growth in the quarter. With the list price decrease implemented in July and our transition to reduce canister size for our key Folgers offerings, consumers are seeing lower price points on the shelf which has driven the improved trends. Strong K-Cup's performance continued to drive growth for our Dunkin' Donuts brand. Distribution expanded further in the quarter and we are seeing good trial and repeat rates by customers. With a 12-week ACV of over 85% and a 6% dollar share of the K-Cup market to date, this initiative is off to a great start. Sales for the Café Bustelo brand were also up significantly in the quarter with gains for both roast and ground and K-Cup offerings. While overall coffee results were strong, Folgers K-Cup and Dunkin' Donuts bag coffee both had soft performances in the quarter reflecting aggressive competitive pricing. Our teams are focused on these dynamics and we are well positioned to compete as we proceed to the fiscal year. In consumer foods, the Smucker's brand performed well led by the 15th consecutive quarter of double digit volume growth for Smucker's Uncrustables frozen sandwiches, combined with another solid volume performance for Jif peanut butter. We had a good back to school period for our overall spreads business. Strong volume gains for our Natural food spreads and Natural peanut butter offerings along with recent innovations were key contributors. In the baking aisle, our results were impacted by aggressive competitive pricing which we expect to continue throughout the upcoming holidays. Our focus remains on providing value-added innovation in these categories and competing responsibly. Within Natural Foods, our branded beverage performed well in the quarter, led by volume gains for our R.W. Knudsen Family brand. Earlier this month, we announced the planned divestiture of our U.S. canned milk brands and operations. While the business is solid, a significant portion of our canned mile sales are private label. This transaction will allow our consumer foods team to better align resources to focus on our key brands and growth opportunities. Turning to pet foods. Including Canadian sales reported in our international results, the business contributed sales of $577 million in the quarter, coming in at the high-end of the range that we provided at our investor day last month. Year-to-date pet food sales were up 3% despite the challenges in dry dog food. Further, the business has delivered profit contributions in line with our expectations through the first six months of the year. These results reflect the strong performance for our premium pet food and our pet snack brands which both achieved high single-digit sales growth in the second quarter. The rollout of the Natural Balance brand in to a large national pet specialty retailer has gone well. Also innovation across the Natural Balance, Meow Mix and Milk-Bone brands continues to be a key contributor to these results. Mainstream pet food sales continue to reflect heightened competition in the dry dog food business which has impacted the performance of our Kibbles 'n Bits brand. Lastly, related to both pet food and the broader organization, we continue to make good progress on our integration activities as we remain on track to achieve our March 1 integration milestone and our synergy target for the year. In summary, our businesses performed very well in the second quarter and have now delivered solid results for the first six months of the year. We remain very confident about the initiatives in place to support future growth across our three key platforms of coffee, consumer foods and pet foods. To that end, we firmly believe we have an advantage portfolio. We own leading iconic brands as well as several emerging on-trend brands that participate in attractive and resilient consumer stable categories. Combined with our unrelenting focus on the consumer, we are well positioned for continued growth. Finally, I would like to close by thanking all of our employees who have made these results possible. This continues to be an exciting and dynamic time for our company and we certainly appreciate their ongoing efforts. With that, I will turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Richard and good morning everyone. I will start by providing additional color on our second quarter results and then conclude by updating our outlook for the full year. Net sales increased by $596 million in the quarter, this largely reflects the addition of Pet Food. For the remaining businesses, volume and mix combined to add 5% points of growth led by Dunkin' Donuts K-Cup and Folgers roast and ground coffee. Lower net pricing primarily for coffee and peanut butter detracted 3% points from net sales. Foreign exchange was also unfavorable in the quarter reducing net sales by about 1% point. GAAP earnings per share were $1.47 this quarter, 5% below the prior year. Included in these GAAP earnings were $34 million of special project costs related to merger and integration activities compared to $3 million of such cost in the prior year. Also included were $6 million of unallocated derivative gains compared to $8 million last year. Excluding these items, non-GAAP EPS was $1.62 or an increase of 6%, and further excluding the amortization expense of $53 million, adjusted EPS was $1.91, up 13% for the quarter. Our non-GAAP gross profit grew 48% reflecting the addition of Pet Food and favorable volume mix for the coffee segment. This resulted in a 200 basis point increase in gross margin to 37.7%. Commodity costs were favorable in the second quarter, most notably through green coffee but were offset by lower net pricing. SG&A increased at a greater rate than sales due to a planned increase in both selling expense due to the royalties associated with the Dunkin' Donuts business as well as marketing which was attributable to the U.S. retail coffee and pet food. Conversely, administrative expenses grew slower than net sales reflecting the recognition of Big Heart synergies during the quarter. To date, we have recognized approximately $8 million in total synergies, mostly in G&A, and are on track for $25 million for the full year with the remainder slightly weighted towards the fourth quarter. Amortization expense increased $28 million in the second quarter as a result of the pet food acquisition. Factoring all of this in, non-GAAP operating income increased $91 million or 36% while operating margins declined 50 basis points to 16.4%. The increase in operating income was partially offset by higher interest expenses, a slightly higher tax rate and an increase in the number of shares outstanding related to the Big Heart acquisition from $102 million to nearly $120 million. Let me now provide a brief overview of the results for each of our segments. I will start with coffee which achieved net sales growth of 10%. Favorable volume mix of 13% was only partially offset by lower net pricing. Sales for the Dunkin' Donuts brand increased 41% for the quarter driven by the launch of Dunkin' Donuts K-Cup. Net sales for the Folgers brand increased 4% as volume was 14% behind the strong performance of roast and ground, partially offset by unfavorable mix which was driven by declines in Folgers K-Cup and lower net pricing. Lastly, Café Bustelo's sales were up 30% as we are seeing the benefits of our marketing efforts behind this brand. Segment profit increased 7% as the higher volume mix more than offset a 55% increase in marketing for the quarter and significantly higher selling expense due to the Dunkin' Donuts royalties. As expected, we began to recognize lower green coffee costs in the quarter. However, this was mostly offset by lower net pricing. As we proceed into the back half of fiscal 2016, we now anticipate full year coffee segment profits to be slightly above our previous projections. We expect momentum in the business to continue and coffee cost to remain favorable. However, somewhat tempering profit growth expectations are ongoing market spend related to new products along with plans to continue supporting key price points as well as other targeted pricing investment to address competitive activity. Turning to consumer foods. Net sales were down 3% as slight favorability in volume mix was offset by list price declines taken during the past 12 months, most notably on peanut butter and baking items. Volume for just peanut butter was flat compared to the prior year while Smucker's fruit spreads were down 2%. Uncrustables volumes was up 23% for the quarter and conversely Crisco oils and Pillsbury baking mixes both experienced mid-single digit decline. Segment profit was comparable to the prior year as lower net price realization and higher overhead costs were offset by favorable commodity cost and volume mix. On a full year basis, we continue to expect consumer food segment profit to be down mostly reflecting the $20 million of incremental overhead related to the new peanut butter facility in Memphis. Net sales for our U.S. retail pet food segments were $567 million in the second quarter. Sales for our pet snacks in our premium pet brands both increased high single digits, driven by distribution gains and new item launches. Main stream pet food sales declined mid-single digits. Pet food segment profit was $88 million for the second quarter. This sequential decline in segment profit margins from 16.4% in the first quarter to 15.6% this quarter is consistent with our previous commentary regarding the timing of marketing investments which were heavily weighted for the second quarter. While comparisons to Big Heart's previously reported results are not exact given the differences in the definition of segment profit, we estimate that through the first six months of 2016, segment profit is in line with the prior year. We are pleased with this performance given that current year includes $20 million step up in amortization expense. At our investor day last month, we indicated our expectations for full-year pet food gross margins to expand by 100 basis points compared to the prior year. With our second quarter results we remain on track to deliver on this target. In addition, we continue to anticipate segment margin to improve sequentially in the back half of the year and overall for the full year we expect pet food segment profit will be in line with our original projections. And lastly, net sales for international and food service declined 1% in the quarter. The addition of pet food in Canada and a higher volume mix for the legacy businesses were more than offset by a $21 million impact of FX. Volume mix growth was led by our food service business with another strong quarter for Smucker's branded spreads and uncrustable frozen sandwiches. Combined segment profit for international and food service businesses was up 33% over the prior year. Along with favorable volume mix, lower commodity cost, particularly for green coffee, contributed to the profit gains. The impact of foreign exchange partially offset these items. We continue to expect FX to remain a significant headwind in the coming quarters and into fiscal 2017. Turning now to cash flow. Cash provided by operations was $275 million for the quarter compared to $92 million in the prior year. Along with an increase in income and non-cash items of depreciation and amortization, this cash flow increase primarily reflects lower working capital needs, most notably for inventory. This includes benefits of our working capital reduction initiative and lower green coffee cost in ending inventory. Factoring in capital expenditures of $64 million, free cash flow was $211 million for the quarter. This brings our year-to-date total to $463 million. We increased our full year estimate for free cash flow from $900 million to $925 million assuming capital expenditures of $220 million. The increase primarily reflects our estimate for the current year benefit associated with the working capital project which to this point had not been reflected in previous cash flow guidance. We ended the second quarter with total debt of just over $5.85 billion and based upon our full year EBITDA projection of $1.55 billion, our leverage currently stands at 3.8 times. We anticipate approximately $200 million in proceeds from the divestiture of our canned milk business and expect to use the after tax proceeds to further pay down debt. Let me now conclude with an update on our full year sales and earnings outlook for 2016 which includes the expected impact of the canned milk divestiture on operating results. Even with the sale of this business, we continue to expect net sales of approximately $7.9 billion. We have raised the low end of our non-GAAP earnings per share range. We now expect EPS in the range of $5.70 to $5.80 for the year. Excluding amortization expense of approximately $1.15 per share this would result in adjust earnings per share between $6.85 and $6.95. The change from the previous guidance reflects expectations for coffee results to come in stronger than originally projected. Conversely, with our working capital initiatives, we anticipate a near-term impact due to under-absorbed overhead during the transition which is now reflected in our outlook. Our revised range excludes an anticipated one time gain on the sale of the milk business which we currently estimate will be $0.10 to $0.15 per share. Lastly, as we look at the back half of 2016, we anticipate the year-over-year EPS growth to be more heavily weighted towards the fourth quarter. In closing, we had a strong second quarter and we look for our momentum to continue. We are encouraged by the initiatives in place across our businesses and are confident in achieving our updated full year outlook. With that, we will open up the call to your questions. Operator, if you would please queue up first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman: I guess the first question that I have has to do with the consolidated sales forecast. I guess, Mark Belgya, at the analyst day you lowered the forecast by $100 million but you are now including the divestiture of the canned business which I guess is about a run rate of $100 million for this year. So effectively you've increased your forecast after lowering it. So I'm kind of wondering what that's due to and then I'll have a follow-up.
Mark Belgya: Yes, Eric. Thank you for the question. You are right. The milk sales on an annual basis were about $200 million. Obviously, it's more front-end loaded the first eight months with the holidays. So we expect to lose about $50 million in the back half. So by the fact that we kept the $7.9 billion full year target would indicate that we have basically added back that amount in the base business. That’s probably primarily in the area of coffee as I think I had in my scripted comments.
Eric Katzman: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then I guess this would be -- is Steve there or Dave -- in terms of pet, one of your competitors Blue Buffalo talked about trade inventory de-loading but you seem, I guess, pretty comfortable with the business at the moment. Do you feel that inventory levels for you are okay and that your consumer off-take is on track? Maybe just discuss that a bit.
Steven Oakland: Well, if you think about what we have in the channel, Eric, we are entering places where we haven't been before. So we are putting incremental inventory into the system so we are getting to the right inventory levels out of the gate. So there is no reduction for us in one of those big retailers. So I can't really comment on what other people are feeling. As we are entering there, we are putting the right amount of inventory in. But we feel good we are tracking to the metrics that we wanted to track to. Importantly, as we have entered PetSmart in the last quarter, we are tracking with them in terms of the right metrics as we go on. But also, this for us is trying to be good stewards in the channel and increasing channel penetration in shopping and bringing more consumers across the business. So we are working with the other retailers and the independents to make sure that we are supporting them equally wells so we don’t -- we want this whole launch to be incremental as we roll out across the channel. So far so good. Early days. Again, we are feeling pretty good about where we are in this channel.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan.
Ken Goldman: Question, I wanted to make sure I heard this right. On the pet foods segment, I think you guided today to sequential EBIT dollar improvements as the quarters progress. Is that what I heard correctly? You talked about something progressing in Pet Food, I want to make sure that...
Mark Belgya: Yes. We did -- with margins, Ken. I think we have said that [but] [ph] it was margins. Again, obviously we have talked about the way the synergies will flow through. So we said, I think, the outset of the year that as the year progresses we would move in. We knew the marketing investment was heavy in Q2 as I stated but in three and four it should be sequential improvement.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Is the implication there that, because when I think sequential improvement I think every quarter is a little better than the prior one. Historically, and I know this isn't apples-to-apples, but that segment has had a much higher EBIT margin in the third quarter than the fourth quarter. So when you are saying sequential, are you talking halves? Are you talking quarters? Help me understand what breaks that pattern a little bit.
Mark Belgya: Okay. So let's just take a step back. In Q1, segment profits, we defined, it was 16.4%. This quarter it's 15.6%. We will see a step up from Q2 to Q3 and then from that point we will see a step up from Q3 to Q4 in margin. Again, synergies are flowing through. As I said that of the back half there is more synergies in Q4 than Q3, so that will benefit a little bit. And Dave, I don’t know if there is any other reasons you want to comment on.
David West: I think it's hard to get to an apples-to-apples comparison because you have got all the amortization in there and all the synergies in there. So let me just make a comment stepping back, either from a gross margin standpoint or some sort of a controllable profit measure. I talked to, when we were at the analyst day in New York, about 100 plus basis point improvement in gross margin as we were looking at the first quarter. We had gross margin expansion again in the second quarter. So despite the mainstream food business being down, remember this isn't a pass through category. So even with 5% decline in that kind of mid-single digit, let's call it 5% declines in the mainstream food business, we still expanded gross margin dollars and gross margin profit, obviously, in that business. So we would expect maybe in the second half to be a little bit more competitive with respect to some of those tactics in market. Bonus bags and some other sharper price points, potentially kind of matching what's already out there in the market. But we still see good margin expansion as commodities have fallen this year. So when you look at it apples to apples and take out the $29 million of amortization, the business is up double digits in earnings on a year-over-year basis. So really healthy profit driven by good management of the deflation in the market place. It's not a pass-through category so we have been able to keep some of that margin and then reinvest that into marketing. We were very heavy in marketing in the second quarter. And so as we look at the business, it's healthy, it's delivering exactly what we thought it would deliver for the year. And because of the timing of launches and the timing of channel expansion in pet specialty, it's probably a little lumpier than you would have seen it in the past. But from here on out, as we put synergy in the business you should see margin acceleration.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: You mentioned that the U.S. retail business has a few brands in there that have come under some pressure. A lot of the retailers are talking about a movement to the perimeter of the store, how fresh and chilled products are really where the growth is. And that segment for you doesn’t have quite as much exposure to that edge of store type of product. How do you handle that? Is the option to change the portfolio, what can you do to address that shifting dynamic. Thank you.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. I will start. First of all, we think we are in a pretty good position with basically the three platforms of our business. Obviously, coffee which is center of the store but it is still a hot area to be in and a growing business. And then if you look at the rest of our foods, peanut butter is a very low cost, high protein business and it's all vegetable. So we are very good -- and then pet food of course is one of the fastest growing segments. So we think our overall portfolio is really, positions us well to be in the consumer goods industry. But we should also remember that although there are a lot of -- the perimeter of the store is growing, the retailers still make probably -- definitely more than half their product profit from the center of the store. So that is still a great place to play if you have the right product line up which we believe we do.
Mark Smucker: I will just add, Alexia, this is Mark Smucker. Couple of things. So just, Rich, again, we are in on-trend categories for the most part as you think of the center of the store. But given the trends and the growth in snacking and consuming different day parts rather than 3 square meals which many consumers are with Sahale and Jif bars, we are well positioned well with -- you have heard our results on uncrustables has been fantastic. So those are all, whether it be snacking or sort of on the go type of items, those would be helping our mix. And then of course our natural business is doing very very well also. So we just feel like we are in the right places at the right time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher Growe: I just had two questions, if I could. The first was, you talked about a little bit of softness on the Folgers K-Cups, and I'm just curious, we've seen some pretty aggressive price competition there, in particular on the low-end and particularly from private label. Is it more that Folgers is interacting with that aggressive price competitor there? Or is it something amongst the brands that's made it more competitive in the K-Cup arena there?
Steven Oakland: Good morning, Chris. Hi, Steve Oakland. I think what you are seeing in the K-Cup category is the natural evolution of this whole category. There has been tremendous growth and the manufacturer and the retailer have all thrown SKUs at, right. If you walk in any store you will see all of this proliferation of SKUs. I mean you will see tens of flavor to same flavor items. And so I think within all of that noise, it's difficult to market. And I know you will see other results out there would suggest that. Dunkin' Donuts has been able to shine through that and the Dunkin' results here in the last quarter or so, or quarter or two, have been great. I think you will start to see manufacturers like us work with the retailer. I think we will use classic category management like we have done in other categories to try to segment that category to good, better, best to get the right price positions across each one of the brands. There is no question that there is a lot of brands trying to get noticed right now and our Folgers K-Cups maybe took a backseat to some of the other promotional effort that we were doing and the retailers were doing. But we think those big national brands long-term will have the lion's share of that business and we feel like we are positioned to do it. So we have got more ahead of us.
Christopher Growe: Do you want to be more price competitive in the short run then to try and sustain share within that brand?
Steven Oakland: Yes. We have opportunities on our mainstream to do that. Right. Especially with coffee costs where they are, we have the opportunity to do that. Quite frankly, we have got a pretty strong wave going with the Dunkin' business. So as we look at the whole segment, we probably didn’t have to do that today.
Christopher Growe: Okay. I had a quick follow-up for Mark Belgya. When you disclosed the marketing spending in the quarter, that percentage of sales pushing on towards 6%, is that a good estimate for the year? I'm just trying to get a sense of how much marketing needs to increase here overall for the business.
Mark Belgya: Well, the marketing increase in coffee was pretty substantial. It would still be up pretty dramatically for the rest of the year but not to that degree. But overall, that’s probably okay. The 6% is okay to use.
Christopher Growe: A good estimate? Okay, got it.
Mark Belgya: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citigroup.
David Driscoll: First question is just on Pet Food. You gave a lot of different pieces of guidance. Maybe I could just simplify this and say, with all the changes in allocations from how Pet Food used to be as a standalone and how some monies have moved into corporate, etcetera. Is $380 million, give or take, the right ballpark for segment profits in Pet for the year?
Mark Belgya: You are in the ball park.
David Driscoll: Okay. Second question, also related to Pet Food. Can you guys just talk, Dave, maybe you could talk a little bit more about the promotional activity but I was hoping you might just delineate between the traditional Pet Food brands and what feels like lower grain costs that are affecting the price structure there. And then very separately, talk about the promotional activity happening at the pet specialty stores and in the premium pet foods. Here it feels like the promotional step-ups are for a different reason, just like competitive activity, but really wanted to understand where you saw these promotional levels going.
David West: Yes. So let me just kind of give you the category dynamics a little bit. So what you are seeing in mainstream grocery and mass, particularly, given grain costs and that the source of protein there is more -- remember, that's more corn and soy based. When you get into the pet specialty around the protein source is different. And so it's not as grain based when you get into the pet specialty realm. So you're right. It is the pricing. The pricing and the ingredient cost work differently. So let me stay for a minute in grocery and mass and particularly in dog food, not as much as in cat food but particularly in dog food you are seeing deflation. You are seeing folks pass through some of those savings that are occurring either in the form of bonus bags or reduced price points. And so you are seeing a decline in dollars in the mainstream, particularly dog food. For us, it's Kibbles 'n Bits and Gravy Train. But it's not an absolute pass-through category. We talked at the analyst day and I mentioned today that total company pet food margins for the first half and our gross margins are up over 100 basis points and actually the mainstream food business is even pacing ahead of what the total average for the business unit is. So we are seeing, even with mid-single digit declines in our mass food business on a sales basis, we're hitting both our gross profit dollars and our gross margin percentage targets. So they're actually up. So it's not a total pass-through. People are managing, and we're managing the balance of share and net sales and profit pretty well. And as you look out on the curve, this is kind of the environment we're going to live in, when you look at the forward curves in these things. So at some point in time you lap this. Next year you lap this and you might get to something that's more normalized but for the rest of the year this is the environment we think we're going to live in. We'll probably be a bit more aggressive in the second half with respect to share, trying to get a little bit of share back on some of these businesses, but just a bit. Our tactics will be consistent with what's already in the market. So, again, including bonus bags and some targeted shopper marketing and some other programs. When you get to pet specialty, the competition is a little different and the competition there is really about space as you think of us entering new retailers. There's going to be heightened activity around particularly shopper marketing activity and display space. I wouldn't say it's as much price promotion there as it is, it's really promotion for the peak drive periods and the right promotion in store. So there's some heightened activity there. Still good margins and still traffic is good and I feel good about where we are there. But it's a different kind of competition because the product formulation is different. It's not as much there about the material cost. It's much more for space and share of mind with the shopper.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John Baumgartner: Dave, I'd like to go back to Big Heart and particularly the pressure in dry dog in measured channels. I understand the comments about disinflationary pricing, but the scanner data for the quarter also showed a 9% drop in the volume for you and it also shows in the measured channels that dog business hasn't grown volumes since, I guess, at least 2011. Is there anything else more underlying going on here, impacting measured channels in the volume side?
David West: Well, I think you've got to make sure that you've got everything measured. Remember, there's dollar and that's probably not all measured in there and you may not have all the club. So you may not have all the measurements. But the reality of it is, you're down 9%, 10%, 11%. That's about right for Kibbles 'n Bits, dollars and/or volume. There is an emerging mass premium segment that's growing. We aren't participating there at this point so there's a little bit of that there. And overall I think what you're also seeing is you're seeing some channel switching as people are moving from mass up into the pet specialty channel. So those are some of the trends. I think we talked about it at the analyst day but what you're reading is right. And as I said I think it's, right now for us, yes, there is deflation and there is some volume leakage but from a brand standpoint we're managing it for a combination of net sales and profit and share. We're about on target as the portfolio role goes. I think that the mass cat food business is a bit different. It's tended to be a little bit healthier and more robust and with Meow Mix and 9Lives we're very happy with our position there.
John Baumgartner: Great. And then just a follow-up. In terms of natural and organic, Crisco has been in the market now for about six months with the organic coconut oil and it seems as though the established natural organic leader is already seeing some pressure. Maybe in contrast to the view that M&A is the best route to pursue to make a bigger dent into natural and organic, can you talk a little bit about maybe extrapolating from this coconut oil experience, the relevance of your brands in natural and organic? Do you have to really go outside? Can you expand these brands into natural and organic that you have in-house already?
Mark Smucker: John, it's Mark Smucker. The answer is, in short sometimes, so I think in the case of Crisco, we have been very successful and have been able to take advantage of the trend that the natural and organic consumer is buying more of those types of products across multiple categories in the conventional channel versus the natural or organic channels. So we are seeing consumer shift more to that channel. As it relates to coconut oil specifically, it just is a very on-trend product and we were fortunately able to find the right supply chain to provide an organic product and it has done very well. And that is just, that's an on-trend product. It's not only used for cooking. It's just done very well. So, yes, I think in the right categories we can.
John Baumgartner: Okay. Thanks, Mark.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. I might just add to that. Obviously, we have made some acquisitions in the health food category and some brands in that, healthy snacks with Sahale and our ancient grain business which were acquisitions. But the problem with buying someone in those fields, the multiples you have to pay are extreme, normally, and the ROI is not too good. So as Mark mentioned, wherever we can expand our own brands that we currently have or some of the natural brands that we've had in our portfolio for some time, we've been able to do that I think on a judicious and wise way. So it's a little bit of both but it's always better if we can extend one of our existing brands.
Mark Smucker: Just [indiscernible] increased organic in nut butters and applesauces and so we are pushing that, traditionally a juice brand, out into other categories.
Richard Smucker: And we have basically about a half a dozen great health perceived brands out there that we can also extend.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Rob Moskow: Just a question for Mark. It's always great when Smucker beats consensus. But I do remember at your analyst day, Mark, that you said that you thought that the earnings were closing the gap. And then we had a discussion as to what the gap was versus and now you're up quite a bit from a year ago. So did something happen in the last couple of weeks of the quarter to deliver all of that upside versus what you were thinking at the analyst day?
Mark Belgya: Thanks for the question, Rob. A couple of points on that. I think the commentary back in October was, it was really intended to recognize that we were pulling forward around $0.03 of synergy that we had not planned for originally. So that was really the genesis of that commentary. But candidly we did have a pretty strong finish to the quarter. Obviously, on the business side that speaks for itself. And then on the spending side it came in a little bit favorable versus our expectations for the quarter as well on the G&A side which you can see in the results as well. So never going to apologize for a great quarter. And again the point was last quarter or last month rather, was just to call attention to that we were pulling forward with synergy.
Rob Moskow: Okay. And also can you remind us? After March 1 when the integration is I guess more complete, what's the nature of the savings and synergies that are going to start flowing through? And can you give us a kind of peek at fiscal '17, maybe the first half of that period? Like, what's going to drive the synergies that much higher? Is there going to be another step-up in '17 and what's sending those numbers higher?
Mark Belgya: Yes. Clearly with $25 million coming through which we feel very good about, certainly with March 1st there will be integration savings that will obviously kick in at that time. I think we said at our meeting, we're expecting $100 million in synergies in fiscal '17, and of course that's driving, incremental I should say, so that would put it $125 million in total. So well on our way to the $200 million by the end of next fiscal. And that of course is leading to the double-digit EPS growth that we have committed to.
Rob Moskow: Yes, but what's driving the extra $100 million in '17? What specifically is happening to make...?
Mark Belgya: There's a number of things. If you go back, just to direct those on the call back to what we presented, we gave four buckets of synergies and quite candidly, it's across that. We will be moving much of the shared services, the back office, the information services, the finance operations from Pittsburgh. That will move. But it really does cross. So it's procurement and the other areas that we spoke to. And the same thing will happen in the 2018 as the remainder of those four areas will be completed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research.
Jonathan Feeney: I'm sorry if I missed this, but did you tell us, of the sales growth in Coffee, was that all or how much of that was the May 1st launch of Dunkin' Donuts cups?
Steven Oakland: Jonathan, hi, Steve Oakland. No, it was not at all. We had a great performance on roast and ground. So sequentially if you look at our roast and ground over the last 52, 12 and 4 weeks, we've seen continued momentum there. So it was nicely balanced between roast and ground, for Folgers roast and ground. We did mention that Bustelo although small is on a little bit of a roll, so it's really responding to the marketing effort. And of course, the Dunkin' K-Cup launch. All three contributed nicely.
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks. Just one follow-up on that. When you look at the, and forgive me if you talked about this before, but when you look at the list price decrease you took across the board in July, obviously the price mix that you're seeing is less than that list price decrease. I think it was 6%. Are you reevaluating doing a little bit more aggressive revenue management around price promotions that gets you there or are there some big categories of items where that list price increase didn't apply? I'm trying to understand, I guess, what your promo activity looks like on a year-over-year basis across the category of coffee?
Steven Oakland: Okay. Well, I think there again you have to break it down by segment. There wasn't the same type of price promotion done on the K-Cup segment. So if you take, K-Cups would dilute that. But we did two things in the roast and ground segment. We reduced the canister size 10% to 11% and we took a corresponding price decline with that and then we took a price decline. So what we've been able to do there is, with the lower green coffee costs, and obviously in that market you have visibility into that in the future, we were able to put together a plan for the year where we got the coffee price point on our key promoted items to a point that has both excited the retailer and pulled through the consumer. So red can has done really well, especially compared to what you saw, the gyrations in it that we were forced to do last year. So sequentially nice improvement there. And then we have yet to see that compression on K-Cups, but there is room to do that. I think we got a question earlier on the total mix of K-Cups and Dunkin' versus the legacy Folgers business. We have some room to improve the results on our legacy Folgers business, we just haven't had to do that because of the momentum on Dunkin'.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam: I wanted to focus on International Foodservice. The margins in that business were quite strong during this quarter versus the year-ago period. Is there anything that we should take into account on that business and kind of the forward read?
Mark Belgya: Yes. Hey, Farha, this is Mark Belgya. We were hoping that would get called out. Those guys had a terrific quarter, primarily in Foodservice and in Canada. But, candidly, it was a very good quarter so I would not expect that to continue. I look back, I think it was actually the largest segment profit quarter we ever had in that particular businesses. As we look forward to the next six months, some things to consider is obviously FX in Canada is continuing to be a challenge and I'll let Barry comment on that maybe a little broader. And then in Foodservice we know that there's some businesses that just had a very strong, or some categories rather, had a very strong first half. Obviously, we are getting cross-booking back in schools, you can think about maybe the school buying period, we've lapped that a little bit. So both of those businesses probably are going to be a little bit softer in the back half. I wouldn't expect a repeat of the margin we saw this quarter.
Farha Aslam: Thank you. And then just a follow-up again. On your corporate expense, it was kind of lower than what you've been tracking in the previous quarter. Is the current level sustainable with your pull forward of Big Heart synergies or are the Big Heart synergies squarely in Big Heart Pet Foods?
Mark Belgya: Yes, I think what you saw the first quarter, I think we were around $90 million, if I know what line you're looking at. I think this quarter was maybe $83 million-$84 million. So $84 million probably is too low a run rate for the next two quarters. You will see synergies slow that. So I would suggest somewhere below $90 million and somewhere about $85 million is probably a little better run rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies.
Akshay Jagdale: First one is on your largest customer. Obviously, a lot of changes going on there. We're hearing some mix read-throughs as companies are reporting this quarter. Can you give -- it seems like you had a great quarter, so it doesn't look like any of their changes negatively impacted your portfolio of products. But just trying to get some insights on that channel and what you're seeing out there.
Steven Oakland: Yes. Good morning, Akshay, Steve Oakland. I think as we talked in Richard's comments earlier, we've got a couple of categories that just do really well there and in mainstream grocery. So a lot of retailers are focused on the perimeter but that particular retailer does a great job in the center of the store. They do a great job with brands like Jif. They do a great job with brands like Folgers. And those brands have been developed, or overdeveloped, there for a long time. So when we get things right on those brands, we do well there. They are also very well developed on pet food. And so when you get those pet food and snacks right there, when you get some of these things right, both, we win and they win in those categories.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. And then on pet food for Dave. So there's a lot of focus, obviously, from the investment community on the dry dog side. But I guess my focus is really on the premiumization side, right? So the snack portfolio is doing well. But can you talk a little bit about pet tech? Maybe it's too early to be talking about that but if you look at a long term trend in premiumization, obviously the snack portfolio is one, the premium portfolio is another way to play it. But how big do you think pet tech could be? And is the way to think of how Big Heart plays in that just from a digital standpoint or how should I think about that opportunity? Thank you.
David West: Well, first, let me thank you for not asking a question about mainstream pet food. I think you're the first person who's ever not asked about it, so I appreciate that. We actually are very pleased. When you think about premiumization and trade up, with respect to food it's sort of following human analog, human trend. So more snacking is occurring. We've got a 40% share of dog snacks in the mass channels. We've got new usage occasions that we're working on including, dental and vitamin treats and things that are clearly from a price realization standpoint but also really new usage occasions, kind of show the role of pet as part of the family and not on the farm anymore or out on the back porch. The pet is squarely in the family. And so as you see that, the same trends that are going to occur, that have started to occur in tech, there will be apps for finding, think about geo-location, finding your dog if your dog is lost. Pet wearables, the same kind of thing as you think about tracking dog, dog health. But you're starting to see those. And then it's very similar because of the emotional attachment to how the baby category might work in terms of just thinking about the need for information and the way that information is coming now is obviously mobile and digital. So we do think a digital ecosystem with first-party data. I think the important thing for us is we want to have the relationship directly with that consumer. And then there will be some decisions that everybody makes about, do you create content, do you curate content or are you really the keeper of the ecosystem where people come for information about their pet food, is an important part of the family. So we're in the process of building a digital ecosystem. I think we talked about it at the analyst day in New York. We're excited about where we are and frankly, right now, being in San Francisco over the last four or five years has led us to be part of some pretty interesting startups and technology. So we're excited about it. We think it's where the future could go and it's really most important for us to have the relationship with the consumer, that one-on-one relationship. And so we think there is a lot of runway here, and stay tuned as we roll out our ecosystem and we'll talk about it more in the future. But thank you for the question.
Operator: We will take our next question from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman: Thanks for the follow-up. Two questions. I guess, Mark Belgya, on the -- I assume that -- was the sale of the canned milk business, was that dilutive and if so, you have raised your guidance for the year, so what's the offset to that? And then I have a follow-up question.
Mark Belgya: Yes, Eric, for the back four months it is very modestly dilutive a couple of cents. Again, a lot of that just has to do with the seasonality of the business. So that $0.02 has been factored in. Obviously one of the reasons that tempered the upside to the $5.80. So we really don't have to worry about that. Probably the bigger question is how we will cover that in fiscal '17. So that will probably come into play a little bit through the synergy management and we'll just look at other opportunities to offset the dilution that flowed through the first eight months' earnings.
Eric Katzman: Okay. Thank you for that. And then I think this is probably a question for Richard, but your message has been, right, that the business is doing well. Your free cash flow is stronger than you expected. You're already below 4 times levered and that's probably going to improve pretty quickly. One could argue that the buyback of shares is going to be a greater return, given that you're trading at a discount to pretty much everything in the space versus buying back debt or retiring debt. Why not tweak the capital allocation here, given those facts?
Richard Smucker: Go ahead. I'm going to let Mark start and then I'll finish.
Mark Smucker: Thanks, Richard. Thanks for the question, Eric. I will answer that. One other data point I did want to get out because I don't think it was quantified but I think it's important for those on the phone, is that -- I think it was in my scripted comments -- when we talked about the puts and takes on the guidance. And I mentioned this, the commentary around the overhead absorption impact of managing our working capital initiative. And just to frame that in for you all on the phone, it's about a nickel. So again not to necessarily explain away all the reasons why we didn't take guidance but that I think is an important point that you go away with. In terms of the question, though, around the capital structure, a couple points. One is that we have consistently said that over the next roughly four to five years we would expect to pay down about $0.5 billion per year to get to where, particularly to pay down a couple of tranches of long-term debt and then the term loan. And we're right on that mark. In fact we're a little ahead of that mark, as you suggested, Eric. So I think we are going to look at opportunities to whether it's share repurchase. We've said that some smaller-scale M&A is clearly on the drawing board as well. We've said this now for the last several months, is the ability to pay down that debt timely and the cash we generate just speeds up the ability for us to take advantage of the strategic opportunities.
Richard Smucker: I'll just add to this. It's kind of tangential to your question, but we've traded the last year or so on a number of metrics below maybe some other CPG food companies. And I think maybe we just didn't get our message out well enough because I think we're extremely well positioned in the CPG space. I talked about it earlier but being in coffee, consumer foods and pet food really separates us, I think, from a lot of other CPG companies. And the fact that we're actually, we want to act big but we want the consumers to think of us as small. And I think they do if you look at our brands, whether it's Smucker's or whether it's Jif. They see us, from a consumer basis, as a smaller company, but we act big with our retailers. So I just think we need to get that message out a little bit better because I do think we have an advantaged portfolio that maybe is not recognized.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Andersen with William Blair.
Jon Andersen: I guess most of mine have been answered. I did want to circle back around on pet, and I guess this might be one for Dave. Dave, you mentioned that there is an emerging premium segment in the grocery mass channel that's growing. I just wondered if you could share some thoughts on maybe how you see that evolving. Is that a niche? Do you think that gets much bigger from here? And maybe what role Smucker and more specifically Big Heart, intends to kind of play in that over time. Thanks.
David West: I think the consumer perceptions across all food categories, whether it's human consumption or pet consumption, I think the definition and the understanding of better for you ingredients or natural ingredients, or clean label, or those things are, they are kind of, they permeate everything that's out there. So I do think you see an emerging mass premium segment. And I think what defines it, it's kind of defined by the ingredients stack but you also have to define it by the price point. So if you think about it, if you think about a basket trip that's, I don't know, $120 in a mass or grocery store, let's call it that for argument's sake, give or take. How much of it, how much of that, what percentage of it can really be pet food? Is it $29.99 bag? That's 25% of the basket. And so I think there's probably realistically a ceiling on how big that could be in some traditional channels, just based on affordability and what it means as part of the basket. So I think that said, I think there's some, just the economics of it may dictate how big the size can be. But what I would say, though, is consumers care about emerging better for you, better ingredient stacks. We obviously are aware of that. We have a specialty business which is all about nutrition and therefore we are aware of the trends. We'll look at our portfolio. We want to meet consumers wherever they want to shop and whatever they want to buy. So as trends emerge, we're going to answer them. But we want to do it in the realities of their wallet and what they can buy in what channels. So stay tuned as this continues to shift. But we're aware of it and we'll react accordingly when we think we have the right solution.
Jon Andersen: That's really helpful. One quick one to follow up on just kind of the, there's been a lot of talk about the portfolio in aggregate and I guess its alignment on health and wellness dimensions, etcetera. As you think about continuing to evolve the portfolio in that direction over time, do you see more activity from an M&A perspective in order to acquire into that? Or do you think it's more the ability to do stuff internally by extending some of your existing brands into that space or is it just, frankly, a combination of both? Thanks.
Richard Smucker: So, Jon, it is a combination of both. And I think we historically have done that. But we have put a little more emphasis on innovation in the last five years than we ever have. And Big Heart Pet is one great example of some of the things that they've added to their portfolio the last couple of years. But we've done that whether it's been coffee or consumer products. And that is probably the most ROI efficient way, if we can just add on to our existing brands. So we're really pushing that. But as you notice, from time to time, we have an acquisition that fits in very nicely. Obviously, the most recent large one being Big Heart. So it's going to be both. It really is going to be both.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I will now turn the conference back to Richard Smucker to conclude.
Richard Smucker: Well, we thank all of you for being on the phone today and very interesting questions and we wish you and your families a happy and safe holiday period for the next week. Have a great time.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-08-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Broholm - Director-Investor Relations Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks Vincent C. Byrd - Vice Chairman Steven Oakland - President-Coffee & Food Services Mark T. Smucker - President, Consumer and Natural Foods
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research LLC Jon R. Andersen - William Blair & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference for questions-and-answers after the presentation. Please limit yourself to two initial questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you then have additional questions. I will now turn the conference call over to Aaron Broholm, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm - Director-Investor Relations: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our first quarter earnings conference call. With me today in presenting our prepared comments are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call is Vince Byrd, Vice Chairman; Steve Oakland, President, Coffee and Foodservice; Mark Smucker, President, Consumer and Natural Foods; Dave West, President, Pet Food; and Barry Dunaway, President, International. During this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning forward-looking statements. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally as detailed in our press release located on our corporate website, at jmsmucker.com. A replay of this call will also be available on our website. On August 25, we filed a Form 8-K regarding a modification of our segment reporting structure. Effective this fiscal year, results for our Natural Foods business will now be included in the U.S. Retail Consumer Foods reportable segment. International and Foodservice is now a combination of all remaining businesses. Modified prior-year results for fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014 that reflect the realigned segments were included in the Form 8-K. Also as a reminder, we will be hosting our Investor Day at the New York Stock Exchange on October 20. A live webcast of the event will be available through our Investor Relations website. If you would like to attend in person and have not yet received an invite or if you have any other questions after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Richard. [002SK4-E Richard Smucker] Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This continues to be an exciting time at Smucker's, as we have completed our first full quarter of owning the Pet Food business. Our teams remained focused on delivering synergies and ensuring we capitalize on the best capabilities of both organizations to position our company for continued growth. At the same time, we delivered solid first quarter results. We are more confident than ever before that our decision to enter the growing pet food business was very timely. The more we learn, the more excited we've become in the potential of this sector and the combined positive impact with our existing business platforms. Let me now provide a few highlights of our first quarter performance. First, net sales increased 47% to nearly $2 billion, driven by the addition of the Big Heart Pet Brands and a strong first quarter for coffee. Excluding acquisitions and foreign exchange, sales grew 6%. The May 1 launch of Dunkin' Donuts K-Cups in U.S. retail channels has exceeded our initial expectations and drove a large portion of the increase. Second, non-GAAP operating income grew $81 million or 37% for the first quarter, also driven by the addition of the Pet Food business along with Coffee segment profit growth. Third, with an increased interest expense and the higher tax rate and share count, non-GAAP earnings per share decreased 1% to $1.32. Excluding amortization, adjusted earnings per share were $1.60, an increase of 7% from the comparable measure in the prior year. Lastly, free cash flow improved significantly from negative $57 million last year to positive $252 million this year, a portion of which was used during the quarter to reduce our net borrowed position. In addition, last month, we announced a 5% increase in our quarterly dividend rate. Overall, first quarter results were strong. On a full year basis, we are on track to achieve our previously stated guidance as Mark will discuss in a moment. Let me first provide some brief comments on our U.S. Retail businesses. As I said, Dunkin' Donuts K-Cups got off to a great start. During the quarter, we shipped over 100 million cups and had strong merchandising support, including nearly 40,000 retail displays. We are pleased that the brand already holds a 5% dollar share of the K-Cup market and a current ACV of 75% based on the latest 12-week scan period. While some of the first quarter sales were pipeline filled, we are seeing distribution expand and we look forward to further our upcoming marketing support. As a result, we anticipate Dunkin' Donuts K-Cups will provide additional category growth and share gains for our K-Cup portfolio. Mainstream coffee volume continued to be impacted by higher price points in the first quarter compared to a year ago. However, we experienced sequential improvement in volume trends from the fourth quarter. In July, we announced a 6% price decrease due to the anticipated declines in green coffee costs. With this change and our transition to a reduced canister size for our large can Folgers' offering, which is proceeding as planned, consumers are now beginning to see lower price points on shelf. In Consumer's Foods, which now includes our Natural Foods business under our new reporting structure, our Smucker's, Jif and Uncrustables brands have strong volume performance for the first quarter, including a 14th consecutive quarter of double digit volume growth for the Smucker's Uncrustables frozen sandwiches. With new on-trend products and good merchandising support, we expect another successful back-to-school period for these brands. In the baking aisle, aggressive competitive activity impacted our results and we expect these dynamics to continue through the upcoming holidays. However, with a combination of targeted innovation, pricing and merchandising, our brands are well-positioned to responsibly compete during the Fall Bake season. Within Pet Foods, strong performance for both our premium Pet Food and our Pet Snack brands continued to drive overall growth. We had a well-executed launch of the Natural Balance brand into a large national pet specialty retailer during the quarter. Also, innovation across the Natural Balance, Milk-Bone and Meow Mix brands was a key contributor to first quarter results. Our mainstream Pet Food business faced ongoing heightened competitive activity against a deflationary macro environment. We remain confident in the long-term health of our mainstream brands and the profitability of the category. Overall, we are very pleased with the performance of our Pet Food business to date. Let me conclude my comments with an update on our Big Heart integration activities and the related synergy targets. Overall, we have made good progress on this front. We anticipate being in a position to share a broader update on these topics during our Investor Day in October. However, let me give you a brief overview today. First, we have established the key integration milestone for our go-to-market organization, supply chain and migrating most of our core systems and processes to one platform, which will occur during the fourth quarter of this fiscal year. As part of these activities, we are creating one combined sales organization to support our go-to-market approach. To that end, we have begun the process of consolidating a number of our sales offices. Regarding our supply chain, the key initiatives include consolidating forecasting, procurement and our distribution network, leveraging our scale as an $8 billion organization. To support all of these efforts, we will transition key Big Heart administrative customer service and plant IT systems to our Oracle platform. We will also establish a consolidated shared services footprint which will drive much of our planned G&A savings. Second, work continues to progress on our project to benchmark and elevate our overall cost structure as we execute our integration plans, identifying best practices and focusing on enhancing our capabilities for growth across the entire company. With the help of outside consultants, we have identified more synergy opportunities than the original $200 million target. At this time, we believe savings above this amount will be invested back in the business to drive future growth. Cost-cutting alone is not a long-term solution to creating shareholder value. We must drive the top line growth. As to timing, we continue to expect to realize the first $25 million of benefit this fiscal year. There is still much work to be completed to ensure a seamless integration for our customers and consumers. We will then be positioned to achieve the bulk of the synergies in years two and three, as originally planned. In general, we expect these savings to be somewhat equally split between supply chain opportunities and G&A. Lastly, we have also identified significant working capital opportunities as part of the consolidation project, which will further support our deleveraging objectives. Based on work today, we believe a reduction of $200 million is achievable, primarily in the area of inventory. We recognize this may result in a P&L headwind during the transition period due to under-absorbed overhead, but we will look to ways to offset this impact. Again, we are pleased with the progress we have made on our integration and synergy efforts and are confident that taking a phased approach remains wise to avoid disrupting our long-term plans, our growth, and our culture. In summary, we're very pleased with the start for the year, with our new Pet business, and we are confident about the initiatives in place to support future growth. This continues to be a dynamic time for all of our employees, and we thank them for their continued dedication. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Richard, and good morning, everyone. I will start by providing additional color on first quarter results and then conclude with our outlook for the full year. Net sales increased $628 million or 47% in the quarter. This largely reflects the addition of Big Heart. On the legacy business, volume and mix combined to add four percentage points of growth, primarily attributable to K-Cups. The net sales impact of pricing and foreign exchange was essentially flat in the consolidated results. GAAP earnings per share were $1.14 this quarter, in line with the prior year, reflecting the impact of higher interest expense and shares. Included in GAAP earnings were $26 million of special project costs, primarily related to merger integration activities, compared to $9 million of such costs in the prior year. Also included were $10 million of unallocated derivative losses compared to a loss of $21 million last year. Excluding these items, non-GAAP EPS was $1.32, for a decrease of 1%. Further excluding amortization, adjusted EPS was $1.60, up 7%. Non-GAAP gross profit grew slightly faster than sales, resulting in a 20 basis point increase in gross margins to 38%. Excluding Big Heart, the impact of commodity costs were unfavorable in the first quarter, driven by green coffee, but were fully offset by higher net pricing. Big Heart's commodity costs were lower than the prior year during the quarter. SD&A increased 53%, as selling and marketing expenses grew at a slightly faster rate than net sales. Royalties associated with the Dunkin' Donuts business contributed to the higher selling cost. Amortization expense increased $28 million as a result of the Pet Food acquisition. Factoring all of this in, non-GAAP operating income increased $81 million, while operating margin declined 130 basis points to 15.5%. Longer term, we anticipate margins to improve as synergies from integration activities are realized, offsetting the operating income gains or higher interest expense and an increase in the number of shares outstanding related to the Big Heart acquisition. In addition, a higher effective tax rate of 38.8% in the first quarter resulted from adjustments to deferred state taxes, including the impact of state tax law changes. We now expect the full-year effective tax rate to approximately 35%. Let me provide a brief overview of segment results. And I'll start with Coffee, which achieved net sales growth of 12%. Sales for the Dunkin' Donuts brand increased 78% for the quarter, driven by the launch of Dunkin' Donuts K-Cups. Net sales for the Folgers brand increased 3%, reflecting higher net price realization and favorable mix. Folgers volume was down 9%. This was anticipated, as first quarter promoted price points were higher compared to the prior year and as the reduced canister sizes began shipping in the latter part of the first quarter. Segment profit increased 13%, as coffee costs were higher compared to a year ago, but were more than offset by higher net pricing. The Dunkin' Donuts K-Cup launch and lower marketing spend also contributed to segment profit growth. On July 1 we announced a 6% price decline on the majority of our Coffee portfolio excluding K-Cups. This was in anticipation of green coffee costs turning favorable on a year-over-year basis as we head through the second quarter. Reflecting significant planned increases in marketing investments as we proceed through 2016, most notably in our second quarter, we continue to expect full-year segment profit growth in the mid-single-digit percent range for Coffee, somewhat equally weighted between the front and back halves for the fiscal year. Turning to Consumer Foods, net sales were comparable to the prior year, as favorable volume and mix was offset by list price declines taken during last fiscal year, most notably on peanut butter. Volume gains included a 6% increase for Jif peanut butter and a 4% increase for Smucker's Fruit Spreads, with sales of our Natural offerings continuing to grow in both categories. In addition, Uncrustables frozen sandwich volume was up 27%. Conversely, Crisco oils and Pillsbury baking mixes experienced mid-single-digit declines. Segment profit declined 1% for the first quarter from a strong prior-year comp when segment profit was up 15%. On a full-year basis, we continue to expect Consumer Foods segment profit to be down. This reflects an approximate $20 million headwind from incremental overhead related to the recently completed Memphis, Tennessee peanut butter facility. Net sales for our U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment were $550 million in the first quarter, adding Canadian Pet Food sales reported in our International business results. This represents a mid-single-digit percent increase over Big Heart's reported sales for the comparable period a year ago. Our top line momentum reflects the benefit of some of the marketing and other brand support investments made in the fourth quarter of last fiscal year. Pet Food segment profit was $90 million for the first quarter. While profitability comparisons to Big Heart's previously reported results are not exact given acquisition accounting, we estimate this represents a mid-teen percent increase over the prior year. Items on the plus side included higher volume and mix along with lower marketing and commodity costs. Partially offsetting this was lower net price realization, reflecting trade support in mainstream Pet Food due to the deflationary competitive environment and investments behind our product launches. In addition, the step-up in amortization expense significantly impacted segment profit. Although, Pet Food results exceeded our expectations for the quarter, timing around marketing spend and other items contributed to the profit over performance. We anticipate a significant increase in marketing spend for Pet Food in the second quarter behind new item launches, which will impact year-over-year comparisons. Overall, we expect Pet Food results for the first half of the year, as well as on a full-year basis, will be in line with our original projections. Lastly, net sales for International and Foodservice grew 7% in the quarter, reflecting the addition of the Pet Food business in Canada and higher volume and mix for the legacy businesses. Volume growth was led by Robin Hood flour and Folgers Coffee in Canada, along with Smucker's branded spreads and Uncrustables offerings in Foodservice. Segment profit was in line with the prior year. As anticipated, foreign currency had an impact on top line and bottom line results. While expected to remain a headwind in the coming quarters, we continue to pursue opportunities to offset much of this currency impact. Turning to cash flow, cash provided by operations was $305 million for the quarter compared to a use of cash of $8 million in the prior year. Along with higher income, depreciation and amortization, this increase primarily reflects lower working capital needs driven by lower green coffee costs and the ending inventory compared to the prior year and a timing benefit of tax payments and refunds. Factoring in capital expenditures of $53 million, free cash flow was $252 million. We ended the quarter with commercial paper borrowings at $303 million and long-term debt of $5.7 billion for a combined total debt of $6 billion. Based on our projected fiscal 2016 EBITDA of nearly $1.6 billion, our leverage stands at 3.8 times. Our full year estimate for free cash flow has increased from $850 million to $900 million assuming CapEx of $200 million. Let me conclude with an update on our full year sales and earnings outlook which is unchanged from our previous guidance. We continue to expect net sales to approximate $8 billion including the contributions of Pet Food along with legacy business growth of approximately 3%. Non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $5.65 to $5.80 for the year. Excluding amortization expense of approximately $1.15 per share, this would result in adjusted earnings per share of between $6.80 and $6.95. We expect the year-over-year EPS growth to fall in the back half of the fiscal year. As previously noted, this is primarily due to the timing of synergy recognition, anticipated lower green coffee costs being weighted toward the last six months and unfavorable FX impacts weighted toward the front half. Further, we anticipate second quarter results to be slightly behind last year primarily due to planned significant increase in marketing expense in support of our brands. We will provide further updates on our full year outlook following the second quarter, given better visibility into Fall Bake performance and as we progress on the Big Heart integration process. With that, we will open up the call to your questions. Operator, could you please queue up the first question?
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please state your question.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everybody.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Andrew.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Andrew.
Aaron Broholm - Director-Investor Relations: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. I think on Pet Food, you had mentioned that the majority of the synergies this fiscal year are likely to be back half weighted? As you mentioned, the profitability came in nicely this quarter. So, just trying to get a sense of, were there some – I guess, really, the issue is, if you're looking for $2.4 billion, I think, in sales for the full year, but were below that level in the first quarter, I guess, despite some distribution gains, trying to get a sense of what drives the acceleration to hit the run rate, if you will, of the $2.4 billion for the full year?
David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks: Okay, Andrew, this is Dave. How are you doing?
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, Dave.
David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks: Just let me take it into a – give you a couple of pieces. Remember that one thing is that the Canadian mainstream business was, in the modeling numbers, we would have given you when we bought the business. It's now in the International segment. So, there's a shift there. That business is obviously still healthy but it's going to be running the Canadian business. So, you're going to see a slightly smaller number. This is also the seasonally lowest quarter. So you can't just take this quarter and multiply out by four. This is because of the way merchandising in the category works and the timing in new item launches just tends to be the lowest quarter. So, I would look at it in a different way which would be to say, we only model 4% to 5% top line growth over time for this business. We're there in the first quarter. Our Pet Snacks business grew high single digits; that's what we expected it to do, that's what it grew in the quarter. Our Pet Specialty business was above high single digits. Some of that is pipeline filled as we've expanded the distribution footprint, but the core business is very healthy and offsetting that was, we were down in the mainstream business, particularly with some of the deflationary activity and promotional things that are going on in the market. But overall, we're right where we wanted to be on the model and as we project forward, I would still use that model to get to the number, just remembering it's a seasonally smaller quarter.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's helpful. I appreciate that perspective. And then with respect to the margin in Pet, I know you had some favorability as you mentioned from commodities and marketing which will shift a little bit into second quarter from a marketing standpoint. But the margin in Pet; is that something we should view as a sort of a reasonable, sustainable margin off of which to then layer on the synergies as we go through the back half of the year, or would you point out some discrete things in this quarter that wouldn't make that a base to work from?
David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks: I think over time, you would expect the margins to improve for two reasons. If you think about where the growth is going to come from, Pet Snacks had the highest margin in the Pet portfolio. I think some of the highest margins in the entire portfolio of the company. So, as we grow Pet Snacks high single digits over time, you get a very favorable mix effect in margins. And then the second thing is our Pet Specialty margins, we bought the business not too long ago with respect to Natural Balance, and we're just in the process now starting to put those margin improvement programs into place. So our margins in Pet Specialty are probably lower than some of the bigger competitors that you might be tracking that give out public data. And over time, we think our operating margins will improve in the Pet Specialty segment as we grow as well.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right.
Vincent C. Byrd - Vice Chairman: Andrew, this is Vince Byrd. I would also just make sure we all understand that the synergies will not all be reflected in the Pet SG&A margin percentages. Those will basically affect all of our businesses or SG&A as we go forward.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks for pointing that out, Vince. Thanks, everybody.
David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks: Thank you.
Vincent C. Byrd - Vice Chairman: Thank you, Andrew.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great, thank you and good morning.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, David.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, David.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I just wanted to go back to the savings. I think you said that the initial read here on looking at the savings program over the multi-years is that it's going to be higher than the $200 million. And that anything over that $200 million is going to be reinvested. Number one, did I hear that correctly? And then number two, can you actually quantify how much reinvestment you would expect?
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: This is Richard. You did hear that correctly. By doing the consolidating project we're doing, we've definitely confirmed that we can get above the $200 million but we really plan on investing that back into the business. We are not at this point in time sharing those numbers, but it gives us real confidence in the $200 million and it gives us some sort of a cushion to invest back in our marketing programs and innovation.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Richard, I suppose what I'm really just trying to get at, even if you don't want to give a number is that it's materially higher. When you look at a $2.5 billion or $2.4 billion Pet Food business and the synergies, you get a number. When you look at an $8 billion Smucker and you start to VBB [Value-Based Balance Sheet] and all these other tools, it's our expectation on the outside that you would get a materially higher number. Is that at least a philosophically correct statement?
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: It depends on how you define materially. It's a good number, but we're not doubling these savings. It's something like that. So just to let you know that it's a good number, but I don't want to put false expectations out.
Vincent C. Byrd - Vice Chairman: David, this is Vince. And I would characterize it also as this. First of all, we are very pleased with the benchmarking that our consulting firm did and as both Richard stated and Mark in their formal remarks, they also identified a nice working capital opportunity for us. But it really doesn't change what our teams are singly focused on over the next year, and that's all of the integration activities and achieving what we would probably call more combinational opportunities to achieve that $200 million. As we look at other areas that our consultant challenges on, we would view that as the bucket of some transformational things, and we haven't made the decision yet at this point. That will be made over the next 12 months to 18 months how much further we go. But again, I think the important thing is we were very pleased with the results and the benchmarking and there might be upside to those opportunities.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): If I could sneak one last question then on Coffee. I believe you guys kind of reiterated a mid-single digit profit growth here. But since the first quarter comes out, I think, better than your original guidance, certainly better than what we were modeling, kind of why wouldn't your expectations for the year have improved given the strong start in Coffee?
Steven Oakland - President-Coffee & Food Services: Hi, Dave, it's Steve Oakland, a couple things. We did have a great start in Coffee and that was driven by two things, as Mark talked about in his comments, both the Dunkin' Donuts K-Cup launch and better price cost relationship, even though we actually had a higher coffee prices this first quarter than we did a year ago, our promoted price in relation to that was better. But if we look at the second quarter, we need to look back to the prior year and if we remember the results of the prior year caused us to be very aggressive at managing spending across that business. And so, we had significantly lower than average marketing costs in the second quarter last year. So, there's a lot of moving parts. We feel great about our price cost relationship. In the comments, I think Richard mentioned that we downsized our canister. We did pass that savings along with that downsize. We also took a price decline. So, if you think about we have the downsized canister and the pricing reflected there, the price decline, we think we're in a great place for great performance in our merchandising for the second quarter. Now, that's going to allow us to spend more normal marketing and that normal marketing is going to be spent on the launch of Perfect Measures. So, we've got what we think is a very exciting innovation, one of the first innovations in roast and ground in some time, and we're pleased to be in a position to spend at a more normal level to support that launch. So, the marketing spend is probably the big difference. If you normalized marketing, you'd see much better year-over-year comparisons.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, thank you, good start to the year obviously. And as I talk to investors leading into the quarter, I think what I heard the most kind of concerns is on the top line guidance, not just for this year, 3% organic and then mid-single digit Pet. But going forward, because I think the perception is that the world has changed, that the growth algorithm is lower, and Smucker doesn't appear to have adjusted its kind of top line outlook to that reality. And I think you will get this question in future conferences to come but if you're – you have identified a bunch of savings, you've said on the call that your intention is to reinvest those savings to be able to hit those top line numbers. Do you feel like that that is really the best use of those savings if overall growth outlooks have changed?
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: I'll start. This is Richard. First of all, our growth outlooks – we're in two great categories, obviously Coffee and Pet. And then if you look at our Food side – and those are two great categories, but our third category is probably the base of our business, which is the Food side, which is Smucker's and peanut butter. Those are all I guess three good categories that we're in. We think they all have opportunities for growth. Pet we talked about mid-single digits, which we still think that is true. Coffee, there are commodities oriented with all these products. And so just in dollars, you may not get the right quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year. We have to price based upon where the commodities are. But we still see solid growth in all three of those businesses. Now in terms of absolute dollars, I think the industry is a little slower, but I think the categories that we're in still have solid mid-single growth rates. And I think that's what we still expect them to be.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Rob, this is Mark Belgya. I guess just to add to that, a couple of years ago we consciously increased the percentage of our organic growth to 3%. We moved our innovation from 1% to 2%. So it's tied to what Richard said, that innovation is clearly coming in those categories. But if you look at just the portfolio of what we brought to market last year and what we're bringing to market this year, we're not basing a lot of that growth on what I would call the traditional slower stuff. I think that should help. I think part of your question too, while I clearly aimed at organic, I too have heard similar commentary and I think a little bit challenges on the overall 6% as it relates to the M&A portion of the strategy, and I think it's a fair question. But as we've talked about and we continue to talk about, that's why we focus so much on this deleveraging because I think if we get somewhere out three years or so, two to three years, we'll be in a much better place that as M&A opportunities do provide themselves. So I can see at this point why there's a little reservation. Can we really get to the 6%? But I think if you give us a couple of years to delever, I think we'll be in a position to continue on the M&A side, which obviously has driven a lot of the top line, as we've hit our numbers over the last five years to 10 years, respectively.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And can I ask a follow-up regarding the synergies? You have an Analyst Day coming up. You don't have Analyst Days very often. Richard, can you give us an update at that time as to how much of the new synergies you are willing to articulate and quantify at that time?
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: I think what we'll do is we'll give you some more color. But we don't want to quantify at that point in time those extra synergies. But we'll probably give you some general directions in what we're doing. And we'll also talk a lot about innovation, and that's where a lot of those synergies will be put behind because we have a lot of things in the pipeline in all three of our segments, and we're going to spend behind those innovations. And so that's where we'd like to spend the extra dollars.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, I'll get back in the queue.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please state your question.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Alexia.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Mark T. Smucker - President, Consumer and Natural Foods: Good morning.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Can I ask about pricing dynamics with competitors on the Coffee side? If I remember correctly, you obviously led the price increase up a year ago, and I think Starbucks, some of the premium players didn't take pricing at that time. Now that you're taking pricing down again, is the dynamic improving there in terms of price gaps? Just generally, what are you seeing in the pricing environment? And then I have a follow-up.
Steven Oakland - President-Coffee & Food Services: Sure. Hi, Alexia, Steve Oakland. You are correct. Last year in June, we took a 9% price up. And this year in July we took a 6% down. The delta there is a little bit of a price/cost mix. There's one month of difference there and then there's a couple percent difference just based on green. Additionally, we passed on savings through the downsize of the canisters. So if you think about our mainstream business, we feel really good about that pricing. And we think that should – although the canister is down, we should see significant unit growth and hopefully modest volume growth because of the smaller canister. The pricing dynamic with Starbucks though is more in our premium business. And you're right, I think we have had great share gains over the years. We took price up. Some of the other premium players did not follow, but the current pricing has allowed us to get those cost relationships more in line. And we would hope that both the regular turns of those businesses because they sell a lot on regular turn and the promotional features will help. Specifically on Dunkin', the excitement around the K-Cup launch, we had about 40,000 or so displays, if you can believe that, out in the first quarter. And many of those displays had both bags and K-Cups. So we're hoping that the excitement around K-Cup can also – and the media that we're going to do around K-Cup, which is just starting this last week or so, will help that whole Dunkin' franchise. So we feel good about pricing and about the excitement around the merchandising.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And so as the follow-up, are you able to share what the annualized run rate sales on K-Cups would be now if you were to take the last month or so, roughly how quickly it's ramping up?
Steven Oakland - President-Coffee & Food Services: Mark?
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Alexia. This is Mark Belgya. We're using this opportunity to take a step back as far as how we're going to talk about our coffee brands. We really want to focus on the brands themselves. And I think we'd just reiterate what we said before. Our current K-Cup business prior to Dunkin' was around $300 million, and we said a time or two that we think it can equal that. But we're trying to step away a little bit from the tracking that's pulling the brands up to that level of detail. So hopefully, we'll be consistent with that and everyone can get comfortable with that over time.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please state your question.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Chris.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning. I have just two questions for you, if I could. The first would be as you look at the stronger than I had estimated underlying revenue growth from the quarter, it sounds like there was some benefit from the Pet Specialty channel building up some inventory there, Dunkin' K-Cups certainly. And then also I'm curious about the smaller canister, if the underlying Folgers benefited from that. I'm just trying to get a sense of this quarter maybe if revenue growth was a little inflated, maybe there's a little bit coming off Q2. I just want to understand the dynamic between the two quarters and maybe what benefited this quarter.
Steven Oakland - President-Coffee & Food Services: Chris, Steve Oakland. I can speak to Coffee. I think we are really pleased with how the canister transitioned. It really transitioned seamlessly but I don't think that really impacted the quarter. Most of the promotional activity in the quarter was on the same canister you had a year ago. We should see the impact of that in the second quarter. And I think it's both the ability to take price down. If you remember a year ago, we had taken a significant price increase. So, the year-versus-year, just absolute pricing difference makes both the retailer a little more excited about those features and hopefully, the consumer takeaway better.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, and then...
David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks: And, Chris, there's a little bit of pipeline in the Pet Specialty business as we expand the Natural Balance footprint. So the Natural Balance in the Pet Specialty segment was up certainly higher than high single digits in the quarter. We still see the overall year, still looking in that 4% to 5% range. There will be puts and takes as we go along. We had a more difficult time in the dry dog food part of the market this quarter. We wouldn't expect that to continue all year. So there will be puts and takes as we go along, but there's a little bit of pipeline as we get the distribution expansion on Natural Balance. But I think for the year, you can still look at that 4% to 5% and feel pretty good about it.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thank you for that. And just a quick follow-up if I could, you have, it sounds like, a pretty substantial increase in advertising coming in the second quarter. Was it down in the first quarter and if we think about kind of first half versus second half, is it kind of balancing out here in the first half? Do we still expect it to be up double digits for the year?
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Marketing will certainly be up. It was down just a little bit. As we said, Dave's timing is more in the second quarter support, Pet Food, but you'll see. And as Steve said, particularly year-over-year in his business, it's going to be dramatically up. So we're still tracking pretty much in line with what we said at the beginning of the year in terms of overall marketing. Now, as you know, as we move through the year, we use that a little bit as a lever. But right now, we feel pretty good where we are.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks for your time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning, folks. Thank you for the question.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jason.
Vincent C. Byrd - Vice Chairman: Good morning, Jason.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I apologize if I missed this in the prepared remarks, but I certainly missed it in the press release. The volume price contribution to organic growth by segment, can you walk us through that?
David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks: By segment, yes, we can do that. Well, obviously, in Coffee, we said our Folgers' volume was actually down 9%; why don't we pull that here and maybe cover that. If you've got another question and we can come back to that.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Sure. I've got another question. You're mentioning incremental savings with synergies. Is it fair to say when you say synergies, you're really just bucketing in efficiency throughout the organization, some of it related to the acquisition, some of it related to just overall productivity? And then the second part of that question, reinvestment; can you give us some color on where you see opportunity for reinvestment? Is it M&A? Is it diversification of your portfolio organically? Is it just more marketing? A little more thought or a little more color just in philosophically how you're thinking about that.
Vincent C. Byrd - Vice Chairman: Jason, this is Vince. I'll start. I would say our synergy targets, as we said, we're going to give a little more color during the Investment Day, but it's in the traditional areas of, quite frankly, head count, other SG&A and then total delivered cost. And if you put SG&A versus total delivered, it's about 50%/50% in terms of where our current target is as Richard said in his prepared remarks. In terms of where we invest or where we choose to invest over the $200 million as Richard said earlier, time will tell. But it will be probably more in innovation in top line and probably marketing.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: I'll just add a little color to that too because it's as we said. We're going to get $25 million of the synergies hitting the bottom line this year, but we are doing a lot of work to integrate these businesses and we are doing it, I would say the right way, measured, making sure that the businesses are solid, that our customers don't see any differences in terms of how we go to market, in terms of making sure that we're in line. And then, so most of that investment is going to come in the year two and year three against new products and innovation and that's where we would like to spend it. So, you're going to see that investment back at that time. You probably won't see much reinvestment this year, with the exception, as we've mentioned, we started the year good, our marketing programs and our marketing expenses are fully funded this year. And as Mark said, those are levers that you could pull throughout the year if you need to. But because we're off to a good start, we'd love to spend that money because that builds our brands for the long-term and we feel that we can do that this year and still hit the targets that we shared with the Street.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Jason, this is Mark. So, in our Coffee business volume mix would be about plus 4%, our Consumer Foods would be plus 3%, and our International and Foodservice would be around plus 6%.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. That's helpful, pretty good numbers across the board. Thanks for the color, guys. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc. Please state your question.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Farha.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: When you look at your 3% core growth target for this year, could you just share with us how much you anticipate that to be volume versus price/mix?
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Farha. Could you just repeat that? You were just a little low on our end, I'm sorry.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Sure. How much of that 3% growth in the core business that you anticipate this year will be from volume/mix versus pricing?
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's going to be primarily mix because on volume, you will recall we talked about with the downsizing of Coffee, we're going to lose it. We're measuring volume in tonnage, so we're going to have that as a drag. In terms of the pricing, we've got the Coffee, the price decline that we just took this summer, and then, a little bit of effect you had at the carryover on the peanut butter side. So, Dunkin', as we said, a lot of the 3% growth by can we use is coming in Coffee this year and it's being driven primarily by the K-Cup launch and then supplemented with the various innovations we've got across the organization.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then a longer-term question, going back to what Rob was asking about really growth drivers in your business and what we can expect out of them. So, are the three growth drivers Natural Food, Pet Food and Coffee?
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think a different way to think about that is more of what we've called sort of the big ideas that we've talked about. We've talked about growing Jif and Smucker's, and a lot of that's through innovation, both specifically in sort of traditional, but also pushing the brand in different categories. We've talked about Uncrustables, clearly, that continues to grow. In Coffee, really just that it continues to grow with the leader there and then, in Pet. So, yes, some of the stuff you said but it's somewhat embedded in those five areas or six areas as well.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: Yes. And I guess, I'll add to that, peanut butter just itself, it's been, continues to be a great category. And Snacking, almost every single category that we're in, whether it's Pet Snacks or Human Snacks, we're pushing Snacking across all of our lines, I guess, with the exception of Coffee. And those are kind of the areas that we're focusing on. Those are the big ideas.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: And on that, just you're running baking for essentially cash flow. Do you expect growth in baking? How should we think about that baking portfolio?
Mark T. Smucker - President, Consumer and Natural Foods: Hey, Farha, it's Mark Smucker. So, in the baking area, let me talk about last year. We had a great year last year. We won Fall Bake last year, and oils benefited significantly from a major customer of sort of having an outage in private label so that really helped. In addition to having a good Fall Bake, we had a great Fall Bake because of that. We are, as you recall, managing all of our categories, balancing volume, top line as well as profit and share. So, this year as you know or you may know, one of our major competitors took a price decline in core baking mixes, which we followed. And we expect them to be very aggressive through the period. So to my earlier comment just about balancing top line and bottom line, we will be competitive at targeted locations in both of those categories. But we think we'll have a decent Fall Bake, but will clearly be down from last year, just making sure again that we balance both top line and bottom line.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think, too, just to the point about managing cash. So you've got the profitability side of that contribution in cash, but it's not a big CapEx demand as we've invested previously in it. And I think as we've talked about earlier on the working capital program, I suspect there'll be some benefits from cash generation there too. So I don't want to say we're just managing for cash, but I think we will see cash generation at or better levels as we move forward on that particular part of the business.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research. Please state your question.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jon.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Just a couple on the Dunkin' Cup launch actually. First, there has been a lot of talk about some of the competitive activity within the single-serve market. And I know you're not calling out your metrics in that market, the single-serve versus cans specifically. But can you tell me – it sounds like you're happy with your launch. Was the price positioning of these Dunkin' K-Cups above average for your single-serve cups that are in the market today? It's my first question. My second question is would the contribution of those 100 million cups this quarter be profit contribution, be above the segment average which looks like 27.5%. Thanks very much.
Steven Oakland - President-Coffee & Food Services: Hi, Jonathan, Steve Oakland. Couple of things; yes. Dunkin' is in that premium segment, right. So, it's slightly above where Folgers is priced. And so, I mean it was an amazing launch quite frankly. If you think about it, you take one of, if not the largest, liquid coffee brands into mainstream K-Cup in the grocery store. So, the retailers, not just in the Northeast, but across the country were very excited about that. So, for the most part, we had trucks lined up at midnight the day we started shipping it, right. So, that kind of thing. So, we had great support there. The consumer has responded and it was not a – the whole segment really isn't driven by price points yet. So, let's hope we keep it that way. So, we gained share, but after one quarter, it's really hard given all of the shipments and all the channel things. It's hard to make a bet on the whole share gain for the year. But the early result share numbers were good as well. So I think you'll see that. I think you can expect that in the back half. Is it a higher margin item? No. And in fact, it performed reasonably well given the fact as early as it was in our launch, but like any launch, you've got all the cost, the marketing cost, the other things we invest in to put that product on the shelf. So...
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Hey, Jon, this is Mark Belgya again. Just to add one more thing to that. I think maybe a little longer-term bigger picture here is you got to remember that the arrangement is a three-party arrangement. So it naturally will have a slightly lower margin than existing the K-Cup business and clearly lower than the overall segment, yes.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for the question, good morning. Dave, I wonder if you could maybe come back to the dry dog softness. And I think if I heard it clearly, your view is the past weakness won't continue? And I guess maybe aside from the deflationary inputs there, it seems there's some share loss or share migration to smaller, natural organic brands. What gives you the confidence that dry dog improves going forward?
David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks: I think what you're seeing right now – and again, I think when you buy the syndicated data, I think you get a number that's dog and cat, and we look at it as dry and wet, so I think you don't see the full picture. If you look at it over 52 weeks of a brand like Kibbles 'n Bits, we're down 10 basis points in share over 52 weeks. If you look at the last quarter, that's been accelerated, but that's really all about price points and opening price points, and we took our price up in the quarter and we lost some share. So what we're doing in that business over time is managing it for profit as well as for share. So we're pleased with the profitability of our dry cat and dog businesses. Soybean meal and corn are the largest inputs in the dry food business. They're at lows and are much lower than prior years. So you're going to see some of that reflected in price points at the shelf, but it is not a pass-through category. So over time, as you see commodities come back up, you also won't see all of it passed back through in terms of prices going up and down. So it's a little different than the categories. This is a big, big, big category over time. It's been relatively flat over time. Right now we're deflationary. So I think we're managing it for a combination of share and profits. So I'm not all that concerned about it. On a long-term basis, people still will feed, and this will be a relatively flat tonnage part of the business. You do see a significant migration away into Pet Specialty over time. We have two great brands in Pet Specialty. We have Nature's Recipe, which is a gateway brand into Pet Specialty. And then we have the Natural Balance business, which we're rolling out our distribution footprint. So as that migration occurs, we're well positioned to take advantage of it. We've got a great brand in Kibbles 'n Bits and a very good brand in Gravy Train as well in dry dog. So I think you can't overreact to something in a deflationary period. The business was a little softer than we'd like it to be, but we also hit the profit targets for the dry business overall.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, Dave. And then just maybe, just for the company conceptually in totality, coming back to the framework for the top line outlook and relating specifically to the Natural Foods business, it is a smaller part of your business now. But is this an area where you feel you can lean a bit harder going forward, either organically with truRoots or through M&A as you delever from Big Heart? It would seem that Natural Foods is an area where there's untapped potential. Is that a fair statement?
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: Mark?
Mark T. Smucker - President, Consumer and Natural Foods: Yes, sure. This is Mark Smucker. That is a great business, and it's actually off to a very good start this year. Our core, we have a reasonably large beverage business in that we recently restaged the Santa Cruz Organic brand, and we are seeing some very nice growth in that core business, if you will. And like some of even the mainstream businesses, just pushing out in all the brands, whether it be truRoots, R.W. Knudsen, Santa Cruz Organic, all of those brands have some good runway. And so we would expect the total Natural Foods business, albeit still relatively small, to grow probably greater than our core businesses for sure.
Vincent C. Byrd - Vice Chairman: Yes.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, Mark.
Vincent C. Byrd - Vice Chairman: If I can add to that, just like the Snacking business, as we're looking at simpler ingredient labeling for all of our brands and more natural, so we have a Natural Smucker's jam and jelly, which we came up with a few years ago and is doing extremely well. We have Smucker's now made sweetened with honey, and actually it's doing very well again though. And it's growing faster than the core brands, but they're very small. So we're trying to do that across every single category that we're in and even Pet, more natural, simple ingredients in Pet. So it's where the consumer wants to go. It's where we're headed. And as I talked about earlier with innovation, all of our brands, all of our categories are pushing both snacks, natural, simple ingredients. And we're seeing a lot of growth in all of those areas.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you, Vince.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson of Consumer Edge. Please state your question.
Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay, thanks. Just quickly, I know there's a lot of discussion obviously around Pet right now, in Coffee, and I think Farha touched on the baking business. Over a longer period of time, I think we've seen pressure in the baking business for a lot of obvious reasons. You say it's capital intensive, it's definitively generating cash; it's all positive. But going forward, if we continue to see the volume declines in that business, would you ever consider thinking about divestment such that you could accelerate deleverage on Big Heart and improve top line growth? Thanks.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: This is Richard. It's a very solid business. It gives up good cash flow every year. Some years it's up more than down, some years up more than others, some years down more than others. But we always do look at our portfolio. And so we never say as long as it's – we're not changing the values upon which the company was founded, we definitely say we look at our portfolio and we will make changes and see if it fits long term. But right now, we are satisfied with most of the brands that we've got, but from time to time we look at that.
Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay, fair enough. And then just quickly, Mark, just housekeeping. Tax rate obviously in Q1 was a headwind, much higher than annual guidance. I guess the assumption if you're not changing that guidance is that it will be lower as we go through the year.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we'll average back down to the 35% I mentioned, pretty much to say I think you can use that lower down in each of the three quarters as well. It's not a phase down for Q4.
Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Andersen of William Blair. Please state your question.
Jon R. Andersen - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks for the question, everybody.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Jon, good morning.
Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Jon R. Andersen - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. I guess maybe a little bit of an odd question. But you were talking earlier, I think, Richard, thinking about where the consumer is going and some of the megatrends out there around health and wellness in Snacking. And so, I guess my question relates more to e-commerce and is there a role or maybe how big a role for e-commerce is kind of a go-to market channel is there in your business, where you see some of the opportunities and what initiatives you may have kind of underway to pursue that? And then the second part of that question is just kind of bigger picture for the industry for CPG manufacturers. Do you see that kind of a net positive or is it more of a challenge? And one of the things that I think about is and there's probably a big business in building the basket via in-store merchandising and as things maybe moved away from in-store more to online, you lose that kind of ability to generate that impulse purchase. I know there's a lot there but any thoughts you have around that would be instructive? Thanks.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: I'm going to ask the team to comment on that. I'll just make a first comment that e-commerce this year we're actively involved in it. We think, however the consumer gets their products, we want to make sure that we can deliver it to them. Some of that will be through our traditional customers who have e-commerce initiatives which most of them now have and some will be through strictly e-commerce providers. But we think that's where a lot of consumers want to get their products. And so it depends upon the product that we have. I mean some products are certainly easier copies, very easy to ship by e-commerce. Pet Food is probably pretty easy to do by e-commerce. And some of our other products with less likely but we're looking at all opportunities. Dave, you might have a comment on that.
David J. West - President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks: I only have good comments about this. I think as Richard said, Pet Food is one of the categories where you've got a number of retailers who are moving and have their own omni-channel businesses and we've been participating with that for years. And one of the areas that we talked about, when we talk about reinvesting any amount of the savings above the $200 million, building capabilities in this area is something that we're already doing. We're channel agnostic in terms of the better consumer. We want to reach the consumer. That becomes more and more important at that digital, so we are building digital capabilities and a digital ecosystem. Shopper marketing and the ability to use the big data that we all have to do better targeting and better shopper marketing program is an area that we're building out capability. And then merchandising and go-to-market activities, particularly around launching innovation and how you get innovation to the right consumer in the trial period when you have your marketing; all of those things are capabilities that we have – both companies have in some form. And we will continue to build out and we're pretty excited about those platforms. I think when we get to the Investor Day in October, when you see some of our brand and category presentations, you'll be able to see what we're doing in the digital, social and shopper marketing areas. It's pretty exciting, but I think the reality of it is we need to own the relationship with our consumer because they're going to shop in more and more places over time. And so, we're really focused on owning that relationship and then meeting them when they want their information and where they want it. And that's going to be more and more on their mobile device. So, more to come on it. I think the whole industry is moving. We're excited about where we are because we think they have categories that lend themselves to really great consumer interaction.
Vincent C. Byrd - Vice Chairman: This is Vince maybe just to add just one other dimension to it. The other thing that we're doing is looking at how our consumer gets information about our brands and products through their mobile devices and we're very close working with our industry on that front as well. So, it's all about consumer transparency in terms of information and our teams are working hard to fulfill that void as well.
Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer: So, Jon, hopefully you see we're excited about this area and we're invested in it.
Jon R. Andersen - William Blair & Co. LLC: No, that's really helpful. I appreciate all the commentary around that. Thanks.
Operator: I will now turn the conference call back to management to conclude.
Aaron Broholm - Director-Investor Relations: We want to thank everybody for being on today. We look forward to seeing all of you, if possible, in New York in a month or so. And so have a great week, and holiday weekend coming up. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the re-broadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820, with a pass code of 2880183. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you, all, for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-06-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Broholm - Director, Investor Relations Richard Smucker - Chief Executive Officer Vince Byrd - Vice Chairman Mark Belgya - Chief Financial Officer Steve Oakland - President, Coffee and Foodservice Mark Smucker - President, Consumer and Natural Foods Dave West - President, Pet Food and Snacks
Analysts: David Driscoll - Citi Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Chris Growe - Stifel Ken Goldman - J.P. Morgan Jason English - Goldman Sachs Alexia Howard - Bernstein Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Farha Aslam - Stephens Rob Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the J. M. Smucker Company’s Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that the conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open the conference up for question and answers after the presentation. Please limit yourself to two initial questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if then you have any additional questions. I would now like to turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. Here with me on the call are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; Vince Byrd, Vice Chairman; Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer; Barry Dunaway, President, International and Chief Administrative Officer; Steve Oakland, President Coffee and Foodservice, Mark Smucker, President, Consumer and Natural Foods; and Dave West, President, Pet Food and Snacks. Our prepared comments this morning will be organized as follows: Richard will begin with an overview of our fiscal 2015 performance and initial thoughts as we head into fiscal 2015; Vince will then provide color on the results for our business segments; and Mark will close with additional comments on our fourth results and an overview of our 2015 outlook. During this conference call we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the Company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning forward-looking statements. Additionally, please note the Company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally as detailed in our press release, located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. Given the significant impact of the Big Heart Pet Brands acquisition on our fourth quarter and full year results, a reconciliation of non-GAAP earnings per share excluding these impacts was provided in this morning’s press release. A replay of this call will be available on our website. If you have any follow-up questions after today’s call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Since the last time we spoke with many of you, we announced two exciting milestones that have strengthened our business and supported our objective of delivering the long-term growth. First, we closed the Big Heart Pet Brands acquisition on March 23rd, ahead of our original schedule. I’d like to once again welcome Dave West to Smucker’s, as we look forward to his continuing leadership as President of the Pet Food business and as a member of our Board of Directors. After the close, our teams immediately hit the ground running with a focus on welcoming the Big Heart employees to our company, gaining a deeper understanding of the business and beginning to execute on our integration plans. The more we learn, the more excited and confidence we have in the Pet Food business and its people and its fit with the Smucker Company. Second, during the fourth quarter, we expanded our partnership with Dunkin' Brands and Keurig Green Mountain through agreements which provide us exclusive rights to distribute and market Dunkin' Donuts K-Cup in grocery, mass and other retail channels where our K-Cup are currently sold. Our initial shipments began May 1st, and we’ve been extremely pleased with the customer and consumer response to-date. We anticipate Dunkin' Donuts K-Cups will be a key driver of top and bottom line growth for our Coffee segment in fiscal 2016. We will share more on both of these topics during our call today. Let me now provide a brief overview of our fiscal 2015 results. The challenges we have spoken to over the past few quarters in our coffee business resulted in total Company net sales and earnings per share performance following short of our original expectations for the year. That said, we still firmly believe coffee is a great category and expect to achieve mid single digit percentage segment profit growth in 2016. We were pleased with the 2015 performance of our Consumer Food segment, which achieved record profit performance of $433 million this past year. Volume performance in the segment was led by Jif, Crisco and Smucker’s Uncrustables brands with Uncrustables achieving its third consecutive year of double-digit volume growth in U.S Retail. New product launches across our Consumer Foods portfolio also contributed to 2015 results. In addition, during the year, we completed the acquisition of the Sahale snack brand, providing a new snacking platform that we look to leverage throughout our businesses. Our International, Foodservice, and Natural Foods segment was significantly impacted by foreign currencies along with the planned foodservice business rationalizations. Despite these headwinds, segment profit was comparable to the prior year. Further, we are encouraged by the third and fourth quarter trends with this segment and remain confident in the underlying businesses as we move ahead. Looking at a few other accomplishments this past year. Our innovation pipeline continued to generate results as sales from products launched in the past three years contributed approximately 7% to our 2015 net sales. Products introductions this past fiscal year included Café Bustelo K-Cups, Jif To Go Dippers, and Pillsbury purely simple baking mixes, just to name a few. We continue to invest in our manufacturing footprint to support future innovation and growth. Approximately $230 million in CapEx was spent in 2015 excluding the Pet Food business. Key activities included the completion of our new peanut butter facility in Memphis, Tennessee along with investments in our New Orleans coffee facilities. While investing in the business, we also remain committed to returning cash to shareholders. This past year, we increased our quarterly dividend rate by 10%, representing our 13th consecutive year of dividend growth and our 56th consecutive year of dividend payments. We entered fiscal 2016 as a larger, stronger and more diversified company. And we are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. While Mark will provide more details in our guidance for the year in a moment, let me highlight a few focused areas for 2016. These include first: Integrating the Pet Food business and beginning to capitalize on the synergies and growth opportunities presented by this transaction; second, we’re focusing our bigger growth opportunities that we’ve spoken to previously, particularly within coffee and the Jif, Smucker’s and Uncrustable brands. While we continue our innovation, momentum across our key product lines including pet food, we’re also strengthening our marketing efforts in support of these innovations along with the initial initiatives around our sponsorship of the 2016 Summer Olympic Games next year; and fourth, we’re increasing our focus on our working capital efficiencies in order to meet our de-leveraging activities. Lastly, on November 20th of this year, we will celebrate the 50th anniversary of Smucker’s being listed on the New York Stock Exchange. In conjunction with this event, we’ll be hosting an Investor Day at the exchange. We’ll provide more details as the date approaches and we hope to see many of you there. In closing, 2015 was the year of significant change for our company, culminating with the largest M&A transaction in the company history. We’d like to thank all of our employees for their hard work and dedication over this past year. And once again, I’d like to welcome all of the Big Heart team to the Smucker Company. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our long-term strategy, the strength of our brands and our ability to deliver growth in 2016 and beyond. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Vince.
Vince Byrd: Thank you, Richard and good morning everyone. I will begin by previewing the key points for our business segments. First, fourth quarter results for the base Smucker business were in line with the guidance we provided in February. Second, we continue to be pleased with the overall performance of our Consumer Foods and International Foodservice and Natural Food segments. As expected, Consumer Foods fourth quarter results were softer than the prior year while International Foodservice and Natural Foods had a strong finish to 2015. Third, the competitive dynamics in the Coffee remained a headwind in the fourth quarter, impacting volume and segment profit performance as anticipated. However, as we enter the new fiscal year, we are executing our plans that will further strengthen our coffee business and remain confident in future growth. Lastly, our teams have been hard at work developing the organization structure and plans for a successful integration of the Pet Food business. We remain excited about the potential of this business and are well-positioned to capitalize on growth and cost saving opportunities. With that, I’ll provide some additional color on our segments, starting with U.S. Retail Coffee. Fourth quarter volume trends declined sequentially from the third quarter, reflecting continuing competitive dynamics in the category and consumer response to higher price points. Promoted prices in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year were significantly higher than in the prior year, given the underlying green coffee costs. However, behind the higher net pricing and favorable mix, net sales only declined marginally in the quarter compared to last year. As we enter 2016, we expect the Coffee segment to deliver, both net sales and segment profit growth for the year. A few of the key factors supporting our confidence are as follows: First, we expect to recognize lower green coffee costs as we proceed through the year, which we have begun passing through to our customers and consumers in the form of lower promoted price points on the Folgers mainstream offerings. Second, we are on track to complete the conversion of our Folgers large can to a reduced canister later this summer. These cost savings will also be passed along to our customers and consumers, resulting in a further improvement in price points. While we anticipate Folgers volume decreasing modestly as a result of the downsizing, units sold are expected are expected to be up. Third, our Dunkin' Donuts K-Cup launch is off to a strong start. Our teams have done a great job executing our plans and we have received strong support from our partners, Keurig Green Mountain and Dunkin' Donuts. Over time, we project these offerings could double our current K-Cup business, which approached $300 million in net sales this past year. Fourth, we had good momentum in our Café Bustelo brand, driven by growth in the core mainstream canister as well as the K-Cups, following the successful launch. Lastly, we remain committed to supporting the long-term health of our coffee brands. To that end, fiscal ‘16 plans include resetting our marketing investments in support of our base business and new products, most notably our introduction of Folgers Perfect Measures in several lead markets. Turning to our U.S. Retail Consumer Foods business, we are pleased with its performance, achieving 10% segment profit growth for the fiscal year. However, as expected, segment profit was below the prior year in the fourth quarter. In fiscal 2015, both back-to-school and holiday periods were some of the most successful in the Company’s history. Here are few highlights by category: The Jif brand volume grew 2% for the year. With our cost position now improved, we have better everyday price points and are seeing contributions from innovation such as Jif To Go Dippers. Volume for the Smucker’s fruit spread was in line with the prior year. Driven by our natural offerings, we continue to gain those volume and dollar share in the latest 12 and 52-week periods. Smucker’s Uncrustables frozen sandwiches achieved a 13th consecutive quarter of double-digit volume growth and ended the full year up 17%. The Crisco brand had a second consecutive strong year, aided by moderating cost -- commodity cost. While competitive activity in the oils category has increased off late, we are pleased with the Crisco’s overall performance for the year. The baking category was challenged by shifts in consumer behavior and aggressive competitive pricing which has continued into fiscal 2016. Accordingly, our Pillsbury brand was an area of softness in the Consumer Foods portfolio for the year as it performed in line with the category. Lastly, during the fourth quarter, we completed the integration of the Sahale Snacks acquisition. We remain focused of pursuing distribution opportunities for Sahale Snacks brand and are pleased with the initial results as we exceeded our 2015 sales projections for this business and look forward to a strong growth in 2016. For the overall Consumer Foods business, we anticipate lower commodity costs in 2016. We also look for innovation momentum to continue including product launches spanning all of our key brands. We have marketing initiatives plan to support these new products and overall brand equity. Lastly, we are pleased with our Memphis peanut butter facility which completed on time and on budget, providing additional capacity and flexibility to support future growth of the Jif brand. The International Foodservice and Natural Food segment achieved 10% segment profit growth in the fourth quarter following a 13% increase in the third quarter. Full year 2015 net sales and segment profit were in line with the prior year. We are pleased with these results, given the significant impacts of foreign currency and the plant rationalization within our Foodservice business. As we enter fiscal 2016, the effects of foreign currency, is expected to increase due to a weakened Canadian dollar versus the prior year. We are estimating an incremental profit headwind of approximately $20 million or $0.11 a share with our Canadian business. As our underlying performance in Canada remains strong, we look to build on the volume market-share gains we achieved across nearly all of our categories this past year and pursue opportunities to offset the foreign currency challenge. Within Foodservice, we have strong momentum with our Smucker’s branded portion control offerings, Folgers roast and ground coffee and Uncrustables frozen sandwiches. As we look for these trends to continue, specific to Uncrustables, we realize the initial benefits from re-entering the USDA schools programs in the fourth quarter and anticipate regaining the exited business over the next two years. Overall, our Foodservice portfolio is well-positioned for profitable growth. Lastly in Natural Foods, the strong performance of our branded beverage portfolio continued in the fourth quarter. Our truRoots brand, more stability in quinoa cost has allowed us to improve our pricing position heading into fiscal 2016 and we expect trends in this business to improve significantly. Finally, within the Pet Food segment, Smucker’s fourth quarter included approximately six weeks of operating results for Big Heart. Looking at the full fiscal year, on a standalone basis and before purchase accounting adjustments, net sales fell slightly below our 2015 projection of $2.3 billion and adjusted EBITDA was approximately $420 to $430 million compared to our previous estimate of $450 million. On the top-line, the shortfall was driven by softness in mainstream Pet Food due to a continued deflationary pricing environment. The lower than projected EBITDA primarily reflected marketing investments in the fourth quarter in support of brand building efforts for our mainstream pet food and pet snacks brands. We also chose to invest in promotional support behind natural balance in advance of expanding the brand’s footprint in the pet specialty channel which is scheduled to occur in the first half of 2016. This expansion fuels our optimism regarding the growth prospects for our pet food business. While we expect mainstream pet food to remain challenged by the current competitive dynamics, we anticipate strong growth for both our pet snacks and premium pet food brands. In addition to planned distribution expansion in the pet specialty channel, innovation is expected to be a key contributor. Building on the successful launch of Milk-Bone Brushing Chews, this fiscal year, we are introducing Milk-Bone Good Morning, a line of daily vitamin treats for dogs and Meow Mix Irresistible, a line of cat treats. We also look to leverage our recent launch of Wild Pursuit, an on trend high protein line extension for the Natural Balance brand. Further, we see growth potential for the pet food business in Canada as the brands are under-indexed in this market compared to our U.S. business. As Richard indicated, a significant focus in the near-term will be the seamless integration of the pet food business and beginning to achieve our synergy targets. Our collective teams have been actively reviewing business processes and learning from each other in order to identify and implement best practices. We’re working to validate our initial integration assumptions and we’ll finalize specific timing over the next couple of months. In closing let me reinforce that we are excited about the initiatives we have in place to grow all of our businesses. We have great brands and what we believe is one of the best teams in the industry to execute on our plans. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Belgya: Thank you Vince and good morning everyone. Let me start with a few additional comments on the fourth quarter; I will then discuss 2015 cash flow performance and conclude with our 2016 outlook. Fourth quarter earnings were significantly impacted by several non-comparable items related to the Big Heart acquisition as noted in this morning’s press release, resulting in a reported net loss for the quarter. In the release, we included a reconciliation of reported results to what our estimated non-GAAP earnings per share would have been, excluding acquisition and financing activities. This was done to provide a comparison of our annual performance to the updated annual guidance we provided in February, which excluded any impact related to these items. The reconciliations reflect fourth quarter EPS of $0.98 and full year non-GAAP EPS of $5.38, which was in line with expectations. Cash provided by operations was $222 million for the fourth quarter, bringing the full year total to $733 million. Factoring in CapEx of $248 million, free cash flow was $485 million for 2015. We ended the year with $226 million in commercial paper borrowings and $5.9 billion in long-term debt with the combined debt of nearly $6.2 billion and pro forma EBITDA of approximately $1.5 billion for 2015. We ended the fiscal year with a leverage ratio of just over 4 times. Turning to our 2016 outlook, we anticipate net sales to approximate $8 billion, driven by the addition of the Pet Food business along with organic growth. Profit contributions from the acquired Pet Food business, initial synergy savings and base business growth particularly in the coffee segment are expected to result in non-GAAP operating income in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.25 billion. Reflecting incremental interest expense and a higher weighted average share count, we are guiding non-GAAP EPS to a range of $5.65 to $5.80 for the year. It is important to note this range includes approximately $210 million or $1.15 per share of estimated non-cash amortization for 2016. This compares to approximately a $100 million or $0.65 per share of amortization in our adjusted non-GAAP EPS for 2015 before the impacts of the acquisition. As the Pet Food transaction significantly increased our intangible assets and annual amortization expense, we are going to emphasize earnings per share excluding amortization as an additional metric. We believe that supplemental information allows investors to better evaluate the Company’s performance compared to our peers and provide the proxy for cash earnings per share which is important, given significant increase in the Company’s debt position and our stated deleveraging objective. To that end, our 2016 guidance range would be $6.80, $6.95 excluding amortization. Assuming the midpoint of this range, this would represent an approximate 15% increase over the comparable EPS measure for 2015. Let me provide further color on the specific components of our 2016 guidance. Included in our net sales outlook is approximately $2.4 billion of total Pet Food sales. For the remainder of the business, we anticipate organic sales growth of approximately 3% with Dunkin' Donuts K-Cup and other new products being key contributors. We anticipate net commodity cost to be favorable, primarily due to lower green coffee costs beginning in the second quarter of the fiscal year. However, the continued weakness in the Canadian dollar is expected to result in higher costs of goods sold for International business. And overall, we anticipate gross margin of approximately 37% in 2016. We estimate that SG&A will be approximately 19% of net sales. In addition to expenses associated with the Pet Food business, we anticipate increase is related to resetting our marketing and our incentive compensation budgets. Regarding synergies, we continue to project a total of approximately $200 million on a run rate basis by the end of fiscal 2018. We’re focused on achieving these cost savings by leveraging our scale as an $8 billion company and recently engaged a well-regarded consulting firm with significant expertise in its area to help us maximize the results of these efforts. While we remain confident in achieving our overall synergy target within our initial timeframe, we are being thoughtful in the process to ensure a successful integration. As a result, we’ve included a synergy estimate of approximately $25 million in our operating income guidance for 2016. Below operating income, net interest expense of approximately $180 million is anticipated, reflecting our current debt structure and expectations of interest rates and debt repayments. Our guidance range assumes an effective tax rate in line with 34.1% rate for 2015. And lastly a weighted average share count of a $119.7 million shares is used, reflecting a 15% increase over fiscal 2015, due to shares issued in connection with the Pet Food acquisition. We do not anticipate any repurchase of shares in 2016. We expect much of the EPS growth over the prior year to be back-half loaded due to several factors. These include the timing of the synergy recognition, green coffee cost decreasing through the year, the impact of unfavorable FX weighted towards the front half of the year and finally, a strong first quarter but a softer second half in fiscal 2015. Looking briefly at the segments, much of the 2016 profit growth will come from the full year addition of the Pet Food business. We anticipate the remaining segment profit growth to be driven almost entirely by an estimated 5% to 6% increase for the Coffee segment. Consumer Foods segment profit will be impacted by overhead related to the New Memphis facility in 2016. However, future growth of our Jif business is expected to absorb these additional costs over time. Segment profit for International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segments will be impacted by foreign currency headwinds of approximately $20 million or $0.11 per share which is expected to mostly offset gains in the underlying businesses of this segment. We project free cash flow will approximate $850 million for 2016, using the midpoint of our EPS guidance range. In addition to previously mentioned amortization expense, key drivers include depreciation and share-based compensation expense of approximately $250 million, restructuring and merger and integration costs of approximately $110 million of which half are expected to have the cash impact, capital expenditures of $200 million. And lastly, we’re exploring opportunities to improve our working capital efficiency as part of the previously noted consulting project. We anticipate this may provide some upside to our free cash flow estimate for 2016. As we’ve indicated previously, we intend to apply a significant portion of our future free cash flow to meet our deleveraging objectives. Given the recent changes in our company and a new management structure announced in late fiscal 2015, we’re currently evaluating the related impact on our reportable segments. To the extent this evaluation results in any changes to our segments, we intend to follow Form 8-K this summer, announcing any such changes and recasting prior year results to reflect the new reporting structure. Further regarding the leadership changes, let me briefly summarize how we intend to handle the questions specific to business segments result on today’s call. While the changes were affected in April, the individuals who oversaw the segment for the majority of the past year will take the lead in addressing the questions. Specifically Mark will cover Coffee; Vince for Consumer Foods, for International, Foodservice, and Natural Foods; Dave of course will address questions related to Pet Food business. And also as a reminder, we will be participating in the Consumer Industry Investor Conference in Paris next Wednesday. Who would like to listen to our presentation, a live webcast will be available through our Investor Relations website. With that we will open up the call to your questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. [Operator Instructions]. Please standby for the first question. And we’ll go to David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll: I wanted to start off with the Pet Food business; can you tell us what’s the expected EBIT margin for Big Heart in 2016? And then in addition, can you talk about the plans for Natural Balance? We see the Natural Balance brand on the PetSmart website and I’m pretty interested in that, would love to understand what kind of growth you expect in the brand and just simply kind of what’s the promotional programs that you have tied in with these events.
Mark Belgya: This is Mark Belgya and then I’ll let Dave to cover the business. Specific to question, we’re not going to provide that; we wouldn’t typically do that for any of our other businesses. What I would say is that and I think we made, this is back when we acquired the business that obviously it is good profit business. At gross margin level, we said we’re going to beat all in at 37% for the year and their business clearly will help support that growth from what we’ve had this past year.
Dave West: With respect to the Natural Balance, we completed the acquisition a little bit more than a year ago. So, we are in the process now of evaluating strategy for the business on a forward basis. We want to make sure that consumers who shopped in at specials here Independence channel, have the opportunity to buy the Natural Balance brand wherever they are shopping. It’s not unusual for brands in that specialty and Independence pet start in one place and then move across the channel over time. So our focus for Natural Balance and the strategy of building the brand is to get it across the channels where average consumers want to meet the brand. So we’re pretty confident that expanding the distribution footprint at this point more broadly is the right thing to do, both for the consumers and the brand franchise help. We recognize the unique nature of programming in the channel. And in the prepared comments, Vince mentioned that in the fourth quarter we were spending some promotional dollars. And what we’re really doing across the retail landscape and pet specialty and Independence making sure the brand has the right kind of awareness and same programming as we stand. So, we’re really comfortable about doing it. You’ll see it in the first half of the year. We value the relationships with all the retailers across pet specialty and Independence. And I’m not going to get into specifics. But you will see unique programming and unique assortment across the channel but the Natural Balance brand, our goal is to have it available everywhere by the end of the year. 
David Driscoll: And if could ask one question on coffee which are -- just kind of big picture. Coffee profits were down something like 14% in 2015. But you guys are giving guidance of up mid single digits. So like on its own, mid single digits sounds good but when you look at the decline in 2015, it’s not so good. What’s your opinion here of what’s happening within your coffee operations; why only a partial recovery here; are you satisfied with what’s happening in coffee?
Richard Smucker: I’ll start and then I’ll turn it over to Mark to talk. Mark and Steve can talk about next year. Couple of things, one is first of all, we recognize in the first quarter we’re going to be challenge because we still have some high cost coffee and so our margins in the first quarter are not going to be where we like them to be. So, most of the gain is going to come in the last half of the year. So, if you are looking on a full year basis, it’s probably almost the double-digit gain but not over because of the first quarter and probably in the second quarter, you won’t see that this year. But it will probably take us -- took us about 18 months to get where we are and probably take us 12 months to get back but it’s going to be in the last half of the year. But it’s still a great business; it’s still great margins. Our raw material costs are coming back in line. Our pricing on the retail shelf is getting much better. And so, I think you’re going to definitely see that. But you’re going to see the pricing earlier in this year. But our margins will actually benefit us latter half of the year.
Mark Smucker: I would just point out too David that the prior year was clearly a record year, a year that truly started all line being at all the tailwinds we needed. Going into this year, we are -- in the fourth quarter we saw how is the largest gap year-over-year in terms of commodity cost. And so, those will moderate as we go forward. But as Richard pointed out, the moderation is really more significant after the first quarter.
Steve Oakland: The other thing I think we look out there is some exciting innovation in this category for next year. So, we’ve returned to marketing in more historic levels and we’re investing in the lead markets for Perfect Measures. We think that’s the first real innovation in roast and ground in a number of years. And we want to make sure that we have enough spending to drive that. And additionally you’re going to see some tailwind behind the Dunkin' K-Cup launch and that’s off to a fantastic start. But again, we’re going to make sure that’s funded as well. So, we’re going to make sure that marketing budgets behind both of those key initiatives show their success.
Operator: We’ll go next to Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman: I guess one of the questions that seems to be kind of being pain to us is the synergy target you talked about at CAGNY for this coming year versus the $25 million that you listed today; is the difference A&P spending in pet or is there something else explaining that difference?
Vince Byrd: A couple of things. First of all, we remain comfortable with our $200 million target over three years. Given what’s going on in our industry, my couple of CPG companies, we felt we needed to take pause. And as Mark said in his formal remarks, engage a well-regarded consulting firm in this phase to really challenge our cost structure across our new $8 billion company. So that along with trying to ensure that we leverage the best practices of both companies as opposed to maybe just integrating into the existing Smucker model has forced us to take pause on some of our original assumptions as it relates to integration. And so accordingly, although we feel very comfortable at this point with the 200 million, we felt that it was only prudent to reduce the year one guide to ensure we met our guidance down to the 25 million. I would also say that as Mark said in his prepared remarks so, we were also looking at a working capital objective too that we feel very comfortable with. So, the bottom line is it’s just a matter of timing at this point where we feel very comfortable over the long-term of achieving the $200 million.
Eric Katzman: And then I guess to maybe this is to Mark. So, I wasn’t really thinking about a $0.10 FX headwind from Canada. And then maybe there is another -- the difference I guess maybe versus consensus, so where you’re guiding to is also tied to the synergies. Is that kind of the way to think about the differences versus maybe consensus?
Mark Belgya: Yes, let me kind of walk through because you hit it. If you do look at kind of what consensus out there, I think there is four pieces of the puzzle of which three probably offset. In our scripted comments, we’ve talked about what our annual estimate for amortization and interest are versus where we were couple of months ago. So that actually is positive; so that’s ballpark is about $0.14 or $0.15. If you take the synergy impact, that’s about $0.14 or $0.15 going the other way. So that’s kind of a wash. So what remains that other fourth item is really the Canadian FX. So, it is $0.11, $20 million; the anticipation is we’ll be able to offset some of that. There is initiatives being put in place but obviously this has to pan out over time and then there’ll be back half. So I think the way you describe it is exactly that how we would suggest where it might be versus where is sort of the mid to upper part of our range would be, for our guidance.
Operator: We’ll go next to Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: I just wanted to ask if I could on the Consumer Foods business. In some of the areas where you’ve taken some more aggressive pricing actions in relation to the input cost being down, oils and peanut butter in particular, we’ve seen relatively soft volumes. So I was surprised by that here in the fourth quarter. So I want to get a sense of your reaction to that or how you -- is that promotional inefficiency that’s occurring there? And then your expectations for fiscal ‘16 in that division, should we see that volume softness persist?
Vince Byrd: Let me just say that overall we’re very happy with our results of our peanut butter business in 2015. First of all, we grew core volume and innovation contributed to some of that growth and we brought up a brand new facility in our fourth quarter which was on time and on budget. So, I would say first from a macro perspective, we’re very happy with the peanut butter business. You may recall we were upside down on some peanut costs from two years ago; those costs are back in line and we feel comfortable where our pricing is and our margins going forward. The issue is what we’re talking about, Mark in his formal remarks about our consumer business being down, is a direct result of the incremental overhead cost that we will be experiencing from the Memphis facility. But there was some softness in the fourth quarter but we really don’t anticipate that trend continuing into New Year, and we plan to grow the peanut butter business.
Mark Smucker: Just to build on what Vince said. We do think we have some really nice plans in place for the fall period coming up and we do expect particularly in the peanut butter area as well as in the food spread with new products and focus on the core, we should be able to continue to grow those businesses.
Chris Growe: Just a quick question if I could on Dunkin' K-Cup. So, do those ship then in -- with that being in the first quarter of fiscal ‘16, was there any benefit in the fourth quarter is my question. And then Vince, you made a comment about the size of the business potentially, perhaps significantly increasing your overall K-Cup exposure. It indicated a pretty significant potential increase I guess which you’re saying there. I was curious kind of a backdrop for that assumption. Could it be 300 plus million dollar in sales, would indicate a pretty substantial market share of the K-Cup segment, just curious on your comments there.
Steve Oakland: Yes, we are very excited. They started shipping May 1. And when we say May 1 is like 12:01 am. Our customer base was really excited about it. And in fact within a week, it was on display and on feature ad across its core markets. So, the Dunkin' brand is so strong and the idea that to have that at home the K-Cup format has been well received so far by the trading and by the customer. So, we think it does have the potential to reach somewhere close to the numbers you’ve quoted. And we think -- we’re not sure if we’ll get all of that this year or it will take an extra year. Just there is timing of major retailer resets and those kinds of things. But I can tell you that all the retailers are finding space for it. And it’s on the floor, exciting thing and as we look forward is the opportunity to merchandise the entire Dunkin' line. The margins, when you have three parties in an agreement, aren’t the same as they are when there is just two. So, the bag business will benefit from this, all those things will benefit from it. So, we’re excited about this being a driver for the whole Dunkin' business across Smucker.
Operator: We’ll go to Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan.
Ken Goldman: A question, I’m a bit confused and if you addressed this, forgive me. But I’m curious why your coffee costs aren’t coming down a little more quickly this year. You no longer break this out, but you used to talk about the average lag between stock beans and when they hit your numbers being around four months. Coffee has been very cheap since pretty early this year; it’s been over four months. So, I’m just asking, I guess is it safe to say you locked in beans at unfavorable prices for a bit longer than usual or maybe I’m missing something but why are you not getting that benefit right away this year?
Mark Smucker: As you know, we haven’t really talked about our position; our coverage philosophy hasn’t really changed significantly. But I am kind of go back to a comment we made earlier just as in the fourth quarter we were expanding some of our higher costs and we’re not seeing -- we’re not getting down to market rates until probably sometime in the second quarter.
Steve Oakland: We have been able to lean in for the first quarter. And I think if you look across the promoted pricing, across trade literally today, you’ll see promoted pricing well below what we have in the fourth quarter and the trade merchandising around that. So I think you’ll see sequentially better pricing in the first quarter and then I think it will get between the downsize container which gives us even more room, you’ll see even better pricing as we go into that in the rest of the year.
Ken Goldman: And then one follow-up. In recent months, we’ve seen some pretty large food manufacturers, Kraft and Nestle talk about improving the product quality of some core items. Kraft is taking out artificial colors from mac and cheese. Nestle has really talked about removing salt and I think sugar from a lot of items across the board. Is doing something similar at all a priority for Smucker? Because one of the push-backs I hear is that some items in the product portfolio, jams; peanut butter, there’s a lot of sugar in those items. And the bears on the stocks will tell me look these are just not necessarily in line with where better for you trends are going. So I kind of agree with that statement a little bit and I’m curious what you guys are doing to take these core items? Not line extensions, but the basic big SKUs that you sell and maybe say you know what, can we improve the product quality a little bit and take some of the not so good items for you out of it?
Richard Smucker: Well, we’ve been doing that for the last three to four years. So for example, just first on trans fat, we’ve basically taken trans fats from all of our products, in fact even Crisco. Well, four years ago, we took trans fats out of Crisco; it used to be the poster child for trans fats and now it’s without trans fats. Also in every single line product that we’re in, we’ve added new products for example in the baking isle we have Purely Simple this year which is very simple ingredients in our baking mixes in the Pillsbury baking mixes. So, we’ve done in every category. If you think about the categories that we’re in, peanut butter, there has always been -- there is not a lot of sugar in peanut butter to be perfectly honest; it’s very high protein, there is a little bit, but there is not a lot, never has been. Food spreads, we just came out with a line of food spreads sweetened with honey which was just came out with couple of -- few months ago. And that’s actually being very well received by the consumer. So, there actually you see a lot of our innovations being driven by better ingredients, simpler ingredients and those have contributed in total about 7% of our sales this past year. And we’re trying to do that in our mainline too. But most of our mainline whether it’s coffee or peanut butter are pretty good products for you. In fact, coffee has got a new halo and more coffee you drink, it’s better for your health and we like to see those reports that come out those in medical studies. So, we feel really good about our portfolio and those products that we can improve in terms of simplifying ingredients we are, but we’re pushing in those areas.
Vince Byrd: Ken, I would just add, of course we have a whole Natural Foods division and plays in the space every day that has been growing fairly significantly over the past few years. And of course their focus is on both natural and organic offering. So, I think we feel pretty good about our positioning.
Operator: We’ll go to Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: I wanted to start with the top-line. 3% organic would be a pretty impressive achievement in context of the last couple of years. Can you talk about maybe the volume and price contributions that you’re expecting from that?
Mark Belgya: Jason, this is Mark Belgya, couple of thoughts. On volume, of course we always had this kind of ongoing discussion because of the breadth of our portfolios and by the way you’re talking flour or K-Cup. But I think a couple of comments around volume. Volume will be impacted a little bit by the previously mentioned downsizing of the Folgers canisters. So while we expect some volume as measured in tonnage decline there, obviously growth in the K-Cup goes on a favorable mix forth and also we would expect units of Folgers in a downsized canister to grow. So volume did kind of wash there if you will. Clearly the top-line growth is coming from mix and flash new products. So, Dunkin' K-Cup and just the innovation we talked about in each of the business areas will contribute significantly to that 3% growth rate. So, we feel pretty good about it because of the product, particularly a fairly large portion are either in market like K-Cup, Dunkin' today or will be soon to get the full year benefit of those.
Jason English: In context of easing input costs across your portfolio, do you expect to be able to hold prices or do you plan to give it back as you typically have in the past.
Vince Byrd: Jason, we’ve done every year, I mean we will evaluate the situation on a case by case basis but typically we are transparent with our pricing and we’ll pass those cost savings on or whatever we need to do to meet the competitive landscape. 
Jason English: All right, so probably a little bit of price give back in one form or another, a little bit of volume and a fair amount of mix contribution. Is that the right way to think about it?
Vince Byrd: Yes.
Operator: We’ll go to Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask about competitive dynamics in the Pet Food business? I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks that that’s giving you some pressure. It looks as though the sales year-on-year were done quite a bit across the Pet Food business. I’m just curious about what you’re seeing there, when you expect the sales guys to stabilize and whether you’re worried that as the category premiumizes that some of those mainstream brands will get left behind.
Dave West: We did have in the mainstream part of the portfolio, particularly in dry food there was some deflationary pressure. We’ve seen corn and the soy complex come down and that’s been pass-through. In the third quarter, when you look at third-quarter results, we had some sharper price points in market, both on an EDLP basis and on a promoted basis. In the fourth quarter, we had a little bit less with respect to promotional dollars and we floated some price points up. And that’s where you see some of the decline in the fourth quarter. When you look at a 52-week share, particularly in dry dog for example, our business was roughly flat in share for the 52-week period. So, we had some softness in the early part of the year; we changed our promotional strategy in the third quarter and then kind of backed off of that in the fourth quarter. So across the year, we held our share. And as you look forward into the next year, we certainly believe that we’re going to have pricing strategy that holds our share for the year. So it’s deflationary. In terms of relevance of those brands, those are -- pet food in the mass market is a huge category. It’s a traffic drawing category for retailers. It gets a lot of focus from them with respect to space. So, it’s going to be relevant. Obviously we want to have brands that are affordable and accessible to all. So, whether it’s Gravy Train and Kibbles ‘n Bits in dry dog food and some mass outlets all the way up to Natural Balance in the new line extension we have which is Wild Pursuit, which has high protein sources, you can buy pet food anywhere from $9.99 to $59.99. And it’s a consumer choice model. And we play across the entire portfolio. So, I think we remain relevant and the categories are really relevant to all consumers.
Alexia Howard: And I guess just as a quick follow-up. So, in terms of when those negative prices stop playing out year-on-year, does that happen in the next couple of quarters and should we expect to see sales fairly flat year-on-year from there on out or maybe even growing a little bit?
Dave West: My preference is to not talk about forward pricing policy and the way we’re thinking about it from competitive dynamics I don’t think that’s appropriate. We’re going to do what we need to do to protect our share. What I think -- while the mainstream food business is certainly under some deflationary pressure, we’re really very pleased about the premium pet specialty business as we continue to expand our portfolio across the channel and our dog snack and cat snacks business and we’ve got great new line extensions. We expect very strong growth in both the pet snacks business as well as in the pet specialty businesses. So across the portfolio, we feel good about the growth rates and the growth targets that we’ve talked about.
Operator: We’ll go to Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: You might have covered this briefly already, but lowering your synergy targets this early into the acquisition, I know you haven’t lowered the long-term target, but can you just give me a little more detail as to what specifically is causing the synergies to be lower in the first year and explain a little bit more like why we should feel confident that the $200 million is still going to be intact and maybe not get pushed out?
Vince Byrd: We did address that. I think it was the first or second question; I guess I would just reiterate a couple of points. First of all, we feel comfortable with the $200 million. The primary reason for the postponement is, is that we took pause and hired a well-regarded consultant, given what’s going on in our industry and felt that we needed to look at our cost structure across the $8 billion new company enterprise. And that along with some of the learnings that we’ve had to-date coupled with the fact that we wanted to ensure that we were acknowledging best practices by both companies rather than just integrated into the Smucker Company as we have done business, all of those things just postponed some of the integration activities. And so, at this point, we chose to be maybe a little more conservative or significantly more conservative in our year-one target. But there has been no learning at this point that would suggest that we can’t still achieve the $200 million.
Richard Smucker: I’ll just add to that and just our confidence in the 200. We have strong confidence in the 200 and the fact that we’ve done a number of integrations of acquisitions before. And the most important thing is that you do that integration right in the first 12 months. And if -- our cautious nature as you know us, if we think that we can do an integration better by pushing some of those synergies back by -- we’re talking about $25 million from one year to the next but it makes a better integration, that you have a better team in place and that you have better programs in place, we’re going to do that. So, it maybe our conservative Midwest nature but we think it was the right thing to do but we’re very confident that we’re going to hit the number.
Robert Moskow: Can I ask, has this consulting firm given you some advice about changes in how you integrate the business already that makes you think that maybe we should be slowing things down a bit?
Richard Smucker: We’re going to learn a lot from but we’re just in the middle of the work with them. And in fact, we actually brought them in a little late because we said hey, we’re not just looking at Big Heart here, we’re looking at the entire Smucker Company. So, we’re looking across $8 billion, not just across $2.5 billion. So that I guess backed us up, maybe a month or two but it’s all for the right reasons. It’s going to get us better more confident numbers and get us probably a better integration. And we do when we look at integration, if there are reasons to change how we’re doing it for all the right reasons, we do that. So we’ve learned a little bit there. And they are actually looking at best practices across all the consumer goods companies and they are going to bring -- they are bringing some good learnings to us.
Operator: We’ll go to John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John Baumgartner: I just wanted to ask about coffee in terms of the Dunkin' bags. The volume decline there was pretty significant and I guess it coincides with the McCafé rollout and maybe similar to what we saw a few years ago when Gevalia came into the market. So, did the performance there or maybe inability to defend that, how can that be improved at all? And is there a reason to think that maybe the bag performance for Dunkin' is down in 2016?
Mark Smucker: So, a couple of things; and this is a theme across all of our legacy Smucker businesses. And that is as commodities moderated across many of our categories, we chose to pass along some of that moderation in the front half as in promotional spending. And you saw a number of pricing, list pricing adjustments in the back half. In the case of Dunkin' specifically that would have been the case. So, we were very competitive in the front half but as we were continuing to realize elevated green coffee costs, we chose to pull back on promotional frequency in the back half, knowing full well that the McCafé was coming in. If you look at our share trends and you go back on an annualized basis, if you look at the 52-week trends, you will see that in our Dunkin' business, we are still holding volume share ahead of two years ago and expected a bit of a decline here in this last quarter. So, I think -- and even though you have Gevalia coming in and they have gained call it a 5 or 6 share, we have held onto our position. And so as Steve said as well going forward very early reads on K-Cups, it looks like that K-Cup business is also helping to pull along the bag business as well. But we feel very good about the Dunkin' brand and our future prospects.
Steve Oakland: The only thing I would add, John -- this is Steve, is that with McCafé’s launch, the other probably the largest premium coffee company was very aggressive. And so that there was a lot of noise in that segment in the last four to six months and so I think as that settles out the merchandising gets back to normal and the new leverage we have with K-Cups I think we’ll see a little better trends. But the pricing from the biggest guy in that segment has been lower than what we’ve seen in the past. And I think that was to compete with the new entry of McCafé.
John Baumgartner: Okay. So, is it fair to think that Dunkin' bag, the sales there will be up in fiscal ‘16?
Mark Smucker: Yes, we expect growth.
Operator: We’ll go Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay Jagdale: So I just want to ask a quick question on coffee. Can you just give us an overall view of share trends and roast and grounds, the various segments in fiscal 2015, and what you expect in ‘16? Obviously on the K-Cup side we’ve seen stabilization in your sales but you’ve lost a couple of points a share over the last couple of years. And the part of the business that I really would like you to focus on from a share perspective is roast and ground; it’s been really unusual movement there. So, can you just talk a little bit about where you ended up in fiscal 2015 in terms of share trends and what your expectations are in ‘16? Because the business is setting up to what I think have a pretty good year.
Mark Smucker: So, it goes back to the comment on the last question. If you look at whether it’s mainstream roast and ground or the bagged premium roast and ground, in both cases, we tend to look at volume share in those and that’s IRI. There was a question earlier that we pointed to the fact that in our record year of fiscal ‘14, we had achieved share that was about 47%, 48% in the mainstream segment only. As we did see erosion in this past year, I can assure you that our shares basically came back to the levels they were in the prior year which would have been our fiscal ‘13. So, the decline you saw in the business as we’ve talked over the last couple of quarters, the shift to K-Cup is sort of as expected in sort of low single-digit numbers. But the declines, particularly in our roast and ground business in the back half of the year were a little bit more due to the absolute price point and some switching to other roast and ground players, including private label. So, bottom-line in both of those roast and ground segments, I think having our share remained at or above two years ago, we feel that we’re in pretty good shape going forward.
Vince Byrd: And if we talk -- if we jump to K-Cups, clearly with all of the noise in K-Cups, our business grew in total dollars but we didn’t grow nearly as fast as the category. And so we lost share in K-Cups on a growing business. Having said that, we think the numbers we talked about earlier, we have a significant opportunity with Dunkin' K-Cups. So, we would expect the faster share growth of our business this year will be in K-Cups.
Akshay Jagdale: So, just going back to Mark; so, do you expect roast and ground to gain share? I mean you’ve got this new packaging, which is in line with your competitor, lower price points. Is it fair to expect that you should gain share in roast and ground, and in the bag segment at least maintain your share? And obviously in K-Cups, it seems like you should be gaining share. Is that the right way to think about it?
Steve Oakland: Yes, it is Akshay. Yes, we feel good about the merchandising, price points, sizes. Dollar share will be better than volume share because of the downsize but we expect units to be up significantly this year.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay. And just on the pet food side, you mentioned two factors that drove the sales and EBIT for the fiscal year to be a little bit lower than you had expected. Can you talk specifically about the two factors? You mentioned one was marketing, which is good for future growth and the other was promotional dollars. I’m wondering if the promotional -- additional promotional expense is more defensive or offensive and why -- can you talk a little bit about why the plan changed on the marketing side to spend more? Is it just timing or something more strategic?
Mark Belgya: Let me just say with respect to pricing, we have in all of our businesses across the pet portfolio, we have the elasticity models and we monitor our price competitive price gaps and there are certain trigger points that we reach in certain channels. And so, we spend appropriately we think to defend our share in particularly in the dry dog food business. So there’s going to be periods of time given that it’s an EDLP category pricing tends to move around a lot more at shelf in that business than you might see in others because it’s much more of an EDLP business. So, it doesn’t typically move the same way as you’d expect a high low category to move. So, we think we can defend our share and feel good about the brands. We were encouraged as we started to think about putting the two businesses together by a couple of programs that we had in market and in place. And with early conversations as we brought the two companies together, we decided to accelerate some marketing spending, particularly behind new products in pet snacks, and also as we ready our portfolio in pet specialty to expand our Natural Balance distribution footprint. So we think we’ve made some very smart investments as we closed the year which will help us grow those businesses into F16.
Operator: We’ll go to Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam: When you look at innovation and marketing in your business this year outside of the Dunkin' K-Cups, could you share with us your new product activity scale this year versus last year and any particular area that you’re focusing on that we should think about in terms of baking, consumer, et cetera? And then also the same, how much would you say your marketing budget is up and where would that be concentrated?
Mark Belgya: I will just answer the last part of that question. Overall and if you look at just I will call it just base Smucker, it is up low double digits for the Company. And as we talked about throughout the past fiscal year, we were trimming marketing budgets across the business. So I think it’s fair to say that all the brands have reestablished their marketing spend to more historical level. So I don’t think it’s concentrated in one area.
Richard Smucker: Our innovation pipeline is pretty full right now. Last year, we introduced over 100 new products. We have that same type of goal this coming year. And all of those I think I spoke to earlier -- a lot of them are around healthy alternatives for the consumer right along with consumer trends. So, we have -- and that’s also in pet food too. So, we’re continuing that. As I said, 7% of our sales last year are from new products we didn’t have three years ago. So we expect that to continue. We’re also entering snacking in a big way, not just the Sahale acquisition certainly helped but we have a number of snacking items, not only in the pet food side but snacking in peanut butter; our Jif To Go. We now have a new line of Jif bars which are actually outstanding. So, we’re pushing on all those areas. And so innovation is really key to us and healthy innovation is really key to us.
Mark Smucker: Just to build on Richard, it is about clean labels, launching products with cleaner labels, it is about snacking and I would submit that in every given year it’s not about the number of new products that we want to launch, it’s about making sure that we launch the right new products. So some years, we may choose to focus on fewer bigger ideas. Perfect Measures we believe might be one of those and so we’re focused there. Another years, there’s more what we would call maybe horizon one innovations but again, it’s all about priorities.
Richard Smucker: There’s been a couple of articles recently as we’ve all seen about processed foods and the challenge processed foods are under but our portfolio we feel very good about. We’re in categories coffee obviously has a good halo about it and is a staple that everyone uses every day; peanut butter is one of the lowest cost proteins you can possibly have. And so we think we’re in a lot of good categories that go against the grain which in this day and age is where we want to be.
Steve Oakland: Maybe I’ll close on that. The lead markets for Perfect Measures will ship late summer. And that’s a concept that we’ve spent a lot of time and a lot of money on research and development. And we want to make sure that we get the right read on that. So the marketing spend, even though it’s a lead market launch, will be at national weight levels. So that’s one of the reasons we talked earlier about the marketing spend returning to coffee and where some of that spend is going but we want to get the right read on that and then determine how fast to pour investment in it. So, we feel good about that. It will ship it this summer. And if we get the results that we’re hoping on, we will roll as quickly as we can.
Farha Aslam: And just as a follow-up, incentive compensation, what’s the swing year-over-year that we should think about in Smucker’s?
Mark Belgya: It’s about $0.06 to $0.07 -- well actually it’s about $0.05 to $0.06.
Operator: We’ll take our last question from Rob Dickerson from Consumer Edge Research.
Rob Dickerson: I just had a question on free cash flow, I didn’t really hear much focus on it on today’s call but I think it is important. The key question I have is that I think originally you said when you announced the Big Heart Pet transaction that the cash from ops on average should be about $1.1 billion over the next three years, so ‘16 to ‘18, but then at the same time, it should be increasing on average each year. So then, when I look at your free cash flow projection for ‘16 which is $850 million or approximately a 75% increase from this year’s level and you’re telling me that cash from ops should be about $1.05 billion, leaving CapEx at $200 million, I step back and say okay, well is there upside to the $1.1 billion guidance on average that you gave originally from cash from ops or should we be thinking that CapEx in ‘16 is just let’s say a bit low relative to what we should be thinking about for ‘17 and ‘18? So overall, I’m just looking for color for your free cash flow guidance over the next three years.
Mark Belgya: A couple of things here, one is -- and I’ll point this out, in terms of this year’s free cash flow, I think it is important to realize some of those debt costs and those deal costs are flowing through there. So that would be a little artificially low. But specific to your question, I think there is upside opportunity for cash from operations. I will push it out a little bit. I will say maybe more a three to five-year window, as Vince suggested as part of this consulting project, we are looking at working capital. So, we do think that the expectation is that we generate some cash from operations from that perspective. As it relates to CapEx, if you just do the numbers this year is about 2.5% which is clearly below our longer term objective of 3% to 3.5%. And I don’t think I’d read anything else more into that other than we have concluded a number of significant projects. Over the last five to six years, we’ve spent just on our plants about $800 million. A lot of those we talked about over the last several quarters on conference calls. So, we’ve reached to a point where those are complete. We’re sort of in run model with either brand-new plants or virtually new plants. So, we’re still sticking to our 3% to 3.5% of sales over time, so that will increase from this year but nothing dramatic. So, our hope is that the upside comes from the working capital management project. And we will see a bump over the next three to five years.
Rob Dickerson: Then just quickly on the synergy side, the $25 million projected for this year obviously is a bit short to what you said earlier, and I know there’s a question that was asked earlier about it. The tone today seems like a bit, people become incrementally nervous because you cut the short-term guidance expectation but then you are also telling us that you’re hiring a consulting firm that you’re currently working with that is looking at the integration but also then looking at the entire business. So, I guess if we say okay the $200 million still seems feasible longer-term, it’s just the timing issue, then what about the rest of the work that that firm is doing? Is this overall profitability, the entire ship rises even though the synergy number long-term stays the same?
Mark Belgya: I’ll start and maybe look to Vince or Richard. I think first of all that the hiring of the consultants I think as Vince said in light of today’s world, we just thought it was very prudent to take a step back and just not make the assumption that we’re going to layer this business onto existing Smucker. We’ve been very impressed with the process and people as we’ve interacted over the last two months we’ve owned the business. And I kind of reinforce we’ve owned this business for 10 weeks but we have spent every day of those 10 weeks learning more about this. So again, I don’t think I’d read anything more into the delay. Ideally, there may be some upside. We’re still too early into the project to say that. I think the important thing for the investor to hear is that we are confirming the $200 million. If there is upside, we’ll talk about that in the days to come but again, it’s really the timing issue. At the end of the day, we’re pushing $25 million into next year and the year after that. In short of that we will tell you more when we get to that point.
Rob Dickerson: And then lastly very simplistically, when does the lockup period end for your private equity ownership interest?
Mark Belgya: I’m sorry. Rob, we had a little hard time; could you just repeat that please?
Rob Dickerson: I thought there was a specified lockup period for the ownership that was transferred via stock on the Big Heart Pet piece. I just wanted to clarify that that’s the case and if there is a period that’s locked up, if you just tell me when that expires.
Mark Belgya: It was 90 days following the close. So that was what March 23, so yes, we’re getting close here.
Richard Smucker: If there are no other questions, I just want to thank everybody for being on today. We look forward to seeing everybody sometime next week or somebody next week in Paris and then when we do our 50th anniversary in October in New York, we’d love to see as many of you there as possible. So, thank you very much. Have a great summer.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 with a passcode of 7356076. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and have a nice day. All parties may disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-02-13 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Broholm - Director of Investor Relations Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer and Director Vincent C. Byrd - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Mark R. Belgya - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Steven Oakland - President International Foodservice and Natural Foods Mark T. Smucker - President US Retail Coffee and Director
Analysts: Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Inc. Kenneth B. Goldman - JP Morgan Securities LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc. Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the J. M. Smucker Company’s Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open the conference up for questions-and-answers after the presentation. Please limit yourself to two initial questions during the Q&A session and requeue if you then have additional questions. I will now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Aaron Broholm: Good morning, everyone and welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. Here with me on the call are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; Vince Byrd, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Oakland, President International Foodservice and Natural Foods; and Mark Smucker, President US Retail Coffee. Our prepared comments this morning will be organized as follows: Richard will begin with an overview of our third quarter performance; Vince will then provide an update on our business segments; and Mark will close with additional comments on our financial results for the quarter and our outlook for the full-year. During this conference call we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the Company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning forward looking statements. Additionally, please note the Company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the website. If you have any follow up questions after today’s call please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As you know last week we announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire Big Heart Pet Brands. We are excited to be adding this business to the Smucker portfolio as a third platform for growth along with our existing food and coffee businesses. We look forward to sharing more on the transaction when we present at Cagney next week. As we work to close the acquisition by the end of the fiscal year, we remain sharply focused on our existing businesses and we will continue to execute on our plans and initiatives. To that end the remainder of our prepared comments today will address the third quarter performance and the outlook for our current business. Let me began with an overview of the third quarter results. Our Coffee segment performance reflected many of the competitive dynamics that we discussed on our last call in November. While volume and sales trend showed improvement from the second quarter. Coffee results fell slightly short of our expectations for the third quarter. However, we were pleased with the solid performance of all of our other businesses. Total company net sales declined 2% compared to the prior year, reflecting modest declines in each of our three segments. In coffee, lower volume for the Folgers brand was essentially offset by a higher price realization. The Dunkin Donuts brand performed well with volume inline with a strong quarter in the prior year. Cafe Bustelo volume was up 5%. Within consumer foods, volume gains were achieved in a number of our key brands and categories following a successful holiday season. Most notably, volume was up in Jif Peanut Butter, Smucker’s fruit spreads, Crisco oils and Uncrustables frozen sandwiches. The previously announced price decreases on Jif and Crisco drove the next sales decline compared to the prior year. Lastly, the International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment excluding the impact of foreign currency and the foodservice business rationalization net sales increased. We are encouraged to have fully lapsed the business rationalization impact in the quarter and look forward to improve top line trends for the segments as we move ahead. Non-GAAP operating income was down $22 million or 8% which was entirely driven by a 17% decline in coffee segment profit. Consumer foods and International, Foodservice and Natural Foods achieved strong segment profit growth of 9% and 13% respectively for the quarter. Overall this resulted in non-GAAP earnings per share of a $1.54 compared to a $1.61 in the prior year. As Mark will discuss in a moment, we are adjusting our guidance approach for the rest of this year as we expect the Big Heart Pet Brands acquisitions to close during the fourth quarter which will have a significant impact on reported results. However, at a high level we continue to anticipate the consumer foods and International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segments well deliver full-year results in line with our most recent guidance. Coffee results in the fourth quarter are now projected to fall slightly shorter of our previous expectations. While we are disappointed with our Coffee business for this fiscal year, we still firmly believe that it’s a great category; we have grown segment profit in five out of the six years that we’ve owned it. While the category is evolving we are participating and not just the traditional segment, but also in the segments driving category growth. With anticipated stabilization in green coffee costs and our current initiatives, we expect to get coffee back on track for next fiscal year. Finally, the organizational changes announced on Monday provide continued talented leadership across our business. These changes were designed to continue to drive our core businesses of consumer foods and coffee, while allowing Vince with 38 years of experience at Smucker’s to focus along with the Dave West on a smooth integration of the pet food business and achieving our targeted $200 million in synergies. We look forward to welcoming Dave West to our team which we believe is one of the best in the industry. With that, I will now turn the call over to Vince, for further comments on our business segments.
Vincent C. Byrd: Thank you, Richard and good morning everyone. Let me begin by summarizing the key points I would like to make today. First, we are pleased with the performance of our consumer foods and International, Foodservice and Natural Food segment. Most of the brands and categories in these segments performed well in the quarter reflecting one of the most successful holiday and return-to-school promotional periods in the Company’s history. Second, volume and sales performance for our coffee segment improved from the second quarter. However, we now expect our coffee results for the fourth quarter to below our previous expectations as we anticipate current competitive dynamics to remain a headwind. Lastly, we are excited on the plans that will further strengthen our coffee business as we move forward and remain confident with our overall coffee strategy. With that let me provide some additional color on our three segments beginning with U.S. retail coffee. During our second quarter we discussed the key dynamics that have impacted our recent coffee volume performance, specifically consumer response to higher promoted pricing on our core roast and ground offerings, reduced promotional efficiency and competitive activities, as expected volume trends improved this quarter as compared to our second quarter. However, promoted price gaps on-shelf remains wider than anticipated which we expect to continue in the fourth quarter. Based upon recent consumption data for the last 52-week period, volume for the overall mainstream segment is down approximately 5% driven by price elasticity on the Folgers brand. Our analysis indicates that half of this decline is a result of consumer purchasing less frequently, the remainder is due to consumer switching to other forms as we anticipated. Our volume was further impacted by consumer substituting lower price competitive mainstream roast and ground offerings. The year-over-year decline in the third quarter segment profit remain similar to what experienced in the second quarter, in addition to lower volume the impact of higher recognized green coffee cost continued. Further, we increased price investments in our premium and K-Cup and offerings in response to competitive activities, resulting in a significant impact on near-term profitability. As we enter the fourth quarter we expect continued softness driven by ongoing competitive activity, higher green coffee cost compared to the prior year and reduced promotional effectiveness. With that said, we are taking actions to address the current challenges while further positioning our coffee business for a long-term success and for a number of reasons we are optimistic as we look ahead. First, remain committed to strengthening of the long-term health of our brands through a focus on brand support, innovation, responsible pricing and promotional activities and ensuring our coffee constantly provides the taste profile that consumers come to expect from our brand. Secondly, in the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we will begin to convert our core Folgers roast and ground items to a smaller canister, we look forward to providing consumers with a lower price point without compromising quality and improving our competitive positioning within mainstream coffee. Third, given the current market conditions for green coffee, we anticipate improvements in our cost structure in fiscal 2016, which will also allow us to achieve lower promoted price points. Fourth, we're well-positioned in the premium segment, although we anticipate some volume softness in the near-term we are optimistic for the potential of The Dunkin Donuts business, which continues to benefit from the strong coffee heritage of The Dunkin Donuts brand. Our partnership with Dunkin remains strong and we continue to explore opportunities for growth. And lastly, we are capitalizing on the growing convenience trend. This includes an expanding K-Cup platform reflecting this year’s strong launch of the Café Bustelo K-Cups and the introduction of new offerings in the beginning of the next fiscal year. Overall, we expect our innovation, packaging downsize and projected lower green coffee costs will allow us to grow our Coffee segment profit in fiscal 2016 at a higher rate than our overall long-term organic growth objective. Turning to U.S. Consumer Foods segment our momentum continues and during the third quarter concluded one of the most successful holiday and return to school periods in the company’s history. Our Spreads business had a strong quarter highlighted by volume growth of 2% for Smucker’s Fruit Spreads and 7% for the Jif brand. In addition, both volume and sales for Smucker Uncrustables Frozen Sandwiches were up 10%, representing the 12th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in retail channels for the Uncrustable business. In the bake isle, the Crisco brand continued it solid performance with base oil growing 4% against a strong 22% prior year comp. In addition, we are encouraged the volume for the Pillsbury brand remain comparable to the prior year given the current softness in the baking category and increased competitive activities. Looking across all of our consumer foods businesses for the last 12 week scan period, we are pleased to have maintained or grow our volume and dollar share in essentially every key category in which we compete. Segment profit for the third quarter was up 9% over the prior year, bringing the year-to-date increase to 15%, which was primarily driven by more normal cost of price ratio along with the contributions of volume. Well lower marketing expense also contributed to the segment profit growth we expect our full-year marketing spend and consumer food segment to be inline with the prior year and remain confident in the level of brand support. In the coming months, we look forward to a couple of key milestones in our consumer foods business. In the fourth quarter we expect our new peanut butter facility in Memphis Tennessee to begin production in line with our plan timing. In addition, we are on track to complete the integration of the Sahale Snack acquisition by the end the fourth quarter and remain excited about the growth opportunities for this business. In the International, Foodservice, and Natural Foods segment, we expected segment profit growth to turn positive in the second half of our fiscal year, and that has been the case. Third quarter segment profit was up 13% over the prior year, including the offsetting effects of foreign currency in the current year and the foodservice trade spending adjustment last year. As we entered the fourth quarter and look ahead to fiscal 2016, the impact of foreign currency is expected to increase due to further weakening of the Canadian dollar. However, we have now lapped the other headwinds that have impacted the International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment for the past couple of years. We are encouraged by the momentum developing across all of our businesses in this segment and look for this to continue as we remain focused on our key growth opportunities. Our Canadian business also had a successful holiday big season across nearly all brands. In addition, we look forward to capitalizing on the growth potential for the Big Heart Pet Brands business as they currently have a modest presence in Canada. Within foodservice, we had a strong third quarter for Smuckers branded portion control offerings, Folgers roast and ground coffee and Uncrustables frozen sandwiches. And we look for these trends to continue, specific to the Uncrustable business we expect to see the initial benefits from reentering the USDA school programs in the fourth quarter as we anticipate regaining the exited businesses over the next few years. And lastly on natural foods we look to build on the strong performance of our branded beverage portfolio, participating in the continued growth in natural and organic offerings in both the traditional and natural food channels. In closing let me reinforce that we are excited about our plans that we have in place to grow our businesses and remain optimistic as we look forward. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark R. Belgya: Thank you, Vince. Good morning everyone. I will start by briefly summarizing our third quarter results and then conclude with additional comments related to our outlook for the remainder of the year. Net sales decreased $26 million or 2% in the third quarter reflecting lower overall volume primarily driven by coffee. The combined impact of positive net price realization and unfavorable mix was immaterial. GAAP earnings per share were $1.58 this quarter, compared with $1.59 in the third quarter of last year. Included in this year’s GAAP earnings were $13 million in unallocated derivative gains compared to a gain of $4 million in the prior year. Excluding these and certain other items affecting comparability as described in our press release, non-GAAP EPS was $1.54, a decline of 6% in the prior year. The quarter-over-quarter results were primarily impacted by a decline in non-GAAP gross profit which decreased $34 million or 6%. Gross margin declined 170 basis points to 35.4%. The net impact of changes in commodity cost to pricing which includes both list price and promotional spending was unfavorable most notably for coffee and peanut butter. In addition, lower coffee volume and the related impact on overall mix also contributed to the decline. Partially offsetting the lower gross profit was a 5% decrease in SD&A driven by lower marketing expense. And significant portion of the reduction this quarter and year-to-date was utilized to support price. Factoring in the lower SD&A non-GAAP operating income decreased 8%. Factors below operating income that benefited year-over-year EPS comparisons were lower interest expense reflecting a reduction in the long-term debt and a decrease in a number of average shares outstanding resulting from share repurchases activity in the prior fiscal year. Turning to cash flow, cash provided by operations was $428 million for the quarter compared to $421 million in the prior year. As a reminder, third quarter is our key cash generating period as the fall bake and holiday periods wind down. The quarter’s cash from operations increases our year-to-date total to $512 million compared to $589 million for the first three quarters of last fiscal year. The decline for the year is primarily attributable to a greater current year use of cash for working capital needs, reflecting higher green coffee costs and ending inventory as well as certain timing factors. These include a temporary increase in our date of inventory on hand as we prepare for our transition of coffee canister size and managing industry-wide risk related to the increase demand for transportation providers. Contributing to cash was $53 million received as a result of an early termination of interest rate swap. With capital expenditures of $48 million in the quarter, free cash flow was nearly $380 million for the quarter, or year-to-date total of $350 million. For the fiscal year we are still projecting to spend approximately $240 million in CapEx. Finally, we ended the quarter with approximately $265 million in short-term borrowings. Let me conclude with comments around our 2015 guidance. As Richard indicated we are modifying our guidance approach for the rest of this year due to the pending acquisition of Big Heart Pet Brands which is expected to close during the fourth quarter. Let me begin by previewing our net sales estimate. We now expect a modest decrease in net sales for the last three months of the fiscal year compared to the same period last year. This primarily reflects softer volume expectations for U.S. Retail Coffee compared to our previous outlook. As we see competitive pricing in roast and ground coffee continuing through the fourth quarter. We expect this result in volume in our segment being down low to mid-teens in the quarter. Much of this tonnage impact is expected to be offset by higher price realization and mix. Net sales expectations in our two other segments have not changed significantly from the outlook provided last quarter. Consumer food sales are anticipated to be down in the fourth quarter resulting from price declines taken during the past year on peanut butter and oils in a solid prior year volume comparison. The Sahale Snacks acquisition will have a modest contribution in the quarter. In the International, Foodservice, and Natural Foods segment, we expect sales to be up slightly primarily driven by growth in our Foodservice business, based on these fourth quarter estimates the company now expects annual net sales to decrease by approximately 3% compared to the prior fiscal year. In terms of non-GAAP earnings per share, we expect fourth quarter EPS to fall below analyst consensus estimates. As a result, full-year earnings per share are expected to be below the midpoint of our previous 545 to 565 guidance range by approximately 3%. While we plan to decrease in the fourth quarter earnings from a year ago, our revised outlook for coffee volume is the primary cause, as profit projections for our two other segments have not changed significantly. In consumer foods, fourth quarter segment profit is expected to decline modestly versus the same period last year, consistent with our prior commentary, as segments full-year profit growth would be front half loaded. Conversely with in International, Foodservices, and Natural Foods segment profit is expected to be up over the prior year in fourth quarter, partially reflecting the lapping of the prior year trade spending adjustments along with anticipated growth in our Foodservice and Natural Foods businesses. However, given the further weakening of the Canadian dollar fourth quarter segment profits for International, Foodservice and Natural Foods will be slight below the amount assumed in our previous guidance range. In addition, certain deal cost and employee related expenses incurred in the third quarter were not reflected in the previous guidance. As we consider the closing of the Big Heart Pet Brands transaction, it is important to point out key factors that will ultimately impact our reported EPS for the year, albeit for roughly one moth or so. This includes earnings contribution from Big Heart for the period from the closing date through April 30, incremental interest, amortization and tax expense, the impact of any financing related cost beyond interest expense and the issuance of 17.9 million shares which will have a different impact on weighted average shares for the fourth quarter versus the full year. In closing, we recognized the significance of the profit challenges in the fourth quarter, but remain confident in both our ability to address this in the near-term and our long-term coffee strategy. Further, we are pleased with the performance of our other businesses and look forward to even more growth in the future. And finally, we are very excited to close the Big Heart Pet Brands acquisition, which will provide another platform for growth as we move ahead. With that, we will open up the call to your questions. Operator, if you please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, please limit yourself to two questions during the Q&A session. Should you have additional questions you may requeue and the Company will take the questions as time follows. Please stand by for the first question. Our first question comes from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman: Hi, good morning everybody.
Richard K. Smucker: Good morning.
Vincent C. Byrd: Good morning.
Eric Katzman: Okay, so it sounds like the Consumer and the International Foodservice, et cetera, divisions, those two are in pretty good shape. Coffee - is this for the fourth quarter, being so challenged, are you kind of letting some of the trade inventories that maybe a built up bleed through maybe also as part of the change to the size of the Folgers can? Or is there a big A&P spending boost or a combination thereof? Because if it's all Coffee, it seems like a pretty dramatic falloff from the third quarter to the fourth quarter?
Mark T. Smucker: Hey, Eric, this is Mark Smucker. Yes, on the fourth quarter what were basically seeing is - there is two key things. We expect that the promotional efficiencies that have been not as great as we would have like or going to how they continue in the fourth quarter and there is a lot of competition we still have there is a competitive launch in the premium segment. But the other thing is we are laughing our lowest green coffee cost from last year. So we experienced the lowest green coffee cost in our fourth quarter last year and that’s really what’s driving it. So, rather than invest more than we have we feel that our pricing is right where we need to be and we are going to weather it.
Eric Katzman: Okay. And then, I guess Vince, you gave a couple of comments around the changes you're going to make so that hopefully FY16 Coffee is in better shape. Is there some kind of restructuring or significant cost reduction effort that's going to give some investors confidence that that's, in fact, going to be a tailwind?
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes, Eric, this is obviously Vince, and now I can turn it to Mark for more color and we’ll provide a little more detail at Cagney next week. But as we look forward the reason we are confident that roasting ground can improve its trends, it’s all about being more competitive on shelf. And there is two main drivers that will help us do that is the Canister downsize, where we will pass those savings on to our consumers, we believe green coffee cost probably as we go to second quarter on will probably give us some relief. Both of those things will make us more competitive either everyday are on promotion. We have some great innovation that’s in the pipeline that we are looking forward to and we’ll explain more on that at Cagney next week. But we do believe we’ll be able to grow this business, get it back on track earlier into our second quarter of next year.
Eric Katzman: Okay, and then just last follow-up to Richard. One of the questions I've gotten since the pet food acquisition was announced was I think most investors expected Coffee to be problematic. Do you feel like the organization is in enough shape obviously Paul left, but is the organization in good-enough shape that with all the coffee problems that the integration of pet, along with the leverage that you're going to be adding, will be okay?
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, first of all we feel very strong about our team, we’ve got as I said confidence in our team and the best team in the industry we believe and we’ve made some obviously significant changes just recently which we announced earlier this week. Aligning the right people to head the right businesses to make that happen and then bringing Dave West on board who has got tremendous experience and Dave and Vince working hand-in-hand to make sure the integration goes well and that we hit the synergies and Mark and Steve driving the base businesses. We really feel good about the team and the excitement around here is palpable. I mean our team is very, very excited to get there to get into the pet food business. So we are very confident in the team that we’ve got and very excited about the talent that we’re getting from Big Heart Pet food business and combined with our talent, we are very confident.
Eric Katzman: Okay, thanks, see you next week.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Andrew Lazar from Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Richard K. Smucker: Good morning.
Vincent C. Byrd: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: I think in the remarks in the press release this morning you talk a bit about not having fully covered the higher coffee costs yet with pricing, but also having I guess peanut butter pricing drop ahead of you getting the benefit of lower costs in your P&L? So it kind of seems like it's a getting hit on the way up and the way down situation, which I guess is typically not the way I've remembered the pass-through model more generally working. I think companies like yours usually at least got an outsized or disproportionate benefit on the way down. And so I guess I'm just trying to get a sense, has something changed more structurally here in the way that pass-through model works do you think? Or is there really something more transitory with either the way consumers or retailers are behaving kind of in the current environment, which is admittedly difficult?
Vincent C. Byrd: Andrew, this is Vince. I would say in a general sense we’ve always said that we try to be as transparent as we can with our pricing and pass it on up or down as we need to maintain our margins. You may recall in peanut butter we did get sort of upside down with peanut cost a couple of years ago because we had to intensify growers to grow peanuts in that being a very large bumper crop and at the end of the day our competitors where in the better positioned to benefit from that and we were because of the commitment we had to make being the largest procure of peanuts in the United States. Accordingly then we had to be more competitive on shelf, so we did some pricing and promotional activities ahead of when our costs were actually realized. We are now and it’s one other reason our consumer foods segment is had a nice run as of that price cost ratio is where it needs to be. As it relates to coffee I would say that fundamentally that nothing has changes except that the competitive level of promotional activity and debt caused us to go deeper and more frequent then we would have otherwise. And as Mark articulated earlier we try to balance all of those indications, but clearly where coffee costs are it’s had an impact on our volume, but structurally we still think the same way about our pricing mechanisms.
Andrew Lazar: That's helpful, and then just quickly, a follow-up on Coffee which would be the canister size change. Is that basically being changed to be sort of in line with where the competitive set is or are you setting a different standard out there?
Mark T. Smucker: No, basically in line. This is Mark.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks very much. See you all next week.
Vincent C. Byrd: Thanks.
Operator: And we will go next to Ken Goldman from JP Morgan.
Kenneth B. Goldman: Hi and thank you for the question. Can you walk us a bit through a little more of the reasoning behind the management changes you made earlier this week, I think it feels like a month ago, but I think its just a few days ago. Are some of the moves being contemplated maybe prior to Paul’s resignation, because that really necessitate I guess some of the switches that are happening and Mark since you are on the call, I guess I’ll ask it directly, how do you personally feel about that shift for you and how favorable were you to it.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard, I’ll start. Obviously we had two significant changes in the past several months, first was Paul’s departure and then second was the addition of Big Heart Pet Brands, either one of those required us to relook at our organizational structure and combined obviously it gave us the need and opportunity to restructure. So those were the drivers and as I said earlier, I think the team that we have in place and where we put them in terms of their new responsibilities really plays upon their strengths. Steve Oakland has been here 32 years, has run most of our key businesses over the years and was our general manager and established a whole Canadian business years ago. So he has got great capabilities and skills to run the coffee business. Mark has run everything except for the consumer businesses. So we have the opportunity to put Mark in that role to run consumer side of the business food side and then Vince as I mentioned has 38 years of experience and knows where all the bones are buried and so his combination along with Dave West will have real opportunities to drive that integration. So it’s very successful. And then again, we are going to get a lot of talent I think from the big heart team in Dave West group, so those are what drove it and that’s why we made the changes and that’s why I think we are very confident that we’ve got the right leadership team in place.
Mark T. Smucker: So Ken this is Mark just answering your question. I’m actually really excited about the change, because as Richard said I haven’t run these businesses, there is a lot of brands in there nascent name sake business of course but obviously peanut butter being critical and so its exciting and having the opportunity to allow the natural foods piece to run autonomously, but yet fit in the same organizational structure allows for us to make sure that we're meeting the needs of both of those customers. So, yes, I’m very excited. Do I miss Paul on a personal level? Sure, but I think that the changes that were announced were quite logical.
Steven Oakland: Yes, and Ken, Steven Oakland. Mark touched on one of the things that maybe we didn’t discuss enough in some of the public data, we also - we’ve put some different segments together putting natural foods in the consumer group. The consumer doesn’t know where natural begins and where natural ends. And so that allows us to really reach that constituent better. And within coffee as well the consumer’s coffee experience at home and away from home and the innovation and the research and the new products that we are doing in the coffee business really need to apply both away from home and at home. So we think those are subtleties that maybe weren’t seen in the release that are going to drive results on across all those different businesses. And regardless of many of you have been here regardless of which business your names on top of, we’re a pretty close team and we work together very closely and have been together for so long. The teams know each other well and it should be seamless.
Steven Oakland: Thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll go next Farha Aslam from Stephens.
Farha Aslam: Hi, good morning.
Richard K. Smucker: Good morning.
Mark R. Belgya: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam: My question's on coffee. In 2011, 2012, you earned around $540 million in Coffee and then your profitability surged almost $100 million into 2014 with green coffee and K-Cups. Now it seems like you are back in that 540-ish area. Do you think the long-term level is back at sort of that 640 is or is it here kind of closer to current levels and this is the new base that we should work off of given greater competition in the coffee category?
Mark T. Smucker: Hey, Farha, this is Mark Smucker. Great question, obliviously that’s the one that we have been discussing here internally. And so the short answer is yes, we do think as the business growth, we can’t get back to the levels that we have previously seen. I would remind you that we did have some very significant supply chain restructuring that help deliver some of that growth, clearly the results this year are largely volume driven. So I think over the next two to three years we should start to see a lot of that those dollars come back. We actually are very confident in these last several months that we are making the right decisions on this business to return much of that profitability over the next couple of three years. And so we think that as we sort of transition organizationally, we’ll be leaving the business in good hands with Steve, but in a direction that should help to deliver those results. I guess if I could just take one minute and just talk about some of the – Vince touched on it, in the first question why we’re optimistic. And I put in three buckets, consumer, brands and consumption trends. On the consumer, we are seeing consumers come back into the category slower than we thought, slowly increasing the purchase frequency. We confirmed that there has been no consumer demographic shift. Now on the brand, we still outpaced our competition on the Folgers brand and we know that Dunkin brand has very strong coffee equity versus some of the other café offerings out there. And then finally just on the consumption trends we also know that over 80% of cups consumed at home are still traditional roast and ground. And so the fact all of those dynamics and the fact that we’re still participating in every segment we feel confident that we can gain growth.
Farha Aslam: That's helpful. And then just turning in to your consumer business. Should we be concerned about the weather issues we've seen out West and how that relates to your nut food spreads and your natural drinks business?
Vincent C. Byrd: Farha, this is Vince. No, I mean obviously we’re watching all of those impacts, but I would say as we look into our fiscal 2016, we see a tailwind in our overall comp structure. Coffee is obviously to be determined, although we believe it too will be favorable. But if you look across our entire portfolio of raw materials, we believe that our raw material costs will be a tailwind as we go into next year. Some of that of course or most of it will be passed on in pricing as we spoke to earlier, so it could affect our bottom line, but we believe we are in overall pretty good position.
Farha Aslam: Great, thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from David Driscoll from Citi.
David C. Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Richard K. Smucker: Hi, Dave.
Vincent C. Byrd: Good morning, Dave.
David C. Driscoll: One little quick detail here. Do you guys exclude the deal-related costs from your outlook? So in this reduction, the 3% reduction from the 555 midpoint, is that reduction just all coffee or there is some deal related stuff in that fourth quarter reduction?
Mark R. Belgya: David, this is Mark Belgya. There is no deal cost in the fourth quarter guidance reduction. It’s all based in the full-year and it’s the $4.5 million roughly that we incurred this quarter, just to be clear on kind of how this will flow through going forward. Wheat cost we treat as normal gap charges, but now that the deal has been signed as similar as we’ve done in prior deals as you’ll see on our P&L the merger integration lines. And we spoke to these costs when we announced the deal and $225 million, so those will flow through over the course of next three years, those would be excluded from our non-GAAP earnings. So there is no additional deal cost expected in Q4.
David C. Driscoll: Okay, Mark, just to follow-up on coffee. So what I'd love to hear is just why did this situation just reach a real tipping point in the second fiscal quarter? The canister size issue has been there for a while, but it seems like this price increase that you guys tried to put into effect just really exacerbated I guess this can size issue in our on shelf comparison to your major competitor. And I guess the whole point of this question is to look forward into second quarter of 2016 when we are lapping the 18% volume decline. Is it reasonable to think that the volumes come back if in fact you put the product on a historic basis back in line with the price gaps that it used to be at?
Mark T. Smucker: David, its Mark here. So I think it is reasonable to expect that we will get some of the volume back given the downsize it probably will not all come back, but there will be from a unit perspective we do respect unit growth. And then the first part of your question just around the second quarter, I think we said last quarter we were surprised by the elasticity. Yes the elasticity we’ve seen mirrors the elasticity when we had even higher [revenue] cost a few years ago. And so having a promoted on shelf price that was significantly higher than our competition was clearly a reason for that, but again the speed that which we went up basically overnight from 699 to sort of an 899 level, we saw the consumer react to that. So when you look back over these past four, five, six months you’ll see that the winner was store brand and to a lesser degree we’ve experienced some large growth on our opening price point offerings. And so the dynamics did surprises a little bit so going back to my previous answer about why we are optimistic I think that we have a lot of the right things in place, the ability to sharpen our price points in the next fiscal year to should help to bring a lot of that growth back.
David C. Driscoll: Did you lose shelf space?
Mark T. Smucker: No, in fact I mean I think we talked this last quarter, we actually have seen in a few select retailers not sizable one that perhaps over skewed on the single-serve section and you are actually now returning some of the shelf space to us, but to answer your question in the last six months we have not lost.\
David C. Driscoll: Okay. Thank you so much. I’ll pass it along.
Operator: We’ll go next to Alexia Howard from Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone.
Richard K. Smucker: Good morning.
Vincent C. Byrd: Good morning.
Mark R. Belgya: Good morning.
Steven Oakland: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask about the profitability and pricing on the K-Cup side, there has been a lot of discussion about how pricing on K-Cups has come down even as the import costs on coffee has gone up and I know that’s to do with packaging and so on, but the commentary always used to be the profits on K-Cups were broadly inline with the margins I guess on your coffee business overall. Is that still true or has that come down quite a bit and then I have a follow-up.
Mark T. Smucker: Alexia its Mark again, Mark Smucker. So we did talk last time also about this margin compression and so we have seen our K-Cup below the segment average and so we did invest in the first couple of quarters of this year. However, we took the price increase in January and do expect that margins will improve at least in the near-term, but we may see a little softness in volume.
Alexia Howard: Okay great and then secondly on the mainstream roast and ground coffee dynamic, your main competitor seem to be talking about how they had over promoted in some of their own segments yesterday. Are you seeing any pullback or improvement in the competitive dynamic though or is it just too early to tell? Thank you and I’ll pass it on.
Mark T. Smucker: Thanks Alexia, the main stream, not a lot of pullback and I would say there is some of that. If you look at the share numbers or the consumption numbers again private label or store brand tended to win and even though our main competitor faired a little better than us their consumption trends were also down.
Richard K. Smucker: Despite their investment levels.
Mark T. Smucker: Right, despite their investment levels.
Alexia Howard: Very helpful, thank you very much, I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Well take our next question from Akshay Jagdale from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, hello Akshay.
Vincent C. Byrd: Good morning.
Mark R. Belgya: Good morning.
Steven Oakland: Good morning.
Akshay Jagdale: Again with the coffee questions. So it would be helpful if you could talk about - maybe help us quantify roughly how much of this overall 9.5%, 10% volume decline this fiscal year you think went to private label basically and then maybe just give us a order of magnitude on how much of the decline in volumes that you are expecting this year went to which pieces, so that we can better understand the sustainability of this headwind.
Mark R. Belgya: So Akshay, its Mark again we touched on this in the script and in prepared comments, and essentially about half of the decline. And this is back again to last quarter, about half of the decline has do with this sort of the sticker shock, the reduced purchase frequency, consumers taking pause maybe using less coffee that was probably about half. And then of the remainder the shift to single serve was basically where it has been so we didn’t see an acceleration of that shift. In fact if you look at the share trends between the segment you will see that the growth in single service decelerating. And there seems to be some sort of stabilization that might come out of this in the next couple of years. That said, so you have half in a nutshell have to purchasing less coffee just the frequency then the other half is a combination of a normal shift to single served. And then the rest would be shifting to our competitors. And in this case it will be private label and some premium.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay, so in other words the shift to private label, we’ve seen this in years past and from talking to some of your private label competitors. It’s really a cost of price relationship there is a lot of blending and stuff that plays into that. But that’s not sustainable right; I mean they don’t have a cost advantage longer-term relative to you. So those share shifts have happened before and that should presumably come back to you eventually. Right I mean that’s a good way to think about it.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, it is I would say that the trends are very typical from a store brand standpoint and those brands tend to run short in their coverage from what we understand.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay, and then to talk to this frequency issue I mean I am not sure I really understand it well enough. So what people went to stores less and purchase less coffee, we are not seeing that in the cup consumption data per se. Can you give us some sense of what happen there? And how do you think that’s going to play out. How do you address that?
Richard K. Smucker: Akshay, I cant’ break it down between purchase frequency, dosing the Brewer less. We don’t have that granularity, but when we’ve seen declines in the past it typically is partly driven by consumers making maybe 8 cups instead of 10 in the home maybe putting one less scoop in, so there is - there typically could be less usage which in turn could drive not instead of an 85-day purchase cycle for example maybe they are buying their next round of coffee in 95 days. I mean it’s hard to guess that level of granularity, but that’s how we think about it.
Akshay Jagdale: And so the canister downsize and lower price point is going to address that issue, correct?
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, we believe it will.
Akshay Jagdale: Okay, great. I’ll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Chris Growe from Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe: Hi, good morning.
Richard K. Smucker: Good morning.
Mark R. Belgya: Good morning.
Christopher R. Growe: Hi, I just had two quick questions. I guess a bit of a follow-up and both on coffee unfortunately. So just a question for you on, there was a comment in the release about reduced promotional efficiency and I know that the canister downsize and obviously incremental promotion, but I just want to get a sense of across the different segments. Is your promotional spending coming down with less efficiency or reducing promotional spending, does that have a knock-on effect of prices. I’m just curious how you are going address that?
Mark R. Belgya: Well, I think yes, I mean it hasn’t do with responsible pricing. We have pulled back a little bit on the frequency and as we get into the next fiscal year, we do expect both our promotional activities as well as the efficiency to return to more normalized levels.
Christopher R. Growe: Okay, and then just a question for you on Dunkin and that premium segment in general. You obviously have a big competitor entering that category or at lost a big brand in the café. I’m just curious how again that you’re positioning Dunkin in front of that, again more promotional or what you are trying to do try and be more competitive in front of that launch?
Mark R. Belgya: Well, first of all it’s about supporting the brand, we have to continue to support the brand. We have a great relationship with Dunkin, we enjoyed the halo effect of their advertising as well. There will be a short-term impact which seen plenty of trial on the competitor, but we think from a brand standpoint Dunkin has a very strong coffee equity and that should help carry its weight as we move into the next fiscal year. And then we continue to focus of course on innovation and so there will be - every year we’ve got new products, new flavors all of those things that help support the brand as well. So we think we can weather it.
Christopher R. Growe: Okay. Thank you for the time. See you at Cagney.
Mark R. Belgya: Thanks, Chris.
Richard K. Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Jonathan Feeney from Athlos Research.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks very much.
Richard K. Smucker: Hey, Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney: Has there been any work on your demographics of maybe some of this slowdown, any customer segments in particular within coffee? I always thought of Folgers as within roasting ground of the premium player in I’m not sure if it’s possible some migration to single-serve within Folgers has maybe changed that in many people more price sensitive, but I’d love any insight you have as to is to middle income, low income consumers who are a little bit more price sensitive it would be appreciated?
Mark R. Belgya: Jonathon that is exactly the question we’ve been asking ourselves and we’ve done some work on that and my earlier comment was we haven’t fortunately seen a shift in the demographic base and that does refer to the difference social economic levels the concern might have been that we were learning loosing the most, the least price sensitive consumers to other segments. When we look at the ratios it looks like it’s pretty much the same consumer base that we’ve always had. We do view Folgers within the mainstream segment as the premium, the leader, the price leader all of those things. So we feel good about who our consumer is and then in addition to that we are doing a lot of very deep consumer segmentation work to make sure that our own views of who our consumer is have not changed or maybe they have. So over the next several months we’ll also be updating those data points.
Jonathan Feeney: And just one other question Eric asked earlier in the call and I’m sorry if somebody else asked this, but Eric asked earlier in the call about retailer inventories maybe having an impact on the fourth quarter. I’m curious about your insights about consumer level inventories that’s been a big issue for Green Mountain and their change over, but even in the roasting ground business you talked about less purchasing?
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, this is Richard, just in general in terms of the economic impact with the economy we still look at the consumer based in three buckets, the top thirds doing well, the lower thirds still challenged in terms of consumer and the middle third actually starting to do a little bit better especially with gas prices coming down and I think we’ve seen a little bit of that for get to coffee for just a minute. But just in general we see a little tick-up in our business in the months of December and January in terms of the consumers being willing to loosen up their pocket book a little bit and we think that has a lot to do with the gas prices coming down and just some optimisms. So consumer confidence is up, you’ve seen the numbers. So we think that is going to bode well for our business overall next year and actually we’ve seen it a little bit this year, but that’s from a macro sense how we view it. I don’t know if any other guys want to. I think that covers it.
Jonathan Feeney: Yes thanks, but any insight on the consumer level inventory of coffee.
Mark T. Smucker: Just is it from a pantry perspective.
Jonathan Feeney: Yes, pantry perceptive, you said people are shopping less, I mean you said maybe they are drinking a little bit less coffee, I don’t know if you have any of really knowing you know you said making eight cups instead of 10 or something like that. Do you have way of knowing what your sort of pantries look like for dedicated Folgers households right now?
Mark T. Smucker: Yes sure, there are some research that we do and it does look like consumers may have less coffee in total in their pantry, but I cant quantify that.
Jonathan Feeney: Okay, fair enough guys. Thanks very much. Take care.
Richard K. Smucker: Thank you.
Mark T. Smucker: Thank you for joining.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Chuck Cerankosky from Northcoast Research.
Chuck Cerankosky: Good morning everyone, I would like to ask more of a macro question with regard to demand for center store products you sell. In looking at customer that is feeling a little bit better about things, it looks like there has been more in the fresh food categories, do you think that makes them more sensitive to price and promotion in the products you sell and perhaps maybe even skipping some of those items to make room for fresh products, some of which have significant inflation attached to them.
Vincent C. Byrd: Hi Chuck its Vince. I’m not sure that maybe going on, but let me just maybe frame in what we have seen on the last 12 weeks. If you look at total retail sales dollars were up about 2.5, tonnage is down a little over one, if you look at the categories that we participate in dollar sales are only up about 1.7 and tonnage is actually down a little more about 2.5. But if you look at us as a manufacturer including coffee and including the down size on our peanut butter business, our sales are down but that’s because we have more deflation, but our tonnage is down less than either the overall grocery store or the categories we are participating in. So we are going share, and probably more comforting is that you compare to our number one competitor across all of that same landscape they are down 7%. So I think it gets factor, one Richard’s comment center of store is flat to down one kind of number and we're fairing pretty good relative to our competitive set.
Richard K. Smucker: And I would just add to that. I think you are right Chuck, primarily the store is growing and as peoples have a little more money in their pocket they are willing to spend a little more on fresh products in the perimeter of the store. And that certainly has an impact on the center of the store, but as we know the retailer still make majority of their money on the center of the store and we are doing with the exception of coffee which we are talked about we’re doing very well in the center of the store.
Mark R. Belgya: Chuck this is Mark Belgya. I guess the only thing I would add from innovation standpoint, thought process and how do you sort of take the popularity of the perimeter bring into the center. So if you look at where our innovation, clean label, good and good for you type products snacking is a real focus and you’ve seen some and you will see more and we’ll chat about that next week at Cagney. So we are trying to capitalize at least on the trends that we are seeing outside.
Chuck Cerankosky: All right, thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason M. English: Hey, good morning folks, thanks for squeezing me in.
Richard K. Smucker: Good morning.
Mark R. Belgya: Good morning, Jason.
Jason M. English: First, a very quick housekeeping item, I think there is some confusion related to, at the last conference call you hosted regards to Big Heart. And exactly what the incremental amortization step up is going to be. A lot of us will anchor to the $125 million, it sounds like that’s kind of all in. Can you clarify what the incremental portion of that is?
Mark R. Belgya: Jason, this is Mark Belgya. Now it is the $125 million in total its $225 million that includes the existing $100 million Smucker today. Where there might be some confusion depending it upon what research you might have done is they obviously had some of their own amortization. So we are just looking at it, at all incremental, so that would be $125 million.
Jason M. English: And the $125 million includes which already embedded the amortization is already embedded in their DNA?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, it does. I mean obviously we have to revalue all the assets so you kind of you flush their number and add our $125 million in.
Jason M. English: Got it that’s helpful. Back to the business at hand, lots of different sort of story lines about what’s happening in coffee. We’re cutting some data this morning and looking at household penetration for the Folgers brand. And we see household penetration having fallen in 2009 from 35% to 31.6% in 2014 about 10% drop. We are sort of accelerating erosion on household penetration just this past year or down 6%. This seems more concerning they are just less households buying the brand. And maybe we reached a tipping point where there is sort of craft mentality fragmentation has accelerated. And it begs a question of whether or not there is sort of true secular issues, at full-year. Can you comment on that why we shouldn’t be concerned about this data. And maybe what you see in terms of your own penetration data?
Mark T. Smucker: Hey, Jason, this is Mark Smucker. You’re right some household penetration is down on the Folgers brand, but that’s why we are participating in all these other segments. So that the fragmentation model, I think there’s some truth to that so on one hand we are in all other segments, we are getting growth, we’ve done real well on our Folgers K-Cups. And then just as you think about some of the things that you can hear next week, when Vince present the Cagney about some of the mainstream innovation that we’ve got coming on the stream in the fall in a small scale, but more broadly after that, we believe should still be able to show up our business in the mainstream if not the same as itself.
Jason M. English: Okay, thanks. I look forward to seeing some of those initiatives.
Richard K. Smucker: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: We will take our next question from Rob Dickerson from Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson: Thank you very much. I just had two questions. I guess one more strategic around Big Heart Pet Brands and the other one just housekeeping. I guess the first question is on the strategic side with Big Heart. I’m just curious, I’m not sure how much you could actually comment on this, but any additional color would be great. So I guess just considering, Jim Kilts who obviously he had a quite successful career in the CPG side and he is Chairman of Big Heart Pet Brands and currently a partner at Centerview. Is the expectation as you bring in David West, you’ve also have the sort of the board advisors on the private equity side it’s someone like Jim Kilts would actually be in overall part of the strategy going forward?
Richard K. Smucker: Tim and I know Jim very well, and I’ve known him for years and I’ve a lot of respect for Jim, and as we said we are great that Dave West is joining the team and our observers that are going to be part of this, part of our board activity. They are all - good backgrounds in CPG. So hopefully we gain from their experience and we think that will be very helpful as we look at our business down the road. So we are looking forward to that.
Robert Dickerson: Great. So on the advisor side then it’s not I mean it’s fair to assume obviously just considering the equity stake from the private equity side that the comments and any additional help that they can provide on the total business will be there, it’s more comprehensive versus just Big Heart Pet Brands?
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, it’s more strategic. You are correct.
Robert Dickerson: Okay. Fair enough. And then secondly just housekeeping I know in the past you’ve said that transactions you do, you hope that the not only would they be EPS and free cash flow per share accretive, but also accretive to return on capital. I am assuming the expectation is Big Heart will be there as well?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, Rob, this is Mark. Yes, of course that is our expectation and with the new capital structure out there our weighted average cost capital changes net to our favor, but yes this business would also deliver on that target.
Robert Dickerson: Okay.
Richard K. Smucker: May I just add to that when we talked about the amortization and our cash flow per share, we are going to start focusing more on that and showing more information about our cash flow per share going forward because our earnings per share really doesn’t tell the whole story of this company and how much cash we generate and we’ve got probably more cash flow per share versus earnings per share than most people in the CPG industry and so we need to get that message out.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes, I guess to add to that kind of playing off the question we just asked for awhile ago the amortization and if you look at once the deal is closed, if you take that $225 million of amortization and dollar rise that’s about a $1.25 a share, so certainly we think of valuing our company that way. So you need to take whatever guidance rage and put another bucket and quarter on it and that gives you maybe a little better value we though of.
Robert Dickerson: Fair enough, all right. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to John Baumgartner from Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner: Thank you, good morning.
Richard K. Smucker: Good morning.
Vincent C. Byrd: Good morning.
John J. Baumgartner: Just wanted to ask a big picture about consumer foods for moment and at the pricing contribution is weak there presuming how commodities are tracking there may not be positive pricing for some time still. So I guess what are your expectations for the competitive dynamics and pricing incentive going forward. Do you see more or deeper discounting the manufacturer is use to hold the line here or maybe promote back a little bit less if consumers are feeling better, just how do you kind of thinking about that?
Vincent C. Byrd: This is Vince. I mentioned earlier a couple of things, we took some price decreases this year on peanut butter and Crisco and we’ll have those going into next year as we look at our input cost across consumer foods and most of those are tend to be tailwinds and so from our top line perspective we will have a negative dollar impact on net sales. In terms of our industry it’s fair to say that I think everyone is saying that our promotional dollars are not as effective as they have been historically and there is a lot of money into the trade right now. We are very comfortable with our promotional strategy, if you look across our brands most of our brands tend to do better, everyday shelf price versus I’d say promotionally driven on the consumer side. And so whenever we can our desire would be get the everyday shelf price right and then tactically promote from half of that and not necessarily a higher frequency or higher deal level. And so I guess I’ll leave it there and…
Mark R. Belgya: I am going to just add to that Vince, our strategy is number one brands in the respective categories we participate in and by that we take the leading position in terms of going up or down in price. And we recognized in the short-term such as example peanut butter, we got upside down on that for a while, but we were willing to hang in there and do what was right for the brand and do brand building or the right pricing and it took us probably 18 months to get our cost price relationship back, but we were responsible and as the leaders in the category and overtime that has still proven as the best strategy. We don’t think that strategy should change for the leaders in each of the categories, certainly that we participate in and overtime that’s the right strategy. We also believe that this is a great time to be in the consumer foods business, believe it or not, although we know it’s extremely competitive right now, brands are still extremely important to consumers and if we treat them right, they will do well in the long-term.
Mark R. Belgya: Hey John, this is Mark Belgya. I would add one other thing, because I agree with everything we said and I think sometimes you through the pass through categorically across all our business and I think its important to think about everything we just said is how we are managing the price and you sort of think of peanut butter and cake mixes and things like that but when you think about innovation as well though you got to think - take Sahale for example. So while we're continuing to do the right thing in pricing, we added Sahale to bring us growth to our consumer food segment or we are introducing products under the Jif or Smucker’s brand that probably longer term once they are in the run model mode, are going to be a positive mix. So we’ll manage the price and we’ll grow that, but we’ll add on with innovation and acquisition to build that overall consumer food segment growth algorithm in the long-term.
John J. Baumgartner: Okay. Thanks very much for that.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert B. Moskow: Hey, one of the reasons I started covering your stock is that someone told me that it was under covered by the sell side, I think you are…
Richard K. Smucker: Rob you lost the laundry drawer in the end of that sorry.
Robert B. Moskow: Yes, I think we’ll probably pass that as being an issue. All right coffee question, just asked different way. You said that mainstream category volume down 5% half of it due to switching. So I guess my concern is 70% of your sales are Folgers and coffee and you are in a mainstream category that’s probably going to decline another 2.5% in volume if that switching still occurs, maybe 5% is the switching still occurs. So, I mean how can we feel comfortable that Folgers can get back to volume growth aside from just taking market share, because it seems like you are facing an uphill battle and the other 30% of the business is having trouble generating enough profit growth to make up for what Folgers is giving up.
Richard K. Smucker: Hey, Robert let me start. And then I will turn it over to Mark, but these are same issues in concerns we heard when the day that we acquired this business, that we are facing this growing premium segment. And how we are going to compete on our Folgers mainstream and we’ve demonstrated that we took a brand that was supposed to be $50 million to over $350 million. We had this growing concern of single serve and how were we going to compete and we’re the first national brand to participate. And so clearly, this past year we’ve had an issue with our mainstream roast and ground, but I think if you look at our history of our innovation, our supply chain initiatives that we’ve done, we’ve navigated our way through some pretty significant category and consumer trends and very significant changes in our cost of our green coffee. Fairly, as Richard and I said in our prepared remarks and as Mark has articulated we aren’t happy with where it is today. But we still think the Folgers brand is great, we still believe there are growth opportunities. And there are other opportunities for us that we believe will come to fruition down the pike. So I just would like to frame it in, in that matter and trust us.
Robert B. Moskow: Okay, and I will say one thing that I think you are at a more reasonable base of profits for coffee this time around for fiscal 2015. So I guess that’s the good thing and for profit growth in fiscal 2016 you are saying you are going to grow above your normal organic growth rate. Is it fair to say that organic growth rate is about 5%?
Richard K. Smucker: I’d probably say a tad below that.
Robert B. Moskow: Tad below 5%
Richard K. Smucker: We typically talk, yes, we talk about organic growth rate more like a 3% growth rate 3% to 4%.
Robert B. Moskow: Okay so organic 3% to 4% on the sales or profit line.
Vincent C. Byrd: Sales would be more in that sort of 3% and then you pick up 1 or 2 points on profit.
Robert B. Moskow: Okay so coffee profit is expected to grow a little faster than that in fiscal 2016?
Vincent C. Byrd: That’s right.
Robert B. Moskow: Okay. Thank you. End of Q&A
Operator: There are no other questions in the queue at this time. I will now turn the conference back to management to conclude.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, we’d like to thank everybody for being on today we are looking forward to seeing everybody at Cagney next week. We’ve got some more talk about Big Heart Pet food next week. And also talk about our strategy moving forward. So thank you all for being on and we will see you next week.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call. You may do so by dialing 1-888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 with a passcode of 1727919. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating. And have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2014-11-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Broholm - Direct of Investor Relations Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer & Director Vincent C. Byrd - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director Mark R. Belgya - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Steven Oakland - President International Foodservice & Natural Foods Mark T. Smucker - President US Retail Coffee & Director Paul Smucker Wagstaff - President US Retail Consumer Foods & Director
Analysts: David Driscoll - Citigroup Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Jason English - Goldman Sachs Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc Capital Markets Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the J. M. Smucker Company second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. At this time I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers after the presentation. Please limit yourself to two initial question during the Q&A session and requeue if you then have additional questions. I will now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Director of Investor Relations.
Aaron Broholm: Welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. Here with me on the call are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; Vince Byrd, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Oakland, President International Food Service and Natural Foods; Mark Smucker, President US Retail Coffee; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President US Retail Consumer Foods. Our prepared comments this morning will be organized as follows: Richard will begin with an overview of our second quarter performance; Vince will then provide an update on our business segments; and Mark will close with additional comments on our financial results for the quarter and our outlook for the year. During this conference call we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure statement and the press release concerning forward looking statements.
 :
Richard K. Smucker : Last week we issued a press release previewing our second quarter results and revised full year outlook. While our fundamentals remained strong, we were disappointed in the results for our second quarter. We have always managed our business for the long term, but our coffee business fell short of expectations during the second quarter. During today’s call we want to make sure that we answer your questions, but also do not want to lose sight of the many positives in our business and why we’re optimistic as we look ahead. The questions we expect to answer today are what were the drivers of our volume shortfall in coffee for the quarter; has there been a fundamental change to the coffee category; and more specifically, between roast and ground, premium, and single serve. In addition to volume, are there other factors affecting the coffee segment profit? What are we doing to address the coffee issue experienced in the second quarter? Outside of coffee, how are the other business segments performing? This morning we will devote a significant portion of our scripted commentary to providing answers to these questions. As we shared last week, second quarter non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.53 was the same as the prior year however, this fell significantly below our plan. We are pleased with the performance of our consumer foods and international food service and natural food segments. As noted, the shortfall was driven by the US retail coffee segment, specifically the consumer response to higher price points, reduced promotional effectiveness, and ongoing competitive activities all contributed to the decline in volume for the segments resulting in lower net sales and segment profit for the quarter. In the back half of the fiscal year, we anticipate coffee volume trends to improve compared to the second quarter but to remain down from the prior year. This combined with the relationship between price and green coffee costs, resulted in the lower full year guidance that we provided last week. Our teams have spent a great deal of time analyzing the recent results allowing us to conclude that this performance does not reflect a fundamental change in the coffee category. We do recognize the need to continuously create value for consumers and have adjusted our tactics to address the current dynamics in the marketplace. Vince will expand on our near term challenges and opportunities within the coffee segment shortly but first, I will address the macro view we have regarding the at home coffee category and our outlook for it. First, we believe mainstream roast and ground coffee will continue to be very relevant to consumers as the largest segment in terms of volume within the category. Despite the current higher pricing, at approximately $0.05 per cup, mainstream coffee continues to provide a strong value proposition for consumers. The modest value declines in the overall mainstream segment for the last few years has been in line with our expectations. Prior to this quarter volume for the Folgers brand has grown in eight of the past nine quarters. Over this time Folgers has also gained dollar share in the mainstream segment and remains the dominant brand in this space. We also see opportunities to innovate within the mainstream segment beyond new roasts and flavors to provide consumers additional convenience options and grow our roast and ground share. Second, with much of the category growth expected to come from the K-Cup and premium segments, we are well positioned to participate in this growth. Within premium, the Dunkin Donuts brand has strong equity and resonates with consumers. We have grown this brand consistently over the years including volume gains in eight of the past 10 quarters, increasing Dunkin Donut’s market share in the premium segment over this time. Within K-Cups, our growth rates have slowed since we first entered the segment yet recently we have seen significant gains for our Folgers K-Cup and the initial contributions from our recently launched Café Bustelo K-Cups. We remain confident that our brands will continue to play a key role in the growth of this platform. Third, we have demonstrated over time our ability to manage periods of higher green coffee costs while successfully growing coffee profits. In fact, we manage through even higher costs three years ago. Lastly, we remain the overall leader in the coffee category with a wide market share advantage. As a leading participant in all key forms of coffee and segments, we play a vital role for retailers as they look to us for insights on consumer trends and our overall perspective on the category. For these reasons we believe our coffee strategy remains on point and we are confident in achieving our long term growth goals. Let me now return to our performance for the quarter. Overall, our remaining business performed well in the second quarter and remain on track to achieve full year profit segment growth. Within the consumer food segment, volume gains were realized in Jif Peanut Butter, Uncrustable Frozen Sandwiches, and Crisco Oils during the quarter. Segment profit increased significantly year-over-year primarily due to peanut butter as we anticipated. In our international food service and natural food segments, the underlying businesses performed well, although the headwinds we’ve spoken to previously, most notably foreign exchange and rationalized businesses continued to impact the reported results. But for this segment, we expect both sales and segment profit growth in the back half of the year. As we look at the overall food industry all the participants continue to navigate through a challenging environment. Two months ago at the Barclay’s back-to-school conference, we spoke to some of the current dynamics including the certain segments of the consumer base are financially pressed and remain cautious that there are evolving consumer trends such as heightened focus on health and wellness and increased desire for transparency and the growing impact of the social media and eCommerce on consumer’s behavior. All of these factors are contributing to the center of the store volume trends that have been the subject of much discussion. Based on the latest [SCAN] data, whether you look at the four, 12, or 52 week period, the total food volume across measured channels is down approximately 1%. Partially in response to this, promotional activities have increased as manufacturers and retailers compete for share. At the same time, traditional promotional tactics are proving to be less efficient. We’ve seen this in our own business as well. That being said, we see some positive trends starting to develop. Overall US retail sales including all sectors were up 0.3% in October. A major retailer recently reported their first comp sales growth in more than a year. Energy costs are coming down both in oil and natural gas providing consumers with more disposable income. Commodity costs have in many cases, stabilized, with some at five year lows. The latest consumer sentiment numbers reached a seven year high with consumers expecting lower inflation and due primarily to lower gas prices. Lastly, the moderate economic recovery seems to be moving forward based upon strengthening consumer sector and increasing consumer confidence. To address the challenges and take advantages of the opportunities, we continue to focus on innovation with an increased emphasis on products that are consistent with evolving consumer trends. We’re also accelerating our commitment to those areas of our business that provide the biggest opportunities for future growth ensuring that our resources are aligned properly. At the same time we are continuing to review all of our cost levers throughout our organization. Lastly, we have the ability to leverage our balance sheet to support future EPS growth be it through accretive M&A activity, or through share repurchases. While most of our remaining comments today will focus on the second quarter and the balance of the fiscal year, we look forward to sharing more about these opportunities in the months ahead. We have leading brands and a great team of passionate employees. We firmly believe that we’re moving forward with the right approach and have the right actions in place to provide more upside potential for the remainder of the year. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Vince for an overview of our business segments.
Vincent C. Byrd : Let me begin by reinforcing a few key points. First, the short fall for the second quarter and full year expectations are driven by the performance of our coffee segment. We believe these are near term challenges and remain confident with our overall coffee strategy. Second, within our other two segments, most of our brands and categories perform well in the quarter and the segments remain on track to achieve our full year segment profit expectations. Third, as the overall operating environment remains competitive, we will maintain a disciplined approach while continuing to focus on tactical opportunities to address the current landscape. With that, let me provide some additional color on our three segments starting with US retail coffee. Volumes declined 18% in the second quarter reflecting greater than anticipated elasticity from recent pricing actions for our Folgers roast and ground business. Our analysis of the second quarter has led us to a few key conclusions. First, the key driver behind the volume decline was consumer reaction to higher pricing for branded roast and ground coffee offerings in general and our Folgers brand in particular. We believe this resulted in consumers temporarily delaying purchases within the mainstream segment and to a significantly lesser extent, substituting private labels. Second, while single serve coffee continues to grow including strong growth for our Folgers K-Cup offerings in the quarter, this did not drive the mainstream volumes decline over this period. Finally, this is not a fundamental change in the at home coffee category or our coffee business. During the second quarter, consumers saw significantly higher promoted pricing for the Folger’s brand. This resulted from a reduction in promotional spending from the first quarter levels and the reflection of our list price increase that was effective in June. Promoted price points on our core red can offerings increased by $2 in many markets, representing a near 30% increase. Historically, promoted price points has been more gradually stepped up in smaller increments over time. The rapid ascend in pricing combined with the reduced promotional efficiency and competitive activities, resulted in consumer takeaway being much less than we anticipated, most notably during the latter half of the quarter. As a reference, ROI data indicates volume within the overall mainstream segment was down 9% with our brands down 13% during the latest 12 weeks [SCAN] period. Private label fared much better and was up 3% over this period. While we expect these challenges to persist in the near term, we are optimistic as we look ahead due to several factors. We are beginning to see competitive price gaps narrow, we anticipate the market will ultimately adjust to higher prices, our price-to-cost relationship for everyday shelf pricing is consistent with historical norms, we are tactically adjusting all of our levers including price, and as previously stated our research indicates the recent declines were not driven by fundamental shift to single serve coffee. Turning briefly to the rest of the segment, the Dunkin Donuts brand was less impacted by higher pricing as volume declined 3% against a plus 11% comp in the prior year. For K-Cups we are pleased with the sequential improvement in volume trends with a 15% increase over the prior year driven by 23% increase for the Folgers brand. K-Cup net sales were up 12% for the quarter. Looking ahead, we anticipate there will be a heightened level of competitive activities in the premium and K-Cup space, reflecting a new competitive launch. Finally, in regard to green coffee costs, we began to recognize higher costs during the second quarter as expected. While there continues to be speculation and volatility in the green coffee markets, we have taken steps to provide good visibility into our cost structure for the remainder of the fiscal year. Turning to US retail consumer foods, we were pleased with the strong segment profit performance for the second quarter. Volume was flat compared to the prior year as gains in several key brands and categories were offset by declines in baking which has a significant impact on our tonnage base volume metric due to the higher weight. Looking at the performance within the spreads categories, the back-to-school promotional period came to a successful conclusion during the quarter reflecting solid merchandising support and consumer’s desire for more low cost premium protein options. Volume for the Jif brand was up 2% with strong growth from Jif Natural Peanut Butter. Our Jif To-go offerings also grew significantly up 21% driven by our recently launched Jif To-go Dippers. Smucker’s fruit spread volume decreased 3% in the second quarter as we experienced declines in traditional varieties against a strong prior year comp and continued softness in our sugar free and reduced sugar offerings. Partially offsetting this was the continued growth of Smucker National Fruit Spreads which more than doubled year ago volume. Momentum continued for Smucker’s Uncrustable frozen sandwiches with volume up 22% over the prior year, this represented an 11% consecutive quarter of double digit growth in retail channels. Combined with our Food Service Uncrustable business, which has been impacted by planned rationalizations we have discussed previously, companywide Uncrustable volume was up 16% in the quarter, representing the strongest quarter of growth in the past two years. Turning to the bake isle, the Crisco brand performance was solid with base oil volume growing 4%. As expected, net sales for the brand decreased due to a price decline we announced in the fourth quarter of last year reflecting soybean oil futures being near five year lows. Within the Pillsbury brand, volume trends improved from the first quarter but remained down year-over-year reflecting softness in the category and increased competitive activities. Our overall baking business is in the midst of the fall bake promotional period. We are encouraged by the merchandising plans we have in place and the anticipated contribution of new items, but expect a heightened level of competition to remain. While consumer takeaway will ultimately be key to our results for the period, we are optimistic for a solid holiday period. Segment profit for the second quarter was up 17% over the prior year with much of the increase driven by improvements in peanut butter profitability. As a reminder, the prior year segment profit was negatively impacted by two factors: temporary and incremental cost that occurred in our Orrville and Scottsville manufacturing facilities and the timing of a peanut butter price decline taken in advance of recognizing lower peanut costs. Effective earlier this month, we took a 7% price decline on the majority of our peanut butter products reflecting our lower peanut cost position. Finally, in consumer foods, we completed the acquisition of Sahale Snacks during the quarter. We continue to project necessary sales contributions of approximately $25 million in fiscal 2015 with an immaterial bottom line impact in the first year. The integration work is going well and we remain excited about the growth opportunities this business presents in the snacking arena. In international food service and natural foods, we continue to see the sequential improvement of underlying trends that was expected for the segment. Our top line performance compared to the prior year continued to be impacted by the rationalizations in our food service hot beverage business which we expect to fully lap at the end of the third quarter. For segment profits, the items we discussed on our last call, a weaker Canadian dollar and a higher run rate on trade spin in the US food service coffee continued to impact second quarter results. The currency impact is expected to remain a headwind through the end of the fiscal year and into fiscal 2016. However, we will lap the trade spend adjustments recorded in the back half of last year which will provide year-over-year benefit for the next two quarters. While these items have led to a lot of noise in the segment, we are encouraged by our recent performance and are focused on our key growth opportunities as we move ahead. These include in Canada, building on the recent market share gains we’ve achieved across nearly all of our categories including expectations for a strong conclusion to the fall bake period. Within food service, we are gaining momentum in our portion control business and in the conversion of the customers to our Folgers brand liquid coffee offering. Further, as we leverage the capacity investments made over the past few years in our Scottsville facility, we are looking to regain much of the exited school Uncrustable business. This reflects recent changes to the USDA program which will allow us to manufacture the peanut butter used in the sandwiches for this channel. We expect the related sales benefit to begin in fiscal 2016. In natural foods, our newly integrated sales organization is aligned to take advantage of the continued growth in the natural and organic offerings in both traditional and natural food channels. This drove a strong quarter performance for our R. W. Knudsen brand and we look for this momentum to continue. Our truRoots brand has been challenged by higher quinoa costs since its acquisition a year ago primarily driven by higher demand. With costs moderating and anticipated distribution gains, we look for a stronger back half of the year for this brand. In closing, it’s important to note that since acquiring the coffee business in 2008 we have successfully navigated through many business climates including changing consumer habits and fluctuating green coffee markets. During these time we’ve been able to consistently grow earnings in the coffee segment and our brands continue to lead in market share by a wide margin. We remain confident in our coffee strategy and the long term prospects for this business. I’ll now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark R. Belgya : I will start by briefly summarizing our second quarter results. The remainder of my comments will then focus on our revised outlook for the full year including additional color around the back half. Net sales decreased $78 million or 5% in the second quarter reflecting lower overall volumes most notably for coffee along with unfavorable mix. The impact of net price realization, acquisitions, and foreign exchange was not material. GAAP earnings per share were $1.55 this quarter, up 6% from $1.46 in the second quarter of last year. Included in this year’s GAAP earnings were $8 million in unallocated derivative gains compared to a loss of $2 million in the prior year. Excluding certain items affecting comparability, as defined in our press release, non-GAAP EPS was $1.53 in line with the prior year. Non-GAAP gross profit decreased $27 million or 5% in the second quarter with gross margin remaining flat to the prior year at 35.7%. The lower gross profit resulting from coffee driven impacts on volume in mix being only partially offset by an overall favorable price-to-cost relationship during the quarter. A 7% decrease in SG&A spend primarily driven by a reduction in marketing helped offset some of the lower gross profit. Other items contribute favorably to year-over-year EPS comparisons were lower interest expense as we benefitted from a reduction in outstanding long term debt and last year’s interest rate swap, and a decrease in the number of average shares outstanding resulting from share repurchase activity in the prior fiscal year. Turning to cash flow, cash provided by operations was $92 million for the quarter compared to $86 million in the prior year. This quarter’s cash generation turned the year-to-date total to a positive $84 million compared to $168 million for the first half of last fiscal year. This decline primarily attributable to great current year use of cash for working capital needs reflecting higher green coffee costs in inventory as well as certain timing factors. With capital expenditures of $65 million in the second quarter, free cash flow was $27 million for the quarter, but $30 million negative for the first half of 2015. While we expect significant cash generation during the third quarter as we complete the fall bake and holiday period, we will not achieve our original free cash flow guidance range of $625 million to $635 million. We now [indiscernible] 2015 free cash flow will approximately $500 million. This reflects the expected decrease in net income as well as an increase for working capital. Along with the working capital factors I noted previously, we expect a temporary increase in our day’s inventory on hand as we manage industrywide risk related to the increased demand for transportation providers and other initiatives. During the quarter, commercial paper borrowings peaked at approximately $650 million reflecting the closing of the Sahale acquisition and seasonal working capital needs. Before declining to the end of the quarter at $546 million outstanding. We expect to pay down much of the remaining borrowing by the end of the fiscal year assuming no share repurchase or M&A activities. Let me conclude with our sales and EPS outlook. We now anticipated 2015 net sales will be down approximately 1% compared to the prior year reflecting lower volume expectations most significantly for US retail coffee. Overall, this revised guidance implies a modest year-over-year increase in net sales for the last six months of 2015. In the coffee segment we anticipate volume trends to improve from the second quarter but to remain down year-over-year in the back half with declines expected in the mid to high single digit range. However, higher net price realization and favorable mix are anticipated to result in segment net sales growth for the last two quarters of the year. Within consumer foods, we anticipate the first half trends to continue for the remainder of the year with lower price realization impacting net sales. This reflects the recent price decline taken on peanut butter and the Crisco price decline taken in the fourth quarter of last year. Finally, in the international food service and natural food segment year-over-year trends are expected to improve sequentially in the last two quarters as higher price realization and favorable mix more than offset lower volume. Turning to EPS we now expect 2015 non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $5.45 and $5.65 the revision from our original guidance range of $5.95 to $6.05 relates to the coffee business. The midpoint of our revised EPS range [verses] the back half of the fiscal year is approximately 6% below the prior year. Looking at the puts and takes for the last two quarters of 2015, the primary year-over-year headwind is expected to be lower coffee profitability that will be driven by the anticipated decline in volume as well as sequentially higher coffee costs that are not expected to be fully offset by net price realizations. Our profitability expectations for the other two segments have not changed significantly as we continue to expect them to achieve full year segment profit growth in 2015. We previously indicated segment profit growth for the consumer food segment was anticipated to be significantly front end loaded reflecting the timing of recognizing lower peanut costs. While we expect to continue recognizing lower costs, the year-over-year impact will subside in the back half of 2015 and will be more than offset by the lower peanut butter pricing over this period. That said, consumer food segment profit for the back half of 2015 is expected to increase slightly over the prior year. We continue to anticipate back half segment profit growth for international food service and natural foods. This reflects the lapping of the food service trade set adjustments recorded in the second half of last year as well as growth in natural foods including incremental contribution from the Enray acquisition. We now expect total SG&A spend for the year will be down slightly for the prior year reflecting a reduction in the marketing expense for the full year along with lower incentive compensation expense. This compares to our original 2015 expectations of a 4% year-over-year increase. Related to the reduction in marketing it is important to reinforce that this is not a shift in our long term strategy of investing behind our brands. With approximately $275 million in planned spending, we remain satisfied with the level of brand support in place for the year including a strong on air presence while continuing to execute on our digital initiatives and other opportunities. In addition, last year’s back half included marketing support for our sponsorship of Team USA 2014 winter Olympics. Our revised 2015 guidance continues to reflect approximately 102 million shares outstanding. No shares were repurchased during the company’s quarter and the board recently increased our share repurchase authorization to 10 million shares. In closing, let me reiterate that we firmly believe we are moving forward with the right approach to overcome short term challenges and that when we make decision with the long term perspective, growth will naturally flow. With that, we will now open up the call for your questions. Operator, I ask that you queue up the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Driscoll - Citigroup.
David Driscoll: I wanted to start off in coffee, certainly a fairly startling event here in the second quarter. I appreciate all the comments that you guys made in your prepared comments but maybe I’d like to ask just kind of simply, do you believe that Smuckers was over earning in coffee in fiscal ’14 and that the fiscal ’15 correction is just a normalization? Then basically to that, how do you know either way?
Vincent C. Byrd : I think it’s a very fair question. We obviously finished last year very, very strongly and would say that our margins last year were in very good shape compared to historical levels. The only thing you have to keep in mind on a margin percent basis that’s going to fluctuate depending on where green is at any particular time. Again, we manage the business to try to grow segment profit year-after-year. Again, I think your comment is fair but certainly we think that we can continue to grow the segment profit of this business, but clearly we are not going to do that this fiscal year.
David Driscoll: My second question and final question is just on Pillsbury and the baking mix category, the category certainly under some pressure, General Mills has announced an earnings problem because of it and some other factors. Have you accounted for significant promotional activities in baking mixes in your guidance? Can you give us some thoughts and color there?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes, we have accounted for all the different promotional activity we are seeing in the baking category and I think overall what’s doing well for us is we have some new innovation with our bold colored frostings and cakes. Those continue to do well, our seasonals do well. We are seeing competitive challenges and we expect that. When you think about our fall bake, as we mentioned in the script, we feel that so far we’re seeing some good consumer pull through and things look to be solid, so we would anticipate having a good year. That said we know there is competition that continues to increase and we have accounted for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar: I had thought it might be somewhat easier to manage through the price increases this time around I guess compared to the last round of inflation if for no other reason then you were dealing with $3 coffee cost last time and I guess didn’t need to raise the absolute price of coffee at retail as much this time around. So I’m just trying to get a sense of any perspective on that would be helpful. Is your sense of maybe why there were some wide price gaps than maybe you had anticipated in the quarter in coffee, do you think just purely based on where certain folks were hedged versus you and as opposed to there being anything more structural.
Mark T. Smucker : The first thing I would say is if you do rewind the clock back to those higher Arabica costs, from May 2010 to May 2011 we took - that’s a 13 month period, we took four price increases in that period and they were much closer in succession. In this particular case, in the quarter, it is true of course, we did take a price increase but because we felt that we had to honor some of our promotional commitments in the first quarter we continued to basically investment spend on some of our promotions to protect those promotions with our customers. So, lift price aside, when you look at how our promo prices moved going into August and September, that significant jump was somewhat unique to what we’ve done in the past and so the consumer did sort of experience some sticker shock and I think that if there is somewhat of a silver lining in this it is that not a fundamental change in the category, we do feel that many of our loyal consumers took pause, chose not to purchase, in most cases chose not to switch to other brands, and so that we do feel as we get into the back half we should see some of those loyal consumers come back into the mainstream segment. The second part of your question was do we think our competitors may have been in a better position, obviously we don’t know specifically what their positions are although we have a pretty good idea of what type of hedge they have taken and in some cases we believe a competitor could have been in a better place. But you know by now, all of that has probably washed its way through most of the systems so I think if not now very shortly we’ll probably all be in a similar position.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman : I guess coffee is the question of the day but can you just talk about the shortfall in the quarter and maybe is it possible to break it down in terms of -- at least in terms of Folgers, but maybe more broadly on the segment, how much was due to elasticity, how much do you think was due to competition, and was there I guess some kind of trade loading and did that have an impact? Kind of where are your inventories now? Then I’ll follow up.
Mark R. Belgya : I’ll start with the last one, the trade loading and customer inventories was not material and so as a factor we view that there may have been some puts and takes but overall not material. Again, it really was delayed consumer purchase in the segment that was the vast majority of the volume decline. To a much lesser degree there was some competitive switching, but as you can probably see from the share data where there was switching it went mostly to store brands and really insignificant amount of switching going into the single serve category.
Eric Katzman : Vince, I think in your prepared remarks you mentioned something along the lines of seeing potentially increased competition in the premium segment. Can you talk a little bit more about that? What are you seeing, why are you saying that?
Vincent C. Byrd : Well, I think you’re well aware that our main competitor has entered into a relationship with a national food service operator and will be launching their brand or have launched their brand in both premium and again, that would be the bagged segment as well as in the K-Cups segment. There was a small test done earlier this year and we’re anticipating a national launch of that as we speak. Given their typical pricing strategy we anticipate there will be heightened level of competition.
Eric Katzman : Then just last one to Richard, just a broader question, during your tenure as CEO you’ve created a tremendous amount of value mostly through using reverse Morris Trust with Proctor and the various deals. Your scale now is at a point where it’s probably a little bit more difficult to do that and so do you see the M&A environment as a little more conducive? Have asks, bid asks spreads narrowed a bit and does the fact that you’re more likely to use a debt finance transaction, do you see that as maybe less compelling than an RMT or equal? How do we think about that?
Richard K. Smucker : That’s a good question and two things, it will be a little bit more difficult to do an RMT today the transaction value would roughly have to be about a $10 billion transaction. There aren’t a lot of those out there. I wouldn’t say never, but we have a great balance sheet and we’re not afraid to use it for the right transaction so even though some of the prices are high out there right now in the M&A area, we do think there are some opportunities so we’re still on the hunt.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason English - Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: I apologize if I missed this in prepared remarks, but can you comment on what you expect your marketing budget to increase or to decrease for the year?
Mark R. Belgya : We said that for the year originally we were going to be up about 5% and as we look at the back half we think that the spend will basically be flat with last year. So we took roughly a $60 million marketing reduction from where we thought we would be in the first half and we’ll be about flat to prior year in the back half.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: That brings us to around down 6% versus coming in up 5%. Last year you came into the year looking for a 10% increase and it came in down 1% so this leads to really my real question of are we just deferring some expenses into the out years by cutting marketing, probably keeping incentive compensation subdued. Clearly, we have some problems this year, we do have an expense problem leading into next year?
Mark R. Belgya : I think in my prepared comments, we tried to address the reduction. I think when you look at marketing to the outset when you talk about marketing the natural reaction is we’re cutting advertising and I think we feel comfortable with what we have done to date on the advertising support across the brand. There’s obviously a multitude of things that go into the marketing expenditure category so to some degree yes, we are deferring a little bit but we feel those are clearly discretionary spends that will not have a long term impact on the quality and the equity of the brands. Each team looks within their spend, but again I feel pretty confident that whether it’s digital or any support for the major brands. Baking, we’ve done obviously, fall bake is in place, we feel pretty good about what we have out there and don’t feel that we’ve been overly negatively impacted by the reductions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Goldman - JP Morgan.
Ken Goldman: Just a quick question for Mark Smucker first and then I have a second one. I thought your answer to Andrew Lazar’s question was helpful, I just wanted to ask a follow up. As you think about maybe coming off some of those promotional commitments, ripping that Band-Aid off a little bit more quicker than usual, can you talk about why that took place, what learnings you had from it going forward because Smuckers has always been, in my view, very smart about pricing so I was a bit surprised to hear you may have come off deals in this environment a bit more quickly or meaningfully than usual.
Mark R. Belgya : Yes, I think we did learn something. I think we learned that we wouldn’t rip the Band-Aid off this quickly again in the future, and quite frankly, as we went into the first quarter we felt that our outlook for the remainder of the year allowed us to continue to honor those commitments. But clearly, we do feel it was a bit of a misstep when the consumer went to the shelf and their last can of Folgers was at $6.99 and now they’re saying, “Wow, it’s $8.99? Maybe I’m going to hold off for a couple of months. I think I can make this last can work and I’ll come back and check again in a month or so.” We truly believe that’s what’s going on in the marketplace.
Ken Goldman: Just a general question I guess for anyone who wants to answer, it’s been over a year now that packaged food companies in general have been pointing to reduced promo efficiency as a driver here of top line disappointments. So, I’m just curious from your point of view what is the food industry need to do in general to stop the bleeding? We’ve heard about some of the issues, I guess the lack of attractive display space, but how does the problem ultimately get fixed do you think?
Vincent C. Byrd : I’ll try to answer your question. I think as Richard noted in his comments, we’re basically dealing with a flat industry and as we - if you’re growing, if you’re not going through innovation, you’re taking share of market from your competitors, there tends to be a lot of trade money in the system today and I think we’re all finding that we’re not getting the lifts that we did historically. In our case, because of coffee prices being higher, we naturally know we’re not going to get as high as a lift as we would at a lower price point, but as Mark has indicated a couple of times, they were even below our expectations. I think ultimately it’s going to be a return of the economy that’s going to need to improve so we can get back on track. Having said that, innovation is very, very key to all manufacturers and retailers and we continue to focus in that arena.
Richard K. Smucker : I would support Vince’s comment on innovation because the more and more we look at products that are really are true value to the consumer, we can price for those. Uncrustables are one of them, an outstanding one, it’s grown double digit so we really see that that’s a great area. So we’ve been looking for more and more innovation that really is true innovation and not just another me too.
Operator: Your next question comes from Akshay Jagdale - Keybanc Capital Markets.
Akshay Jagdale: Just on coffee, how much was the volume off by relative to your expectations?
Mark T. Smucker : I mean, we would have expected it to be at least in line with our prior year so it was off significantly.
Akshay Jagdale: If consumers are just sort of pausing, that would imply that at some point they’ll come back and you’ll get this volume back, so is that factored into your back half guidance or not?
Mark T. Smucker : It is and we have factored in some recovery as was in the scripted comments. We won’t get back to prior year levels. There’s a couple of factors I could speak to, typically in the mainstream segment given the size of the containers and so forth, the purchase cycle is roughly about three months. Then as it relates to promotional effectiveness, typically when you see two or three promotional cycles pass, typically the market tends to adjust to new pricing and so as we get into the back half of the year, we would expect for some of those things to lapse and that’s driving whey we believe consumers will come back into the segment.
Akshay Jagdale: Then just on single serve, can you talk about what drove the volume growth in that business? I mean, sequentially clearly an acceleration in sort of the growth - you haven’t seen double digit growth now in a bit, so can you talk about what drove the growth and then just more broadly what’s your read of the 2.0 launch and sort of the category resets that have happened, how do you see the dynamics from here?
Mark T. Smucker : Let me take your first one first. So in our K-Cup business, the Folgers brand did very well, we actually grew the Folger’s brand in line with the category growth. We think that our marketing activities, as well as our pricing activities were right, and that really helped. And then also, very much helped by the launch of new items. In that would be some new Folgers items, as well as our Café Bustelo brand as well, which is also new in the marketplace so all of that helped on K-Cup. As for the 2.0, it’s still very early as you know, it’s going to probably take − I think we’ve talked last time 18 months to two years, until those brewers are seeded sufficiently in the marketplace. We’re still optimistic about the consumer benefits that the 2.0 Brewer provides and clearly our partner in that space has signed up a lot of new partners, and so we think that’s going to help the system as well. So, there has been some settling out in the category itself. I think one thing we can point to is that there are a few customers that are still trying to figure out the right mix between roast and ground and K-Cup, and our actual roast and ground business may benefit a little bit going forward, as the customers reconfigure their coffee sets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe : I had just one coffee follow up and then one kind of the bigger picture question, if I could. So on the coffee side, you’ve indicated that there will be an imbalance between pricing and cost, I think there was here in the quarter and I think you said that for the second half of the year. I’m just curious is that due to any adjustments you’re making in promotional spending? Is it that you do require to take more pricing, but you’re not going to do it because of the elasticity? I’m just trying to understand that imbalance that you expect for the remainder of the year.
Mark T. Smucker : There’s a few factors, the first is volume. As we said we don’t expect volume to get quite back to our prior-year levels, and that is clearly going to have an impact on our profit dollars. There may be some additional promotional spend that we’re looking at, but we’re trying to be laser focused, and very disciplined in how and when we execute promotions in light of obviously, the recent results. But, we do feel overall our pricing is right, versus our costs and is right going forward versus competition. Then the only other factor that we’ve spoken to previously which is less of a factor, is that we have seen some margin compression on K-Cups, and that will continue through the back-half of the year.
Christopher Growe : Then just maybe an overall question on sales growth, it being down 4% year-to-date, obviously requires a stronger second half performance to get to your -1% for the year. I’m just curious, in relation to that with the peanut butter price decline in place right now, is it mostly all contingent on the performance in coffee, the better let’s call it balance if you will, in between pricing and volume in that category, that will dictate the ability to meet the full year guidance?
Mark R. Belgya : Yes, I think that’s right. I think the factor will be coffee. We’re gaining on it on price, because we are going to recognize the year-over-year price increase on coffee, and that will more than offset the effect of the peanut butter pricing, and then we’ll also have a favorable mix that will come into play. So any shortfall, or quite candidly any gain over that estimate, year-over-year increase, would probably lie in the volume of coffee.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.
Alexia Howard: So two quick questions, the share repurchase increase, can you make some comment about what motivated the need to [indiscernible] share purchases? Does it mean that it’s less likely perhaps that you’ll find a larger scale deal out there? Also, can confirm whether those incremental share repurchases are embedded in the guidance for this year? Then my follow up question is simply around the food service coffee business, that exit seems to be − or the impact of that exit seems to be dragging along, when do you expect that effect to be behind you?
Mark R. Belgya : Just a couple comments on share repurchase and the additional authorization by the board. I don’t think I would read anything that it’s trying to drive either more or less opportunity in M&A. It’s not totally uncommon for us to have anywhere between five and 10 million shares authorized. We do typically tend to be more around five million, so some of it is just in the ease that we can go into the market, and not have to worry about running short on the authorizations, so I wouldn’t read anymore into that. In terms of what’s included in the guidance obviously, we have fairly significant guidance range. I think as we made in the comments that it does assume the $102 million, which is our current amount. If we were to go into the market, as you know, just because of the nature of the waiting, it would not have a material impact on the rest of the fiscal years, but clearly if we did, it would push it north of the bottom part of the range and again, obviously it would affect quarter - end quarter, but not have a major impact on the full year because of the waiting.
Steven Oakland : I can comment on Sarah Lee. If you remember in our third quarter last year, the largest food-service distributor in the country was a Sarah Lee customer, private label customer, and it took them a long time to replace Sara Lee as a national vendor and so, that business, we agreed to help them get into January and that business dribbled into the third quarter. But, I can tell you the amount of effort for the team, yes the exits are still lapping in the financials, but not in the effort. That team now has integration well behind them, and is focusing on optimizing that business and has seen a significant improvement in quality, in margin, in the roast and ground, and the liquid items that we have in the portfolio. I think that bodes well for the future of our food service away from home, liquid business, and roast and ground business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research.
Jonathan Feeney: A couple questions on coffee. The first is, the economic environment interplay, you mentioned this a little bit in the preamble about − and even in answer to a question about hoping a better economic environment will make things better for packaged food broadly. It stands out to me that it was a much tougher economic environment in those four stage significant price increases took in the 2011 and early ‘12 timeframe. If you could just first maybe contrast what happened this time, what’s been happening this time with this price increase versus back then when it was pretty clearly a worse economic environment, and maybe − since you had some different outcomes, what would make you think that that gets better with a better economy going forward? It didn’t really help that much year-over-year, maybe it did at the category level. The second question I had was, you made the comment a couple times that you don’t think that the coffee category has fundamentally changed. In a given quarter, I’m sure that’s right, but you’ve seen over the past four years this single serve coffee phenomena go from nonexistent to over a third of the category sales now and I wonder what would be signs that the category has changed? When you make that statement, is it household studies that you’ve done, is it focus groups with consumers, is it conversations with retailers, what makes you say that the category hasn’t changed in a way that permanently sort of hurts roast and ground coffee, and that it declines from here?
Mark T. Smucker : The first part of your question, just going back three years, if you recall again as we did see volume impacted significantly, but it was over several quarters, it was over three or four quarters as opposed to over a single quarter. So, if you do rewind the clock back to 2011 or so, we did so we see those significant volume declines. Since then, when our growth restarted, in total our coffee business in the last 10 quarters has grown in every of those 10 except for this last one, so the 10th one we were down. As it relates to the category as a whole, you’re right, it has evolved significantly, there’s absolutely no question. Single serve has brought over two billion new dollars into the category in terms of the spend and so we’ve seen, if you will, the bedrock of the category, the roast and ground, has remained relatively strong. We’ve talked in other calls about the mainstream segments, and the roast and ground total declining overall in very modest terms, low single digits, and that has come true and so, there’s no question that the category has changed significantly, but we do still believe that roast and ground serves as a bedrock and K-Cup and single serve really has brought a lot of new dollars into the category.
Richard K. Smucker : We participate in all of those. We participated in each of the areas of growth, and the mainstream still stays very, as we’ve said, the bedrock still very relevant.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: I just wanted to end with a peanut butter question. Did you consider holding price on peanut butter? This category tends to be pretty inelastic. I guess I was a little surprised to see a 7% price cut in reaction to lower peanut costs. Was that part of the plan all along, or did you consider maybe keeping prices a little higher?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff : Good question, and we look at the peanut butter price decline that we took into effect, I think the first thing we always do is make sure that we’re passing along the lower commodity costs to our customers and then to the consumer. We felt that was prudent to do in the case of Jif. I think when you think about the Jif sales versus some of our other brands, a significant majority of the Jif sales are sold at everyday prices and with the cost situation we were in, we were having to do more discounting and promotional promotions which isn’t typically what we like to do. So we felt by passing along the price decline to the consumers it really achieved the two objectives of getting the right cost on shelf and also reducing our need to do deeper promotional pricing.
Robert Moskow: So it wasn’t part of the original plan for the year but you came to that conclusion?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff : No, we figured that we were going to be taking a price decline this year.
Robert Moskow: Oh, you did?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff : Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC.
John Baumgartner: Paul, I just wanted to come back to peanut butter pricing here and just in the context of a weak category in the volume sense and then consumer weakness, how confident are you that promo or price cuts won’t end up deeper in the back half than maybe you think and if they do is that embedded in your updated guidance?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff : First off I’d say the first comment about the weaker category, it’s actually a strong category, it’s been growing and it’s up, and it’s really taking advantage of the consumer trend of looking for lower cost protein which peanut butter is about the lowest cost protein out there. So, we feel we’re right on trend with the consumers and that category actually volume wise is down pretty well. So again, we are confident in the back half of the year and we feel it will continue to grow.
John Baumgartner: Just a follow up in terms of bigger picture strategic questions about coffee. I mean, you’ve been there for about six years now, you have a nice business through some M&A over the years, but in terms of how the business has evolved, the food service profits haven’t really evolved as you had expected, K-Cups growth has slowed, as you mentioned, roast and ground still primarily a pass through business sand you’ve also referenced McCafe coming in, in January impacting the Dunkin bag business going forward. So, as you step back and look at your categories could you address maybe whether the landscape has kind of changed competitively versus a few years ago when you came into the category and maybe does that leave you to think more about doing something more transformative in terms of adding on business, or more growth, or just more stable in terms of cash generation?
Vincent C. Byrd : Let me take a step back and we can talk about the history of the category and then maybe Richard can talk about how we think about other categories going forward. First of all, I would submit that it’s been a tremendous success that we have added to the company. If you think about when we acquired it, at that time K-Cups or single serve was virtually unknown although it was beginning. The primary driver at that time was the premium or bag coffee segment and at the time the relationship was entered into by the two parties, it was anticipated that would be about a $50 million business and it’s now a $350 million business. Secondly, it wasn’t too long into owning that business, we knew we need to look at our supply chain and our teams did a tremendous job of quite frankly rationalizing our facilities and getting into a strong footprint, primarily within the New Orleans area. Thirdly, we knew that this single serve area was evolving and you had three or four players and quite frankly, all the major players in the coffee category were not successful at that time and you had the emergence of Green Mountain and we quickly aligned with them and we were the first national brand to be part of that system. Then when the Sarah Lee food service opportunity came up, we felt that was a technology and a capability that we would like to have in our arsenal being the liquid coffee technology. But, as stated, and as Steve has mentioned, it was probably a little more challenged than what we thought, but it gets back to our overall premise of waning to compete in all forms and segments and up until this quarter we’ve been successful in growing the segment profit year-on-year. I guess I’ll stop there with the little bit of historical perspective.
Richard K. Smucker : I’ll add two things to that, one to Vince’s comments, we really like the coffee categories. It’s one of the only categories that has actually grown in dollars and a lot has to do with K-Cups by $2 billion. It’s gone from, I don’t know, a $6 billion category to over an $8 billion category and we’ve been able to participate in that. There’s almost no other food category in certainly the mainstream sections that have grown that much by adding innovation. Now, would we have liked to have created the K-Cup category? Well sure, but we participate in it and we’re great partners with Green Mountain. But on acquisitions, let me speak to that for just a minute. We look at acquisitions in three areas, enabling acquisitions, we’ve done two there and those are things that just get us into new categories or new areas which is Enray and Sahale, so it’s helped us in the snacking area and the [indiscernible] which is Enray foods. On bolt ons we did Café Bustelo, which was a great acquisition for the coffee category. Then the strategic acquisitions, obviously, the Jif, Crisco, and the Folgers are strategic and we still see a couple of real opportunities in the strategic side to get some - basically, as you commented to get us into another area in the food business that would be very important for us. So, we’re still looking at those and still think there’s a couple of good opportunities out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.
Farha Aslam : You guys highlighted that innovation is going to be critical for Smuckers going into drive future growth and that you’re looking for more differentiated and transformative innovation. Could you go through your portfolio and highlight to us where your team is working and kind of the initiatives and the timing of those initiatives?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff : I’ll go through my area and then turn it over to Mark or Steve. But, I think when you start with peanut butter we’re looking at again, the protein trends that I spoke to earlier and we’re in the snacking area so our Jif To-go Dippers, our Jif To-go products have done very well and we continue to push out new items there and there are some other areas that we won’t speak to on peanut butter that we think there’s some great opportunity with. On crustables we continue to really drive that business, in fact, we sell about $300 million peanut butter and jelly sandwiches a year and that’s growing at double digit rates and we think there’s some opportunity to continue to push out on some new innovation in that category. On the fruit spread side, we’ve launched our fruitfuls which is 100% fruit in a pouch which is really on trend with the pouch type packaging that’s out in the marketplace as we speak. There’s no sugar added and all the other ingredients are natural, etc. That continues to do well and we have some other items coming out in that front. On the baking side, we talked about we have a lot of new innovation coming out with our seasonals and some of the [indiscernible] that we’ve spoken to previously and so I think from the consumer food side and then Sahale with the new acquisition, again that’s right on trend with the protein and snacking. We think there’s great new not only distribution opportunity and gain for that product line but also for some new product opportunities and concepts we have that’ll be coming out here over the next 12 to 18 months.
Mark T. Smucker : In the coffee area, as you know, we’ve done a nice job of just on an annual basis with new products. There are some bigger ideas that we’ve been working on behind the scenes that I’m just not able to share at this point but hopefully in the next year or two we’ll be able to bring to market some things that everyone, including the consumer most importantly, will find interesting.
Steven Oakland : I think if you look across our [indiscernible] businesses, the Canadian business has innovated in the baking category with Nutra Flours and a number of new items. In our natural foods business the opportunity to take Ancient Grains to both main stream and natural retailers and then Sprouted Grains, I think the next wave of that has yet to really hit the mainstream which is the benefits of sprouting and from a convenience standpoint and a health standpoint, etc. So the Enray acquisition brought us sprouting technology as well that’s really knew. Then in Santa Cruz we’ve got a number of new items whether they be nut butters, or apple sauces, or those things that are getting tremendous acceptance across both mainstream and natural foods.
Richard K. Smucker : I might just comment that historically we’ve looked to grow our growth 1% of the growth if we’re going to go 5%, 20% of that would come from new products. We’ve upped that to 2% and we’re actually over delivering on that but we just [indiscernible] last year because our success rates been pretty good. The other thing is our success rate is good in the sense when we introduce a new product most of those stay in the marketplace. We have a few failures, because we know you’re going to have that but most of ours have been successful and stayed on shelf.
Mark T. Smucker : I was remiss in not mentioning one thing, we’ve been so focused on our roast and ground business obviously for the last several weeks that I think I need to do justice to the team. Our team has done a fantastic job not only dealing with the current situation but continuing to focus on the new products we do have out in the marketplace and I should mention our liquid items. We’ve recently come out with a flavor enhancers under the Folger’s brand for coffee, basically flavoring and sweetener in a liquid form, in a very small liquid container. In the next couple of months you’ll be seeing an ice coffee execution in the same type of container and we think those are great new products and they are gaining some relevancy with our millennial consumers so I should have mentioned that earlier.
Farha Aslam : Then just as a follow up, regarding the promotions the center of the store is very promotional. Have you reassessed how Smuckers goes to market, manages promotions, and thinks about promotions within the mix given that the economy may be improving but it might be a sluggish recovery?
Vincent C. Byrd : I would say we’re evaluating it daily. I mean, honestly we, like most CPG companies have a very sophisticated trade marketing group and we evaluate pre and post every promotion, major promotion that we do and I think you do see changing tactics not only by our competitors but by ourselves. I mean, it is a daily activity that that group is working on.
Farha Aslam: Perhaps some learnings as to how you’re going to market differently as a result of those learnings?
Vincent C. Byrd : I guess I really don’t have anything to add in terms of how we go to market differently. You know, we work with our major retailers and joint business planning out as far as they want to plan. But I really can’t say that there’s been any major change in our go-to-market. Now again, Mark and Paul has spoken to price point things that we’ve looked at from time-to-time but we would consider those to be routine activities we would do every day.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll - Citigroup.
David Driscoll: I realize the time and I do appreciate the follow ups, a couple of questions here, on coffee the Maxwell container was downsized I believe, in 2012. That represented a difference from the 2011 period when we had the $3 green coffee cost. Do you think that’s a significant issue here on the promoted price points when you talk about this - I think you said $2 on the increase in the promoted price points? Is this Maxwell lower can size exacerbating the shelf perception from consumers?
Mark T. Smucker : Basically, I would say that since Maxwell House downsized I would point to our share gains and we actually performed extremely well despite the variance between the competitor and our net weight in the cans. I think time has proven out that we can perform. Given the current environment will we continue to evaluate? Absolutely. So, there’s nothing new that I can share with you at this point, but it’s certainly something that is top of mind and as we have hiccups like this one, we certainly will go back and reconsider.
Vincent C. Byrd : I think the answer is yes to your question. We haven’t quantified it but, yes you can’t ignore the fact that that pricing gap, half of that was probably driven by the size and so I guess very specifically it probably did have an impact.
David Driscoll: McDonalds and this [craft] launch, I find it fascinating that McDonalds has franchise, they are going to go with K-Cups in grocery stores. Is there any movement on this Dunkin K-Cup issue? I mean, frankly I just ask the question where are these people?
Vincent C. Byrd : There’s nothing to report, we continue to have a great relationship with Dunkin and Green Mountain and we continue to work the issue. But, nothing to report.
David Driscoll: The final thing for me and I’ll end it, things go wrong it’s part of life, but in your judgment guys, do you think the team reacted fast enough to this decline in the Folger’s volumes? If not, what can you do to speed your reaction to such a dramatic decline in volumes?
Richard K. Smucker : There were learnings from the way we handled our pricing increase this time especially on the promotional side and Mark said that earlier, and we’ve learned from that. When you go to the marketplace, you can’t turn that around in one month or two months, it takes a couple of quarters to do that because you have prices out there in the marketplace but we had some learnings and we’re adjusting because of that and I think you’ll see that in the back half of the year.
Vincent C. Byrd : It truly did occur in the back half of the quarter and so it would have been very difficult to respond to anything given what we were seeing in October.
Operator: There appears to be no further questions at this time. I’d like to turn the conference back to Richard Smucker for any additional or closing remarks.
Richard K. Smucker : I just want to say thank you for your interest in this company and for being on the call and asking all the intelligent questions and I’m sure we’ll have some follow up answers later today for individuals that call in. Thank you very much.
Operator: If you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call you may do so by dialing 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 with a passcode of 5860677. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating. Have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-08-20 20:30:00) =====
Executives: Aaron Broholm - Director, Investor Relations  Richard Smucker - CEO Vince Byrd - President and COO Mark Belgya - CFO Mark Smucker - President, US Retail Coffee Paul Smucker Wagstaff - President, US Retail Consumer Foods Steve Oakland - President, International Foodservice and Natural Foods 
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Chris Growe - Stifel David Driscoll - Citi Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Farha Aslam - Stephens Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Market John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Jason English - Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company's First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode.  At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for question and answers after the presentation. Please limit yourself to two initial questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you then additional questions.    I will now turn the conference over to Aaron Broholm, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.  
Aaron Broholm: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. Here with me on the call are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; Vince Byrd, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer; Mark Smucker, President, US Retail Coffee; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President - US Retail Consumer Foods.   Steve Oakland, President International Foodservice and Natural Foods is also on the line from another location. Our prepared comments this morning will be organized as follows. Richard will begin with an overview of our first quarter performance, Vince will then provide an update on our business segments and Mark will close with additional comments on our financial results for the quarter and our outlook for the year.   During this conference call we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties.   I encourage you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning forward-looking statements. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our corporate website at jmsmucker.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the website.   If you have any follow-up questions after today’s call please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Smucker: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. With a record quarter of non-GAAP earnings per share we are pleased with the start of our fiscal year. I will begin with a few highlights for the quarter. First, volume gains were achieved across a number of our major US retail brands and categories. In our Coffee segment, volume was up 2% driven by the performance of our Folgers, Café Bustelo and Dunkin’ Donuts brands. Low price realization resulted in the decline in net sales for this segment and for the company.  Within Consumer Foods volume gains were realized in several key categories including Jif peanut butter, Smucker’s fruit spreads and Crisco oils. Total volumes for the entire segment was in line with the prior year. As anticipated, volume declined in our International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segments reflecting the prior year plan business rationalizations, which will be fully lapped by the end of the calendar year. Second, as anticipated, significant improvement in Consumer Food segment profit primarily due to peanut butter drove operating income growth for the company. Lastly, this combined with lower interest expense and fewer shares outstanding, resulted in non-GAAP earnings per share increasing 11% to $1.34. We are encouraged by these results, in light of the challenging economic environment that persists. As we look ahead to the holiday period and the balance of fiscal 2015, we are optimistic in delivering another year of earnings per share growth.  This is supported by our ability to manage our price to cost relationships, the expected contribution from innovation and new products, our strong marketing and merchandising plans, our ongoing investments to optimize our supply chain and the strategic deployment of our cash flow. Let me briefly comment on our recent announcement regarding our agreement to acquire the Sahale snack business. This is an exciting enabling acquisition that adds a portfolio of innovative and on trend premium nut and fruit snacks. With the growing snacking trend, Sahale provides a new platform for growth complementing our recent innovation efforts within our consumer foods business, where we have introduced several new snacking items such as the Jif To Go dippers. We look forward to completing the acquisition next month and welcoming the Sahale employees to The Smucker Company.  Also supported by a strong balance sheet, we believe we are well-positioned to continue adding attractive brands and businesses to our portfolio. In closing, we feel good about the start of the fiscal year and are encouraged to be moving beyond certain headwinds that we have spoken to you over the past few quarters, as we continue to show progress across our businesses. We firmly believe with our commitment to our strategy, the strength of our leading brands, and our team’s ability to adapt and execute we remain well-positioned for long-term growth. With that I turn the call over to Vince.
Vince Byrd: Thank you Richard and good morning everyone. We are pleased with our first quarter results and these reflect solid volume performance across a number of our major brands, supported by pricing actions and the contribution from innovation. Also during the quarter, we began to lap some of our recent headwinds. Turning to the three business segments, in US Retail Coffee we achieved a 9th consecutive quarter of year-over-year volume growth, reflecting gains in each of our largest coffee brands. Volume growth in mainstream roast and ground coffee led to the Folgers brand being up 2% for the quarter on top of a 4% increase last year. Folger’s Gourmet Selections K-Cup also realized solid volume gains. Dunkin’ Donuts coffee continued its momentum with volume up 3% against a strong 6% prior year comp. In addition the Cafe Bustelo brand had strong volume growth with double-digit percentage gain. The introduction of Cafe Bustelo brand at K-Cups added to these results. During the quarter, Coffee segment net sales were impacted by lower net price realization. While we announced a 9% list price increase on the majority of our portfolio in June, pricing on committed promotional programs along with continued price investment to remain competitive on shelf temporarily delayed the impact. We expect full reflection of the price increase in the second quarter. Coffee segment profit was 4% below the prior years’ first quarter. In addition to comparing to a strong prior year results, other factors affecting comparability included a more favorable price to cost ratio in last year’s first quarter and lower K-Cup profitability as previewed on our year-end call. As a reminder, we anticipated K-Cup margins to be compressed in fiscal 2015. We are encouraged by the initial contributions from new products and new distribution channels and our K-Cup business is on track to deliver our profitability expectations for the full-year. Also during the quarter we made the decision to discontinue the Life is good coffee brand. This resulted in a small charge to segment profit. Shifting to the Consumer Food segment overall volume was in line with a strong first quarter in the prior year. Gains in several key brands and categories were offset by declines in lower margin baking mixes and flour. Looking at the performance within the spreads categories volume with the Jif brand was up 4% on top of an 8% increase last year. This result reflects a balance of price, brand support and innovation. Smucker’s fruit spread volume grew 2% behind gains in traditional varieties as well as continued growth of our natural fruit spreads. Also within the brand, we remain pleased with the initial performance of Smucker’s Fruit-Fulls. Lastly, Smucker’s Uncrustables frozen sandwich achieved double-digit volume growth in retail for the 10th consecutive quarter. The completion of our Scottsville manufacturing expansion provides the needed capacity to support our growth initiative for this product line. Our overall PB&J business is in the midst of the back-to-school promotional season. We are encouraged by the merchandising plans we have in place and the initial consumer takeaway that will ultimately be the key to our performance for the period. In the bake aisle, the Crisco brand continued its momentum with another quarter of strong volume growth. As soybean oil futures have declined to five-year lows, we have reflected lower cost in our pricing impacting net sales. The primary soft spot in the Consumer Foods during the quarter was the Pillsbury brand. This reflects declines in the overall category and increased competitive activities primarily on flour and base cake items.  As we enter the Fall Bake period, we continue to focus our efforts on frostings and other higher margin products. We are also encouraged by the new Pillsbury items to be launched and another solidly year of holiday merchandising plans. Segment profit was up 19% over the prior year. As expected, much of the increase was driven by improvements in peanut butter profitability. Prior year segment profit was negatively impacted by peanut butter price declines that were taken in advance of recognizing lower peanut cost. For the full-year, we expect peanut butter margins to now be more in line with historical average of the past several years. Lastly within this segment, as Richard mentioned, we are excited about the acquisition of Sahale Snacks and look forward to the contributions of Sahale towards growing our overall Consumer Foods business. In International Food Services and Natural Foods much out of the first quarter segment profit decline was expected primarily attributed to factors we discussed on our year-end call including the weaker Canadian dollar, as compared to a year ago and a higher grade on trade spent in Food Service coffee which will continue to impact our year-over-year comparisons until fully left beginning in the third quarter. Our focus remains on growing the overall segment and we are encouraged by recent accomplishments including market share gains across most of our categories in Canada driven by innovation and merchandizing; within Food Service the ongoing conversion of our customers to our Folger’s branded liquid coffee offering. In Natural Foods, our integrated sales organization is driving expanded distribution opportunities for the truRoots brand, and lastly our partner in China Seamild continues to grow and positively contributed to our first quarter results. Overall for this segment we remain optimistic about achieving full-year sales and segment profit growth in 2015. In summary we are encouraged by the start to our fiscal year considering the current industry dynamics and we look forward to executing on our back-to-school and holiday programs. We have a great team of passionate employees and as always we thank them for their efforts. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Vince, and good morning everyone. I will start by providing additional color on our first quarter results and then conclude with our outlook for the full-year. Net sales decreased $27 million or 2% in the quarter reflecting a 3% reduction in net price realization primarily attributable to the coffee segment. The impact of lower volumes mostly resulting from declines in baking and business exits was essentially offset by the contribution from acquisitions. And finally mix added one percentage point of growth. GAAP earnings per share were $1.14 this quarter down from $1.19 in the first quarter of last year. Included in this year’s GAAP earnings were $21 million of unallocated derivative losses compared to a gain of 5 million in the prior year. The current-year loss reflected change in election effective this quarter to no longer qualify commodity and foreign currency exchange derivatives for hedge accounting treatment. Derivative gains and losses are now recognized immediately in earnings which may result in increased volatility in GAAP results going forward. In conjunction, we’ve revised our definition of segment profit and non-GAAP earnings to exclude these unallocated derivative gains and losses until the related inventory is sold. Our Form 8-K was filed in July to recap segment profit and non-GAAP earnings for prior years to exclude previously disclosed unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on derivative contracts. Excluding hedging gains and losses and other special project costs that are defined in our press release, non-GAAP EPS increased 11%, primarily attributable to three factors. First, gross profit drove an overall increase in operating income. Gross profit increased $11 million or 2% reflecting lower commodity costs which were only partially offset by pricing. Favorable mix also contributed. This resulted in gross margin improving to 37.8%, an increase of 150 basis points over the prior year. Partially offsetting this was higher SD&A driven by an increase in selling expenses primarily due to incremental expenses associated with last year’s acquisitions and a charge related to the discontinuation of the Life is good coffee brand. Second, lower interest expenses contributed to EPS growth reflecting the interest rate swap entered into during the prior year. The year-over-year benefit of the swap will be lapped as we proceed through the second quarter. And third, a decrease in the number of average shares outstanding resulting from last years share repurchase activity. Turning to cash flow, cash used for operating activities was $8 million in the first quarter compared to a source of cash of $82 million in the prior year. This decline is primarily attributable to a greater current-year use of cash for working capital needs reflecting higher green coffee cost and ending inventory as well as certain timing factors. Adding capital expenditures of $49 million for the quarter, free cash flow was 57 million negative. We continue to project capital expenditures of 240 million for fiscal 2015 reflecting an expected ramp up in spending for the last nine months of the year. With no changes in our earnings guidance or CapEx from original estimates, we are not adjusting our free cash flow target of $625 million to $635 million. That said, we are currently tracking above working capital levels necessary to achieve this goal. We will see a reduction in working capital from current levels as we move through the holiday period and plan to provide an update to our estimate following the second quarter. We ended the first quarter with short-term borrowings of $470 million against our $1.5 billion credit facility. With the upcoming closing of the $80 million Sahale acquisition and seasonal working capital needs, we expect short-term borrowings to peak near $700 million in the second quarter and then decline during the remainder of the year. As noted in a Form 8-K filed earlier this month, we entered into a $1 billion commercial paper program allowing us to take advantage of favorable interest rates and providing additional flexibility to meet our short-term borrowing needs. We are now in the market improving our existing [revolver] borrowings to commercial paper Considering the higher than anticipated levels of short-term borrowings yet at a more favorable interest rate resulting from the CP program, we continue to expect net interest expense in the range of $65 million to $70 million for the full-year. This range reflects our current projections and outlooks for short-term borrowings and interest rates. Let me conclude with a sales and EPS outlook. We now anticipate 2015 net sales will increase at a rate slightly less than the 5% guidance provided on a year-end call. Despite this modest decline we are maintaining our non-GAAP earnings per share range of $5.95 to $6.05. Sales of approximately $25 million associated with the Sahale acquisitions are included within a revived guidance. As we invest in the business to support distribution growth we do not expect material bottom-line contributions from this acquisition in the near-term. And with that will open up the calls to your questions. Operator could you please queue up for the first question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein. Please state your question ma’am.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: I wanted to ask about the outlook for Coffee profit from here. You’ve obviously seen a rebound in the profit from the peanut butter side. Coffee, the cost have been rising it sounded as though last quarter you might have been expecting a little bit more of a bump in coffee profits from the decline (inaudible) time. [Inaudible] list price increases kicking in the next quarter how does the outlook look from here. Thank you.
Mark Belgya: Alexia, this is Mark Belgya. I guess it is a little hard to hear your question quite candidly, it was breaking up a bit. But I think what we would say generally across our businesses as opposed to getting into specifics of any three, you’ll recall at the end of the year we said that we expected our segment profits to be up in all three of our segments.  I think that’s still a fair comment despite you know where coffee came in. I think what I would say is that we expect overall to be up consistently in total because obviously we’re not adjusting guidance. I think the mix between the three segments may be a little bit different than what we expected out of the gate.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: And then can I ask about share repurchases versus acquisitions going forward in usage of cash. Thank you.
Mark Belgya: Sure. I think just to restate our order of preference of spending our cash, we have our general umbrella statement of 50% shareholders, 50% for the business which we have held true to. M&A and finding the right strategic investment is clearly the number one use of cash and as we made a small acquisition and will be here in the next quarter would be our number one use.  But I think we have demonstrated that if there are not opportunities we still feel that buying back shares is a good use of our cash. Again just to remind everyone we sort of set a general guideline of a couple of percentage points of outstanding shares which is about 2 million shares currently.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel. Please state your question sir.
Chris Growe - Stifel: I had two questions if I could, the first was when you talked the last quarter and you gave your outlook for fiscal ‘15 you talked a lot about some pretty aggressive new product activity across the company. I’m just curious, as you go through the different divisions, I guess the degree which that benefited the quarter, did you have a lot of these new products shipping, and I guess what sort of contribution do you expect from new products throughout the year? 
Vince Byrd: Chris, this is Vince Byrd. I would say yes we are on target to still launch well over 100 new items this year. As you know we’ve also done that over the past couple of years. I believe we actually had about $80 million of new products contribute in the first quarter that are not in the portfolio three years ago, and we can turn to the three presidents but at this point we have not changed our innovation pipeline and what we plan to introduce.
Mark Smucker: This is Mark Smucker, Chris. And Just in coffee we are very pleased with the lineup of new products that we have coming out, obviously Bustelo and K-Cup is a notable one. But we do have new products in every segment and are launching a line of Folgers flavors it’s basically coffee flavoring in a very small container that is essentially a new segment. So we are excited about what we have in the pipeline, as these things go, during this time of the fiscal year it is a little bit early because shipments have just begun, but we are optimistic.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Chris, this is Paul, just from a Consumer Food perspective if I just add on to what Mark said, on the peanut butter side and overall we are excited about the snacking opportunity obviously with Sahale, but then also with Jif dippers and new product we’ve launched on the Jif side which is doing very well out of the gate. Our seasonals and our bold frostings on Pillsbury continue to do well, we are excited about the upcoming fall bake, and in Fruit-Fulls for the Smucker brands, again that’s early launch, but we see some good results out of the gate and we are feeling comfortable that that’s going to be a great line in the future. 
Richard Smucker: Steve, do you want to comment also on your areas?
Steve Oakland: Yeah, certainly, I think similar to what Mark said on timing, many of the new items in IF&F specifically Canada are around the baking season. So those are really not impacting the business yet, we expect those to impact the business in the second and third quarters. And I think we’ll start to see the impact of Enray as we get later in the fiscal year. There’s a lot of work on new distribution and new items from Enray. So we are excited about it but the impact has yet to be felt.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Okay, that will do. It’s a great overview. Just one quick follow-up may be for Mark on pricing in coffee, and I guess there was a recent K-Cup price increase, I’m sure you can’t discuss that if you have not filed that yet. But I guess my question would be that, as you look at the K-Cup business and you have seen some more aggressive promotional spending there. Is that category likely to see a continued heightened level of promotional spending, is that what’s proper for your business to try and regain some volume that’s there in K-Cups.
Mark Smucker: Chris, this is Mark. The short answer is, yes there is increased competitive activity. From a pricing perspective I would tell you that the increased competitive activity is more around the frequency of promotions than it is around going deeper, and so I think that across the category you’re just seeing more activity. But the relative pricing between brands remains more or less in line with our expectations just from being rational. That said, you are right we can’t comment on our pricing actions, but in light of the competitive situation we certainly will evaluate it.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from David Driscoll of Citi. Please state your question sir.
David Driscoll - Citi: First question is just simply on the guidance. Did the first quarter results meet your internal forecast, and if the revenues are lowered for the full year, what’s the offset that keeps earnings unchanged?
Mark Belgya: David this is Mark Belgya. The result of the first quarter were a little below where we planned. But obviously it’s early in the year, so we’ve maintained guidance and what you’re going to see is we’re going to see some productivity gains we think through the course of the year. We are obviously looking at budgets.  There will be some marketing adjustments as well, but to that point you can imagine with 5.5% of our sales and marketing if you do the math it’s $300 million and at quarter end to the year there is some flexibility as far as addressing that without impacting the businesses too strongly. So we feel pretty confident to get that. So it’s a combination of those things that we will see flow-through over the last three quarters.
David Driscoll - Citi: My second question, this goes to IF&F, I am curious here also about the quarter and the year in terms of profitability in sales in this segment. In fiscal 2014 that segment had, I think it’s fair to characterize it as a bad year. And I thought you guys had indicated last quarter that F’15 would be much better. I think Vince said in his prepared remarks that he did expect full-year profitability to be positive, but of course that’s not true in the quarter. So can just walk us through a little bit here, you know what’s going to happen in this segment and how strong your confidence is in that profit forecast.
Mark Belgya: Steve, I’ll start and I’ll turn it over to you for some details. David your points are well taken and we still hold to what we said in my earlier comments about all three segments being up year-over-year. Candidly, last year was a tough quarter for this segment, we do expect growth. I think as Steve will elaborate certainly there were some things that happened that we are lapping and we’ll see a greater benefit of that in the back of the year, particularly around the trade spend and food service. Steve you want to comment further?
Steve Oakland: Yes, certainly. The impact of this quarter was the Canadian dollar, was the exits and the trade spend, and if you remember we made those trade spend adjustments primarily in the third and fourth quarters. So those are flowing through the income statements in the first quarter against the quarter that didn’t have those. So as that volume normalizes, that trade spend volume normalizes, I think we will see favorability in the back half. We also feel very strongly that the merchandizing programs both in our Canadian business and in our Natural Foods business are very strong for the back half, and we’re seeing momentum in our Food Service business on our Folgers liquid coffee business. So, we think the businesses are actually individually performing well, all of the noise should flush its way out by the end of the year. We’ll have the exits behind us, and we think we can make up quite frankly the currency impact and still show modest growth for the full year.
David Driscoll - Citi: If I just kind of repeat something, you second quarter is going to look a lot more like the first quarter here, and then third quarter and fourth quarter is where you would expect to sizeable improvements in profitability within your segments, is that a fair characterization?
Steve Oakland: That is similar to how the see it. I would expect, the only difference in that I would expect a little contribution from truRoots and Enray business in the second quarter.
Operator: Moving on we’ll year from Mario Contreras from Deutsche Bank.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank: So this was the highest margin we have seen from the US retail segment in at least the last three years. I’m just wondering how sustainable do you think this margin level is or you should maybe something of now a competitive activity over the course of the year eat into that a little bit.
Mark Belgya: Hey Mario this is Mark Belgya. Yes we clearly had strong margins, I think it reflected, probably most key was a turnaround in the peanut butter business. That has been the drag quite candidly for the last four or five quarters. Obviously even though Coffee profit dollars were down, they still maintain a strong segment percentage.  So, I don’t see dramatic changes, I think its normal course as we move through the next couple of quarters you do tend to see a little bit margin because as our baking business plays a larger part because of Fall Bake that as you know the lower margin business. So I think you will see some pull down from the first quarter.  And then I think as you look forward it’s is going to become a bit of a function of what pricing does because as you know we focus on profit dollar growth. So if we were to see any kind of significant price movement increasing that top line, that will moderate the margin accordingly.
Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank: And then just one additional question with respect to the recently announced Sahale acquisition; just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the long-term opportunities for this business, for example it has a large [sea] stock presence, maybe some opportunity you got some Smucker products through that distribution and vice versa, get a bigger traditional retail distribution for Sahale, thanks.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Hi Mario this is Paul and again we are very excited about this Sahale opportunity. The snacking category as you all know is growing very significantly and they have a really unique portfolio of products that are very great obviously tasting products but also they are positioned well, little premium and that distribution is not full I would say, so there is opportunity for us to gain distribution in other channels.  And then also the learnings that we get from them we can also apply to some of other brands. So although it is very early in the process as we stand today, we do feel very comfortable that there is going to be opportunity not only just for Sahale but some offer other brands. So, we are excited with that.
Vince Byrd: Mario, this is Vince. I would only add that although much of a smaller scale, it’s not that too dissimilar to when we acquired the Folgers business that had a very strong presence in the dollar channel where we did not have much distribution. And if you look at Sahale, even where they are merchandised in the store and produce section et cetera will be new for us. But we really think we’ll be able to leverage our go-to-market strategy and maybe a more traditional channels to really help grow that business in the future.
Operator: We’ll now year from Farha Aslam from Stephens. Please state your question.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: Mark you mentioned briefly your cost savings program would kick in as the year progresses. Could you just reminders what the cost savings from your actions will be for this year, and when those contributions will flow-through?
Mark Belgya: As far as a combinations, we said [day-to-year] that we will have about $10 million of additional benefits from the full-year operations of our [Oregon] plan and given that is kind of running smoothly. So that we continue to see, and that was in our original guidance and that continued.  I think in the other as we are going to cover some of that top line for all that we spoke to, will really be a function of focusing on the spending side, and this will hold through across our manufacturing facilities as well as a corporate function.  So that will be the driver, I would say, of most of the production opportunities. Again it’s earlier in the year, it doesn’t allow the team some flexibility to look at where some spending that might not be as necessary as originally planned. That’s where we’ll focus for first.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: And the second question is a coffee; now that you have taken your prize increase your in the second quarter, how are you seeing the promotional cadence flow through versus competition, is it in line with your expectations greater or less?
Mark Smucker: Farha its Mark Smucker. It is in line with our expectation. As you know part of the reason, for obviously we take price to be transparent with our customers. Part of the reason we took in the first quarter was to make sure that we had our pricing strategy set for the key holiday period.  So, literally as we speak, we are seeing pricing move on shelf both in our own business as well as all of the key competitors. So we would expect that relative price gaps will continue to manage and do a good job doing that, and so overall I think the pricing across it, the category and the segments within it are in line with our expectations.
Operator: Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley has our next question. 
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Just first on coffee, could you talk a bit about the outcome or the impact of some of the shelf resets that have taken place in the category during the summer both on roast and grounds and your K-Cup business. And then separately just on K-Cup, could you update us just a bit on some of the efforts that you have in place to expand distribution in alternative channels where you feel you’re making progress currently. 
Vince Byrd: When you look at the share trends, which are positive, you look at the 12 week share trends sequentially. We’ve actually had some nice results in all of a segments; so K-Cup has stabilized and maybe increased slightly, and then you look at premium in mainstream and those also have positive trends as well, and we attribute that success to obviously our promotional efforts, our brand support efforts.  And we have seen that shelf recess has occurred in the roast and ground space, we have one, and in fact we have maintained the number of items on shelf versus competition in the premium space some of the smaller or smaller brands would have lost, and so we clearly have been successful on that front. On the K-Cup side, it’s a little bit more of a mixed bag clearly having Bustelo and some of our new items has helped us, and I think as we are still trying to study how that has impacted us, but I think while we would say it is positive, and it just really varies by customer. And then, Matthew you had another question on K-Cup.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: I think expanded channels which club etcetera (inaudible).
Vince Byrd: So in this expanded channels we did talk last time about dollar, online and club and we have had some nice successes in all of that which has contributed to our success in the quarter.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Could I ask a quick follow-up as well on Pillsbury? I can definitely appreciate placing the focus on higher margin products going into the fall, but your commentary didn’t seem particularly optimistic on competitive dynamics or category growth in the mixes sort of follow forward-looking basis. Do you expect to see improvement in the business performance here over the next few quarters, and can adjust it to your comfort level around the plans and sort of the promotional and merchandising efforts you have in place going into the fall.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Show Matthew this is Paul. So couple of things, I would say that we are optimistic on our business as far as the new items that we’re planning on launching. We’re trying to focus on some of the key trends that are occurring from a consumer perspective, things like simple ingredients, and we have some products that we are coming out launching on that front, gluten-free items and our seasonal items continue to do very well. We’ve clearly focused on our frosting category which is where we are the number one and also it’s profitable for us. In the last year there was about 200 items that were launched in the baking category alone, and so that’s added to some of the complexity of the category and some of the additional competitiveness that’s taken place in that section, and so some of those new items have been more fib-related and more I would say not as relevant as some other ones. So we would hope some of that would get sort through and we would focus on more of the longer term trends that our items that we think are going after. Additionally we think about our merchandising for Fall Bake, we are a very good position with the Pillsbury business, and when we think about oil, oil is looking fantastic. We had a very good quarter last year, a great quarter first quarter, and we look good for Fall Bake. So when we think of our total baking business, I think we want to include the Crisco brand as well as a Pillsbury brand. So we feel very good about going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale of KeyBanc Capital Market. Please state your question.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Market: A couple of questions on the K-Cup business, can you give us an update on what your expectations are for K-Cup sales growth for those of 2015? It seems like the quarter at least from where I sense came in better than I thought on the K-Cup side comment has some pretty easy comps especially in the back half of that business.  You mentioned your share trends have re-stabilized and you’re getting some incremental pace, and from what I know the new Keurig on the 2.0 is also going to be positive for your new products. So can you just give us an overall update on sort of sales growth expectations and maybe talk a little bit about the 2.0 launch and so what impact that might have on your business.
Mark Smucker: Hi Akshay its Mark Smucker. So I think we haven’t really changed our outlook in terms of, we do expect mid-single digit volume growth on K-Cup, and as you look across the segment shares are starting to stabilize a little bit, and we have seen over the past 12 weeks saw the unlicensed growth has slowed somewhat and you’ve seen the license player shares also sort of settled. We did fear as I mentioned earlier, a small uptick in our share and so we are encouraged by that, but of course we need to continue to support the business. And then on 2.0, clearly we’re confident that we are with the right partner. Our partnership with Green Mountain as we have said before has been fantastic and we continue to be optimistic about that. We will in all of these formats that the 2.0 machine will brew, and just believe in the consumer benefits that that new technology brings to bear in terms of flexibility and so forth. Keurig has done a great job of building a strong brand portfolio, and I think as you’ve seen in the segment, with good support the strong brands, winning brands will continue to win.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Market: That’s helpful and then any update on your relationship with Dunkin, obviously the trends in the premium coffee side continue to be strong. So can you give us an update as to where you stand as it relates to the K-Cup business potentially.
Vince Byrd: Akshay, this is Vince, as we’ve said before our Dunkin relationship is also equally very, very strong. We continue to work with them on a premium side than it is to a number of new products. We continue to look at opportunities between our two companies for growth that will benefit both them and us, and there is really nothing new to report as it relates to K-Cup, we’re exploring a number of opportunities between the two companies.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Market: Just one last one on M&A, can you use an overall update on what you’re seeing in terms of activity in the M&A space that seems to me obviously there’s been a pickup in general in terms of M&A deals in the food space. You guys have obviously made some tuck-in acquisitions, so it seems to me that maybe valuations might be a lot of [rich]. Can adjust help us understand the dynamics on the M&A side as you see them, thank you.
Richard Smucker: Sure Akshay, this is Richard. Basically I agree with everything you said, the activity has increased, we’ve been able to get a couple of nice tuck-ins and enabling acquisitions which we continue to look for those opportunities along with Bolton and obviously occasionally some transformational. But you’re right there is more activity in, and we are in a good position to play in that space because we have a very strong balance sheet and a good currency in a stock if necessary. So other than that, I think you’re right on the analysis of where the market today. Mark you might have a comment on that.
Mark Belgya: Obviously the only thing that I would add is, when you kind of look at the transaction in depth, what is different and what’s driving some of these multiples and valuations may be lost a few years ago, and I think the one thing you do hear quite a bit and I know several of our peers have announced transactions, there is this whole concept of buying down the multiples.  And so while you are seeing sort of this 11, 12, 13, 14 times being paid in the market, the ability of companies to take advantage of synergies and then also the step up invasive is really allowing companies to do transactions that at the end of the day if they execute adjusted properly, you get them down to more traditional valuation. So I think, until the interested environment changes and there is evidence that maybe that strategy that will ][continue on synergies doesn’t play out, I think you will continue to see this heightened levels.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo: Just thinking about the retail consumer business, maybe you could speak a bit to what you are seeing in certainly the peanut butter category. It looks as though some of the price promotion in the Nielsen data has really increased over the past 4 or 8 weeks. So just in light of that, how are you thinking about the competitive environment there, are there any risk to your peanut butter profit plan as fiscal ‘15 unfolds thank you.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Hi John this is Paul. When we think about the peanut butter category, right now we feel our business is very good and we think about the back-to-school we have great merchandising in place. The early consumer takeaway seems to be very strong which we are pleased to see. From a competitor perspective, we would say that all the players, we categorize it that all the key players are really playing responsibly. It’s competitive, there is no doubt about that, we are seeing some deals which you typically see around this time of year back-to-school, but overall we feel pretty good about the health of the category. There are a lot of new items that are coming into this segment, not only us but other competitors and we feel that’s going to overall increase the usage peanut butter. And keep in mind it’s still one of the cheapest protein out in the market place, and with some of the higher costs that we’ve seen on the meat side of the business, meat side of the category protein, we feel very good about where peanut butter is going to play.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: A question on Jif, I though in your opening comments Mark you said, pardon me it was Vince. You said that we now expect peanut butter to return to a more normalized margins. Has anything changed regarding your outlook for fiscal ’15 or was that always pretty much your expectation. I think some people including myself I thought you might be able to overshoot on margins this year.. And then secondly, in the mix anything you said that the mix, Mark you did say that the mix would be different this year in terms of the segment and how they deliver profit. Are you thinking that coffee will be a little bit less then you thought in terms of profit contribution policy and International Foodservice and Natural Food that’s going to be a little bit less than expected?
Mark Belgya: Rob this is Mark Belgya I’m trying to clarify here on both your questions. On first one, the peanut butter, because last year, probably actually the last six to seven quarters was just much lower than the average that what you are seeing is return. I mean mostly that profit gain in the [pulse] segment was due to peanut butter. And that was doing their expectation and I think the growth in the business as you just is to continue, so we’ll still see profitability.  But that was the big step up, and then in terms of the just the overall profitability, your take is correct, I mean we fell a little bit short on the coffee side, so the other two segments will continue to make up the difference to help land at the original guidance for the company.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Coffee had a very strong year Mark I remember you and I talking about this in fiscal ’14. Just broadly speaking, I think there is some concern that the big step up in profits over the last two years, you and I talked about like $100 million step up, can you still protect that step up, is that profit in the profit pool that you expect to be able to hold on to that, so there is no risk if that deteriorates.
Mark Belgya: Our expectation and you heard us say this a hundred times, our expectation is grow every business every year and I am not saying that blindly, but we would expect continue to maintain that portion of that overall profit pool and as we look to the year and would still see some profit growth just maybe not to the degree view originally had at the outset.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Got it, still growing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Athlos Research.
Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research: In keeping with tradition a couple of questions. The first is how specifically are you thinking about the timing of the launch of Keurig 2.0 with respect to how your modeling profits in that coffee segment. I mean is that a significant factor in your thought process, and I would imagine there has been, you mention this in past before whether there should be some inventory build and perhaps maybe that’s affecting the timing of your profit expectations over the course of the fiscal year, that would be my first question. Second question would be on the M&A front. In a lot of ways the history of Smucker has been written by big transformative deals getting into new categories as you talk about with investors. Have integrated those who successfully, when I look at Sahale Snacks, it’s certainly a kind of acquisition you’ve done successfully. It is somewhat of a new category for you though but rather small and sort of niche oriented. So I guess my question around Sahale would be, does this tell us, does this mean that if you did a big transformative deal it would be in the direction of something like a Sahale Snacks or sort of all options on the table as they have historically as far as on the lookout for bigger deals, thanks very much.
Mark Smucker: Hi Jonathan this is Mark Smucker, I will start with your question 2.0. Really the contribution this year is minimal. If you take into consideration that Keurig will be also settling 1.0 Brewers alongside that. With that aside, even if that were not the case it would take some time before those 2.0 brewers would make their way into a significant portion of household that would be meaningful across a business. And so I would tell you that this year the contribution would be minimal.
Richard Smucker: And Jonathan if you’re satisfied with Mark’s answer, I will answer the one on M&A, this Richard, obviously our strategy is to own the number one brand, it’s only the centre of the story in North America. That allows us to play in a lot of categories that we are not in today. So if you look at the transformational acquisitions, I think you could be confident that we’re looking in a number of different categories that are beyond the current categories that we are in today. We weren’t in coffee as you know, six years ago, and we are now in coffee in a place of significant role. And we think that there are several other categories that could fit very nicely. Now the Sahale acquisition is a nice feat and gets us into snacking category in a small way to really learn that business.  But we think that has some real expert growth as we’ve mentioned already, but that’s one category we weren’t really, we were dabbling in with some of the products, but now that gets us in a bigger way. But there are other categories out there that we do think would settle down. We hope that at some point in time is something to be announced, but nothing today.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Chuck Cerankosky of Northcoast Research. Please state your question.
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: When you look at the sales growth pressures in the quarter and some of it continuing into the year, what attention might be needed on expense control?
Mark Belgya: Chuck this is Mark Belgya, we’ve been reiterating some of the points a little bit earlier is that, being one quarter in gives us a lot of flexibility in terms of looking in, and as you know any budget has some discretionary funds in that. So right now the challenge of across the organization is to look and we will implement changes.  We’re not enough posts situation here, I don’t want to come across as being that drastic it’s just being very prudent in cost management and using eight months of the remaining fiscal year to close a little bit of that and to maintain that guidance. But there are levels that we can pull in dollars that we can pull back on from budget perspective.
Richard Smucker: Chuck this is Richard, and just add to that, we also haven’t given on original top line growth goals. We go back to our sales team and say, hey we were a little bit short in the first quarter, how are you going to make up the difference? So it’s not just bottom-line, we have some leverage we can pull to make sure we’re heading both of those.
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Okay and looking at the Santa Cruz brand where it had some volume contractions in the quarter, anything going on there that’s different from the overall organic category trends that might explain that or is it distribution related? Just curious about that brand’s performance.
Steve Oakland: Sure. Hi Chuck, Steve Oakland. Chuck if you remember we made a conscious decision, large piece of volume of Santa Cruz organic was the lemonade, and that lemonade was promoted across traditional grocery at very aggressive price points, 10 per 10 per organic lemonade. Two years ago, we stepped away from that and we’ve positioned that brand more consistent with the way its positioned across other categories and other beverages, and we’ve taken those price points up. So really other than that the Santa Cruz brand is very healthy today, as is ours. We had a great quarter in traditional and instant beverages. So if you strip the noise out from the lemonade change, actually we see growth in that business now and we see a lot of opportunities to extend it.  As you know it’s in pouched organic apple sauce, its in peanut butter, it’s in a lot of other categories.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Mark on the last quarter conference call you could have detailed the algorithm in terms of gross profit, growth expectation, SD&A growth expectations as well as sales, can you update us on your thinking on each of those line items.
Mark Belgya: I think that there are not going to be dramatic changes from the original. I’m in a little bit of the SD&A should improve just from the commentary that we’ve had as it relates to an administrative type expenses and marketing and that’s where that would fall out.  But gross [profit] comments earlier, there is a little bit of mix shift when moving from coffee that I can get, I don’t think it’s significant, original expectations and again keep coming back it was still our original guidance, so you’ll just a little bit of improvement on the SD&A side of the course of the remainder of three quarters and maybe just a little bit of erosion of gross profit but hopefully we can compensate that based upon what riches comments were enjoying some additional sales particularly in coffee.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: When you say a little bit of erosion of gross profit are you comparing that to the first quarter or are you suggesting that gross margins could be down year-on-year?
Mark Belgya: No, from my original commentary for the fiscal year. I don’t have exactly my language, I know we didn’t just think of basis points increases out of the beginning of the year, but I think we said that gross profit would be sort of in line with our income before tax expectations, so its like 3% or 4%, I think that still kind of where we’re looking at.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Yeah, you would suggest that the gross profit would grow below sales modestly, suggesting the modesty of your gross margin compression year-on-year. It’s sound like maybe that’s still the case or it could be a little bit better is that fair?
Mark Belgya: That’s fair. 
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: And then in terms of sales you are expecting volume growth for the full-year. It came in a little bit light despite the price investment this quarter and obviously the expectations for price to ramp. How are you thinking about volume for the full year now?
Mark Belgya: Yeah if you look across the business and again you always have to be a little bit careful because mix (inaudible) in to this because as you know in this quarter we had baking was down which was a large volume, you know sales dollar of the margin business.  But I would say that we expected a modest increase at the beginning of the year, and we probably see it tweaking down just a little bit to being flat. I mean we’re talking about a percentage point basically. So closer to flat but again mix will come in to play with the course of the year depending upon where volume shakes out. 
Operator: Next we’ll take a follow-up question from David Driscoll of Citi. Please state your question. 
David Driscoll - Citi: Thank you for taking the final question. Just wanted to ask a little bit about the Life is good brand and what happened there? So generally it’s my view that launching a new brand is an expensive proposition especially in a category that’s got many, many, many, many brands in there.  Just would love to understand kind of why did this brand fail, what did you guys learn from the whole experience of launching the Life is good product?
Mark Smucker: Sure David its Mark Smucker. I would start just by saying that the relationship with the Life is good folks is fantastic, and we really had a lot in common with those guys, they do a very nice job with their brand. But at the end of the day, we did some research we felt that coffee and their brand did well together.  What we learned although the products were very good products but we learned was it that the relevancy of that brand was very decent on the coast, so on the East and West Coast but elsewhere the brand awareness was very low. And so we just saw a good trial out of the gate but poor repeat purchase because I think that the consumer has a number of choices in that category and that brand unfortunately just did not survive.
David Driscoll - Citi: Okay final question from me unrelated, Mark can you just clarify for me what is your marketing spending plan for the year? How much do you think that marketing will be up?
Mark Smucker: Well obviously David we are still, the team is still working through it. I would suspect that it will be basically in line, maybe slightly above last year’s spend. And again just to reiterate I made this commentary on a couple of quarters when we’ve adjusted marketing is that, we are committed to market in a good portion but there is still some flexibility, and we underscore that were quite comfortable with what we have on air.  We did a lot of production last year so we got some great commercial that are still in the can to be run. So we are looking at those dollars that either we had more flexibility or will not have a dramatic impact. But I suspect it will be right about last year’s level or maybe just a tad bit above.
Operator: We’ll take our next follow-up question from Akshay Jagdale of KeyBanc Capital Market. Please state your question.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Market: Thanks for taking this follow-up, this one is for Mark, you mention the mid-single digit growth expectation for volumes in K-Cup. I mean you are at 8% growth this quarter the category is still growing double-digit and your share is improving.  So why is that not - I mean I understand that you want to be conservative but is my characterization of it being conservative in light of the facts we’ve seen so far. Is that the right characterization or why should we expect 5% growth when your share is improving and the category is growing double-digit.
Mark Belgya: Akshay the short answer would be that we’re still in the process of filling the pipeline with both new products and some of the new channels that we recently got rights for offset by some of the recent declines in the Millstone items.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Market: Okay, so still there’s a lot of moving parts and you need some time to get more visibility is that a good way to think about it?
Mark Belgya: You got it.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Market: And then just overall on your guidance for the full year, so why did the coffee business margins or sales come in below your expectation, what were the drivers of that, was that the pricing to cost lag, take of business, can give us some color on that and maybe an order or magnitude. 
Vince Byrd: Akshay this is Vince, I think we need to take a step back. I mean we grew the coffee business 2% in the quarter coming off a strong quarter last year, and we grew virtually every brand and yes we might have had higher expectations, we are very, very pleased with where we started the fiscal year on coffee. Again roast and ground has grown for nine consecutive quarters, and I think we’re very very pleased with that result. So yes it might have been slightly below our expectations, but if you take a step back and look at those results, if you very good and I think we’re positioned for the balance of the year.
Operator: Will now take a follow-up question from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I think people listening to this call might want to go back to the beach, but I’m going to ask a broader question about merchandising environment at retail heading into back-to-school, and then also into the Fall Bake. I’ve heard a lot of packaged food manufacturers lament the fact that merchandising has gotten overcrowded, and that there has been a big shift to value channels and these have been kind of real limiting factors stop Are you seeing those same issues as you head into this fall, and have you taken any steps kind of compensate for it. How is this environment different from last year’s environment or merchandising perspective?
Vince Byrd: Robert, I think you’re correct if you read what’s going on in our industry and from what our peers are saying, there is a lot of merchandising activity and some degree we are all competing regardless of categories. But we feel very comfortable as Paul Wagstaff articulated earlier with both the back-to-school activity. In fact one could argue that we have more merchandising issues than we’ve had in the last few years, and then secondly as we look in to the holiday period we feel very, very comfortable. We feel comfortable with our price points across our portfolio, and so there is no doubt that it’s a challenge but can’t use it as an excuse. We have leading brands and we need to make sure that we get a fair share of those opportunities and programs.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: And you said that you are very comfortable reduced price points. Are those price points below where they were a year or two ago, because commodities are favorable so that gives you that flexibility?
Vince Byrd: Is going to vary by each of those segments as primary Mark and Paul have articulated because when that particular community rests, and again Crisco Oil would be down, peanut butter may be up, et cetera et cetera, we won’t go back won’t rehash them all, but it’s going to vary. 
Operator: And we have other questions at this time. I will now turn the conference call back to management to conclude.
Aaron Broholm: We would like to thank everybody for being on the call, and hopefully you can get back to your vacations and that’s where you are. I can get rest assured we are not going back to beach in Ohio. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 with a passcode of 5735316. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-06-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sonal Robinson - Vice President, Investor Relations Richard Smucker - Chief Executive Officer, Director Vince Byrd - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director Mark Belgya - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President Mark Smucker - President, U.S. Retail Coffee, Director Paul Wagstaff - President - U.S. Retail Consumer Foods, Director Steve Oakland - President - International, Foodservice and Natural Foods
Analysts: Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Andrew Lazar - Barclays Chris Growe - Stifel David Driscoll - Citi Jason English - Goldman Sachs Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Farha Aslam - Stephens Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company's Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for question and answers after the presentation. Please limit yourself to two initial questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you then additional questions. I will now turn the conference over to Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Robinson.
Sonal Robinson: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; Vince Byrd, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Oakland, President - International, Foodservice and Natural Foods; Mark Smucker, President, U.S. Retail Coffee; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President - U.S. Retail Consumer Foods. Our prepared comments this morning will be organized as follows. Richard will begin with an overview of our fiscal 2014 performance and initial thoughts as we head into 2015. Vince will then provide additional color on our fourth quarter results and Mark will close with a few comments on 2014 cash flow, followed by a discussion on our outlook for 2015. Before I turn the call over to Richard, let me remind you that we may make forward-looking statements during this call that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning forward-looking statements. Additionally, please note that company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our new corporate website at jmsmucker.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the website. Finally, I would like to share that this will be my last earnings call serving in an investor relations capacity as I will be assuming a new role within Smucker. It has truly been a pleasure working with all of you. Should you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please continue to reach out to me over the next few weeks as I transition my responsibilities to [Aaron], a current mother of our finance team. Let me now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Smucker: Thank you, Sonal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased to have concluded another successful year for the company. As we overcame a number of challenges to deliver our 13th consecutive year of non-GAAP earnings per share growth. Let me begin by providing a few highlights for 2014. First, volume gains for the year were achieved in both, our U.S. retail segments. In Coffee, the Folgers brand grew 3%, driven by mainstream roast and ground. The Dunkin' Donuts brand continued its strong momentum with volume up 7%. Within Consumer Foods, our largest brands Jif and Smucker's grew volume 2%, while key categories, including Crisco oils and Pillsbury frostings were also up. Planned business rationalizations in our International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment impacted total company results. Overall, lower net price realization in our two largest categories of coffee and peanut butter, primarily attributed to the pass-through of favorable commodity cost and resulted in a net sales decline of 5% for the year. Second, our strong innovation pipeline enabled us to launch over 100 new items this year, spanning our key brands and categories, including items such as Jif Whips, Dunkin' Donuts Bakery Series, new varieties of K-Cups and exciting flavors of Pillsbury mixes and frostings. Looking back, we launched more than 250 items over the past three years, which contributed over $425 million or approximately 8% of net sales in 2014. Third, brand building efforts included our inaugural sponsorship of the U.S. Olympic team. Our analysis confirmed that our activation around the participating Smucker's, Folgers, Jif and Uncrustables brands, not only resonated with our core consumers, but as expected expanding our reach with millennial and other consumers garnering over a 1 billion impressions and relationship key retailers strengthened as we partnered with them for shopper marketing implementation. Activities around our sponsorship of the 2016 Summer Games are underway, applying learning gain through this initial effort. Fourth, cash from operations allowed us to execute on all four components of our cash deployment strategy. To that end, in 2014, we completed the enabling acquisition of Enray and its truRoots brand, providing further growth opportunities for our natural foods business and we invested $280 million in capital expenditures, including capacity expansion projects at our Scottsville, Kentucky and Toledo, Ohio facilities. We completed the new fruit spreads plant in Orrville, Ohio and started construction of our peanut butter facility in Memphis, Tennessee. We also increased the annual dividend paid by per share by 11%, representing our 12th consecutive year of dividend growth and continued payments of dividends for 55 year since we went public, repurchased nearly 5% of our shares, utilizing approximately $500 million in cash. Finally, we were able to realize record non-GAAP earnings per share of $5.64, an increase of 5%. Our 2014 results were achieved despite challenges in the current operating environment that included a sluggish economy, heightened competitive activity in several key categories and foreign exchange headwinds. While these challenges are expected to continue into the new fiscal year, history demonstrates our ability to manage near-term issues while continuing to be position the business for long-term success, which is why we remain confident that 2015 will represent another year of profitable growth. Mark will provide details on our guidance for the year, but before he does, I will briefly summarize the key areas of focus for 2015. These include furthering our brand support with continued innovation. We anticipate launching over 225 new items this fiscal year capitalizing on growing opportunities within the digital, social media and e-commerce space, continuing to support supply chain and growth initiatives, including expanding the operational footprint for the Jif brand, responding to consumers' needs for transparency of information and the desire or simple ingredients and clean labels, lastly, focusing on cash flow generation to support our cash deployment strategy. In summary, we were pleased with our 2014 performance. Our results would not be possible without our employees' perseverance and commitment to aggressively pursuing new opportunities for growth. As always, we thank them for their efforts. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our long-term strategy, in the strength of our brands and our ability to deliver ongoing profitable growth year-after-year. With that, I will now turn the call over to Vince to provide additional commentary on our fourth quarter performance.
Vince Byrd: Thank you, Richard, and good morning everyone. We delivered a stronger than anticipated earnings per share result for the fourth quarter, primarily due to higher than expected volume in our U.S. retail segments, managing our SG&A expenses and the benefits of one-time non-operating items and share repurchases. This was achieved while continuing to manage many of the same challenges discussed on our last call. My comments will provide additional commentary on the quarter as we overview our three business segments. Beginning with U.S. Retail Coffee, we achieved an eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year volume growth despite lapping a strong period prior year comp. Volume gains at mainstream roast and ground coffee led to the Folgers brand being up 1%. Dunkin' Donuts volume also increased 1%, coming on of a 29% volume comparison in the prior year's fourth quarter. Pricing actions taken in the quarter to reflect lower green coffee cost recognized earlier in the year, accounted for the net sales decrease. The results of our K-Cup business have exceeded our overall expectations since we entered the market in fiscal 2011. This year, this business fell short of expectations, reflecting the continuation of a competitive dynamics discussed previously, however we remain pleased with the volume growth we experience on Folgers Gourmet Selections K-Cup, which were up 10% in 2014. This was mostly offset by significant declines for the Millstone branded varieties. As we start the new fiscal year, we remain optimistic about the overall K-Cup business for several reasons, including our partnership with Keurig Green Mountain, which remained strong as evidenced by our recently amended agreement, the introduction of three new varieties including our initial launch of Café Bustelo and K-Cups. The restaging of a few existing Folgers Gourmet Selections items to the iconic Folgers brand name, the expansion of our K-Cup business into new channels and the launch of the new Keurig 2.0 system. Given the rapidly changing dynamics in the short-term, we expect her K-Cups to achieve modest volume growth in 2015. Pricing investments are expected to limit year-over-year sales growth and combined with higher costs are expected to cause margins in our K-Cup business be far below the overall segment average in 2015. Our focus in coffee remains on competing and growing all key segments. Turning to coffee costs and segment profit, overall we are pleased with the 6% segment profit growth achieved for the full-year driven by higher volume and the price to cost relationship during the fiscal year. We continue to manage the business with an annual perspective and the price to cost timing impact have and will continue to occur from quarter-to-quarter. As noted, during our last call, fourth quarter segment profit declined from the record prior-year level primarily due to timing of the net price realization versus cost. Our ability to effectively manage this business through periods of significant commodity inflation or deflation has enabled us to deliver segment profit growth each year since acquiring the business and we expect to continue growth in 2015. Earlier this week, we announced a 9% price increase on the majority of the coffee portfolio, reflecting sustained increases in green coffee cost. Lastly within coffee, we expect to complete the consolidation of our Miami coffee operation into our New Orleans footprint later this year. We anticipate modest cost savings from this transition mostly beginning in fiscal 2016. Shifting to Consumer Foods, the segment had a strong finish with fourth quarter volume up 3% and segment profit growth of 6%. Looking at our key categories, peanut butter volume was comparable to the strong prior-year fourth quarter. While we realized somewhat lower peanut cost, we believe our competitors maintained their temporary cost advantage during the quarter resulting in continued competitive activity. As we enter the new fiscal year, we believe we are no longer at a cost disadvantage and our peanut butter business is positioned to compete responsively. Our optimism going into the year is further supported by the expected contributions from innovation. We look for momentum to continue with Jif Whips and we are introducing Jif to Go, a convenient snacking option which pairs our popular Jif to Go product with pretzels. While peanut butter is expected to be the key contributor to segment profit for the Consumer Foods in 2015, profitability will be somewhat impacted by overhead costs related to the capacity expansion in our peanut butter facilities. Our fruit spreads business continued to be affected by the factors discussed on our last call. Our focus remains on growing our fruit spread business through innovation while also extending the reach of the Smucker's brand into new categories. To that end, we are pleased with the initial performance of Smucker's Fruitables and all-natural line of fruit pouches. Volume for Smucker's Uncrustables frozen sandwiches grew 23% in the quarter, completing a second consecutive year of U.S. retail volume growth in excess of 20%. While growth rates are expected to moderate slightly, we anticipate another strong year in 2015, particularly given our expanded manufacturing capacity. For our overall PB&J business, we have solid programs in place for the upcoming back-to-school promotional period and expect to be well positioned to compete in these categories. Lastly, within this segment, our baking and oils business had a solid year and we look forward to continued growth driven by innovation. Turning to International Foodservice and Natural Foods, a weaker than anticipated fourth quarter concluded a challenging year for the segment primarily in our food service business. The three key drivers of segment profit underperformance in the quarter were, first, increased rate spending in Foodservice, including an additional $7 million adjustment this quarter. Second, while our Canadian business had a solid quarter and year, the weaker Canadian dollar remained a headwind. Third the lapping of our Foodservice beverage and Uncrustable business rationalization continue to impact top and bottom-line performance. As we move into fiscal 2015, we recognize some of the headwinds will persist, yet overall remain optimistic about this segment and expect to achieve sales and segment profit growth for the year. Looking at some of the key opportunities and challenges beginning in Foodservice, we acknowledge the coffee trade spending will be higher than originally estimated when we purchased the business impacting run rate profitability. Cost saving opportunities to mitigate this impact are being pursued. Also, while lapping the recent business rationalization is expected to reduce the 2015 net sales by approximately $40 million, we are encouraged to have the related activities behind us. This allows us to focus on growing both, branded roast and ground and the liquid coffee concentrate business along with our portion-control and other Foodservice categories. Turning to our Canadian business, based on our current outlook we expect currency will negatively impact profitability in 2015. This primarily reflects approximately $15 million of higher cost of goods sold expected next year as a significant portion of our Canadian products are sourced from the U.S. However, the underlying business remained strong and we look forward to build on volume and marketing share gains achieved across most of our categories in our Canadian portfolio in '14. Lastly, within Natural Foods, the Enray acquisition and its truRoots brand provides entry into the rapidly expanding ancient grains category. Behind our scale and go-to-market capabilities, we are gaining new distribution and anticipate strong growth for truRoots and our overall Natural Foods business in 2015. In summary, we are encouraged with the overall performance for the year and are positive about the initiative lined up for the new fiscal year. While we expect the challenging operating environment to continue, we remain confident in our team's ability to navigate through this environment and deliver another year of growth. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Vince, and good morning everyone. I will begin with a few comments on the 2014 cash flow. Cash provided by operations was $856 million for the full year. Free cash flow of $577 million fell short of our target of $600 million due to higher CapEx in the fourth quarter as the substantial work commenced on the Jif capacity expansion project and the consolidation of our Miami coffee operation. This resulted in a full year CapEx spend of $280 million. At year-end, we had nearly $250 million borrowed against our revolving credit agreement. Proceeds were used to fund over $280 million in fourth-quarter share purchases. We will further borrow against the revolver in the first half of fiscal 2015 as we repaid $100 million in long-term debt earlier this week in accordance with the required maturity and to fund seasonal working capital needs. Excluding any acquisition or share purchases, we expect to pay down revolver borrowings by the end of the fiscal year. Turning to our 2015 outlook, we anticipate volume growth and commodity-driven pricing actions to result in net sales growth. This along with incremental productivity savings is expected to offset higher commodity costs and marketing investments resulting in operating income growth, with all three segments expected to deliver increases in segment profit. Combined with lower interest expense and reduced share count, we expect non-GAAP EPS in the range of $5.95 to $6.05 for the year. Excluding amortization expense $100 million or $0.65 per share, the corresponding guidance will be $6.60 to $6.70. The combination of segment profit growth, in fact, lower interest expense and reduce your account primarily benefit the first two quarters, we expect EPS growth to be mostly front-half loaded. Specific to the year, we expect net sales growth of nearly 5%. This includes the impact of the coffee price increases announced earlier this week and modest volume growth anticipated in U.S. retail segments. In International, Foodservice and Natural Foods, volume growth in the core business is expected to be more than offset by the impact of lapping in 2014 business rationalizations. These numbers also include 125 new items for next year to be introduced not 225. Overall commodity costs are expected to increase the significantly higher costs on coffee offset declines in peanuts, oils and sweeteners. The weakness in the Canadian dollar results are expected to result in higher cost of goods sold. Incremental supply chain savings of nearly $10 million are expected reflecting the consolidation of our fruit spreads operations in Orrville. This would bring the total run rate savings associated with our supply chain initiatives to just over $60 million for 2015. While this is slightly behind our original schedule, we continue to anticipate total annual savings of $70 million when fully realized. For SG&A, we anticipate an increase of 4% with all major components increasing at approximately the same rate. The low operating profit, net interest expense of $65 million to $70 million is anticipated, including interests associated with short-term borrowings and the full year benefit of the rate swap entered into last year. This range reflects our current expectations of interest rates. The effective tax rate is expected to be in line with our 2014 rate of 33.5%. Lastly, weighted-average count approximately 102 million shares was used for our guidance reflecting current shares outstanding. The 2015 guidance range reflects our change in treatment for gains and losses on certain derivative contract beginning in the first quarter of this fiscal year as referenced in this morning's press release. Later this quarter, we expect to issue an 8-K to recast quarterly and full year segment profit and non-GAAP earnings per share on similar basis for the past two fiscal years. This will not result in a material change to the $5.64 non-GAAP earnings per share reported for fiscal 2014. Turning to cash flow components, we anticipate depreciation and amortization expense of $280 million, including share-based compensation expense, capital expenditures of $240 million including the continuation of supply chain project we have referenced today. Lastly, special project cost of nearly $25 million, with most having the cash impact. This is expected to result in free cash flow of $625 million to $635 million for 2015. In closing, we're pleased with our 2014 performance and we look forward to delivering sales and earnings per share growth in 2015. Before I open the call for questions, I would like to take this opportunity to thank Sonal for all of her contributions over the past six-plus years leading the investor relations area. To our Investor and Analysts Day, she has always tried to be responsive, transparent and fair. Internally, she has provided keen insight, counsel and leadership and for all that we thank her: While we will miss her as part of the IR team, I know she will continue to contribute to the success of our company in the future. Best wishes to Sonal in her new role. With that, we will open up the call for your questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The question and answer session will begin at this time. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good morning everybody.
Richard Smucker: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: My question has to do, let's is probably with the pricing on coffee. It sounds like Starbucks is pretty well hedged. Our restaurant analyst was out there earlier and didn't sound like they were really interested in moving on pricing, not at their stores, but in grocery. Do see the pass-through mechanism as still being kind of fairly efficiently. I guess last time; we had to raise prices a lot on the back of Arabica costs going up. The volume elasticity was pretty tough, so maybe you can just kind of comment on those two things.
Mark Smucker: Sure, Eric. This is Mark Smucker. Yes, so the short answer is we do feel that our ability to pass-through is efficient. I guess maybe by way of grounding just to rewind the clock three-year, the last time we took an increase was May of '11. Since then, we took essentially three list price declines. Then this past year, we chose to use another lever, which was promotional spending to continue to bring our pricing down to remain competitive. We did take a 9% increase earlier this week. We did feel that as we have seen sustained increases, our realized cost increases in our costs that we needed to do that and we felt that taking the list price decline in this instance was truly the best lever to pull being more transparent with our customers and you know we don't think there's really any change in how we have managed the business historically. If you look at green coffee cost versus six months ago Arabica prices are still up about 60% - futures we are at, costs are still up.
Vince Byrd: Eric, this is Vince. I would just build one thing on Mark's point. When we were dealing with the issue a couple of years ago, we were talking about Arabica. They picked up well nearly over $3, and of course we are not at that level today, but your point is well taken.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Then, I guess, just as a follow-up to either Richard or Paul. I guess I had heard that from various sources that Easter season really wasn't as strong as a lot of companies had hoped for and it seems like you were - the consumer business did fairly well. A lot of that came from Crisco. I am not really sure why, but maybe you could just talk a little bit about the environment, the Easter season and I guess specifically that Crisco jump of 20% and I will pass it on. Thank you.
Paul Wagstaff: Sure. Hi, Eric. This is Paul Wagstaff. Actually for us the Easter season was pretty good kind of across our brands that we promote during that time. On the baking side, we didn't promote as heavily as we have in the past years during that Easter season, but our seasonal did actually very well during that time. The Crisco business actually has had a very solid year overall and we've been up about 11% for total year and we are up 20% for the quarter and we were just frankly hitting on all cylinders with our customers with our promotions with merchandising, so frankly we just had a really good season.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Good morning, everybody.
Richard Smucker: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Richard, as you mentioned, you ramped little bit around some of the promotional programs in the quarter, but you seem to get a nice volume lift as a result, so trying to get a sense did the volume lift come in as you would have hoped based on some of the programs you ran or frankly did you get a little bit better lift than you might of thought. I am trying to get a sense whether some of programs were in response to what you are seeing out there and what you have kind of talked about you even on the last call or if you were trying to lead in that regard just may begin where the input cost outlook is and the need to try and get volume moving in the right direction?
Richard Smucker: I'll start with this. Andrew, it's Richard, and I will turn it to over to team, but we did see better results because of some of the pricing actions we've taken. We know, we pull all the levers we can where there is promotional pricing activities or merchandising activities and they all work pretty good. I mean, we came out of our third quarter, we were a little discouraged if you remember at the end of the third quarter and so we basically went back to our teams said we need to do whatever can to make the numbers and both, for the short and long-term and I would say the team delivered and we have just seen good merchandise and the trade, so I don't know if the team wants to answer that.
Vince Byrd: Yes. Andrew, this is Vince. I think also we had good sell-through from a number of our top-20 accounts as a result of our Olympic activity and so since we got big consumer takeaway from those accounts due to our merchandising, I think we benefited from some of that in the fourth quarter as well, but as you indicated, it was declared in our scripted remarks we did have better than anticipated volume in our not only actually in our U.S. retail, but also in our Canadian retail business as well. Overall, we are very pleased.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Then Mark, how should we think about our gross margin as we look out for the full-year in 2015 given some of obviously the pricing actions that you are taking and things of that nature obviously impact the percentage, but trying to get a sense of expectations around that versus the gross margin dollars trend.
Mark Belgya: Well, I think, in terms of the profitability, Andrew, if you take what we provided and - you are going to see gross profit gains in dollars of about 4%, which is pretty much in line with the sales growth. Obviously our coffee pricing, we are covering cost, so there is a little bit of slippage there, but I think what you will see as you work the P&L and we will get about 4% gross profit. We will pretty much hold that through in terms of net income and then we take up a couple of points of growth through the buyback.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Okay. That's very helpful and good luck Sonal and thanks for all your help.
Sonal Robinson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Hi. Good morning.
Richard Smucker: Good morning.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Hi. I actually had a follow-up to Andrew's question and one other if I could. I want to be clear, Mark, getting back to the gross margin here. If I heard you correctly, is pricing going to outstrip cost inflation in fiscal '15? I thought I heard you talking about, but I want to be clear on that. Then just to be clear overall, do you expect cost inflation in fiscal '15 due to the coffee price will be up so much or peanut cost being down as well, is that offsetting that?
Richard Smucker: Yes. We do expect to see overall cost inflation as the cost of green without striping all the decreases in the sweetener oils and peanuts that I noted. In terms of margin percentage, we will have a favorable price to cost, which is contributing to the gross profit. Then the margins are going to be relatively comparable. Obviously, we are moving the top line a lot, so I don't think you are going to see significant change in the margin percentage, but just to underscore, we will see 4% gross profit gain for the year.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. Maybe just a bigger picture question perhaps for Richard, but there has been a while of acquisition activity, a lot of press around one in particular, but I wanted to get a sense of how you see the acquisition environment today. It seems like at least for certain assets multiples are up quite a bit. Then maybe related to that, your appetite, not only for acquisitions, but maybe for share repurchase activity in fiscal '15. Thank you.
Richard Smucker: That's a good question, and you are right. There is more acquisition activity than there has been in the past couple of years. I think that relate to two major factors. The industry is not going to drop unless we don't like it to grow even though we have had some growth. We would still like to grow better and so we are looking for like many other companies looking for brands to join and companies to join us and so is everyone else. The second reason is, just a low-cost of the interest rates. Fed's policy of having low interest rates allows companies cost of capital to be lower and so they can pay higher prices and that's true for us also. We said before, we are going to pay up where it makes sense, but we still have very firm discipline and some of the multiples we have seen on areas that we don't think long-term would be good for us and so we have to still have that discipline, but with the interest rates where they are, our cost of capitals come down also. We are still out there, we are still looking for the best fit for Smucker's and we are still going to pay up their price for it, but we are not to go beyond paying the old cost of capital. We are in Warren Buffett's camp on that.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citi: Thank you and good morning.
Richard Smucker: Good morning, David.
David Driscoll - Citi: First off, Sonal, thank you for all of your help. You have been terrific over the years and wish you the best on your new endeavor. I want to start off, going back to coffee. You made some comments here, but what do you expect in terms of profitability on coffee in 2015? Typically, I believe, that operating income profit generation has been around 5% to 6% annually. Is there any reason to think that that's not going to be about the output in fiscal '15.
Mark Belgya: David, this is Mark Belgya. I guess, the way I would answer your question is, as I said in my scripted comments, we expect all three segments to garner growth and segment profit. If you look kind of look at where we are seeing basically 4% profit growth, that's kind of spread reasonably equally across the group, so you can do your own math. That will get you some sense.
David Driscoll - Citi: Okay. My second and final question would just go to the food service operations or really the entire segment, because I think there might be other pieces in here. Frankly, this is a very confusing segment. There's a lot of things going on here. Steve, maybe I was hoping you could talk a little bit about why was there a trade adjustment again in the quarter? Kind of what's the plan to get this coffee operation going? Why are you guys so positive that this thing will move forward. I think in the fiscal year, profits were down like $30 million on the segment, which is an enormous percent decline, so just give us some understanding as to why you are confident that this thing will move in the right direction and then please address that trade accrual adjustment. Thank you.
Steve Oakland: Certainly. Hi, Dave. This is Steve Oakland. Let me talk a little bit about one or two ways. Let me talk about the trade adjustment and the complexities in the foodservice trade environment and then we will talk about the business and why we think the business is still strategically the right thing for the long-term. In the foodservice market, the trade spend equation is very complex and the reason for that is the multiple layers involved in the trade spend and foodservice. Typically with a large national account, you've got a distributor at least one GPO. In some cases, two GPOs, so they are layered between those two business. Then the coffee business in particular is very strong in those segments of foodservice that use GPO, so the coffee business we bought is layered in these different things and there is a long lead time lag between when we ship this product, who we ship it to and then when we get in-voice and who we get invoice by for those trade spend, so for definition purpose, GPOs group purchasing organization, so to make sure everybody on the call knows what that is, which is phenomenon foodservice basically that help foodservice operators be effective procuring goods across the industry. With that complexity, to be effective there, you need a couple of things. You need process, you need systems and you need people and we moved that team last summer from Sara Lee's office in Chicago and we rebuilt both the process and the team. The key to that is, we now have a history overlay on that, so we feel comfortable that we can now given all of those lead times, we can make proper trade accruals. We can manage that system. That's why we feel good about it today. We are not good about where we are and how we have accounted for this year. We think the numbers were right, we are disappointed to bringing them the way we have, but the team feels they have their arms around it. With regard to the business, there's two real business segments here. There's the jam and there is the core liquid coffee business. That business at close came under a tremendous amount of competitive pressure and the good news there is it's never declined. Although we had a lot of pressure from large competitors and small competitors, we have fended that off. That business was flat the first year. It's been up slightly this year and we think with the Folgers brand and the new equipment it's positioned well to grow, so that's the jam in that business. The other side of that business is roast and ground cappuccino cocoa tea business. Quite frankly that's been the most challenged piece of that business. The volume we have lost there was due to the interdependencies that those segments that with the private label contracts that we exited, so now that those contracts are gone, we can start to rebuild those one at a time. Those contracts come up annually, semiannually, et cetera, so that's going to take some time, but we feel like we have the right brands, we have the right products. We have freed those now from those private contracts. We can go back and pick those products that make sense and those segments that make sense. It's a lot of work. That team is not happy with the results, but they're convinced that they have got the tools, the brands and the products to make it work and they are working really hard. We are working really hard to make it happen.
David Driscoll - Citi: The $17 million accrual this year will not be a reoccurring expense in fiscal '15. True or false?
Steve Oakland: 50% of that will recur. 50% will not.
David Driscoll - Citi: Thank you. I'll pass it along.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs:  Good morning, folks. Thanks for the question. Let me just reiterate what many of us said, Sonal congratulations. Best wishes. We will miss you.
Sonal Robinson: Thank you.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. You bet. On to the business, I guess you have anniversaried all the list price reductions in coffee I think in February, so this was a clean quarter in terms of list prices, but pricing mix down 12%. Can you parse out how much of that was mix, how much of that was price? Then, on a go forward, you have announced a 9% list price increase. Should we expect this thing to turn on a dime and go from down 12 to plus 9 or will it take time to retract some of that heavy promotional spent?
Mark Belgya: Jason this is Mark Belgya. To your first question on the breakdown of the 12% is predominantly priced about 11%, a couple of points of mix on table and then up plus 1 on the volume side.
Mark Smucker: Jason, this is Mark Smucker. As it relates to pricing and what you see in the marketplace on the shelf, generally speaking, you would start to see retailers reflect pricing very quickly, so there will be some reduction out of the gate on trade. Of course, we will continue to support our brands, but we feel very comfort with our marketing investments as well and making sure that we continue to support the consumer.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs:  Okay, so some reduction of trade spend, should we interpret that to be the 9% list price increase for us to be enhanced by lower trade spend, so this could be a double-digit net increase for the year?
Mark Smucker: I think you will see some pull back on trade, but again I don’t think we disclose specifically what that is, but there are always will be trade and there always will be customer and consumers support as we support our business.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. That's helpful one last question and then I will pass it on. Dunkin' Donuts K-Cup retail opportunity, if you listen to Dunkin' Donuts and their public comments, there are certainly singing a slightly different tune in terms of the opportunity, so I was hoping you comment on what if any tests are underway to test that opportunity out. Then conform also that were that to go to traditional retailers such as groceries it would have go for you? Thank you.
Vince Byrd: Jason, this is Vince. We really don't have anything to report on that front. We continue to work with the Dunkin' organization, but there's really nothing new at this point and I really don't want to comment on the contract. I mean, other than to say that if it was ever to be launched, obviously, we would believe that would go through us.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs:  Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Good morning. Sonal, thanks for all your help over the years. You have been a class act. Getting back to the subject of promotions, a couple of follow-ups, number one, I am curious how permanent do you expect the shift toward promos to be? I think there was a comment that you decided to do. Whatever it took to make your numbers, so I am not quite sure if that implies the shift will be more temporary in nature. Second, historically promotions - they've done a great job sparking one-time volume lifts, but then of course those volumes tend to erode as competition matches the deal back, so I am interested in what your expectation is for the competitive response. Then I guess lastly, I am curious if you expect both, total marketing and brand building spending to grow in line with sales next year. I am sneaking in one there.
Richard Smucker: Ken, I'll start and then will turn it over to Mark Belgya and the team. Let's again reinforce what we had said. In the coffee and specifically we chose not to take a list price decreased, primarily on the back half of the year and using another lever we passed those cost savings on through promotional spending, so if you would look at our statement those promotional spendings would have been higher. Now that we have taken a price increase in effective this week, those dollars would, I'll say go away for the most part to maybe a more traditional level. Again, that really depends upon, particularly in coffee, where green position is versus our price too, so it's just a mechanism, so yes, it was higher in the fourth quarter. Again, how we chose the pass those costs long and how that was recognized in our statement.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: I apologize. I wasn't clear. I was talking more on the consumer food side. I apologize.
Paul Wagstaff: Hi. Ken, Paul here. Paul Wagstaff. Overall, no we felt very good about our balance and how we promote, and compared to marketing spending and price declines or increases et cetera. In the fourth quarter, we didn't spend deeper to get more volume. We had solid plans for the Easter as I mentioned and our business came in kind of about as expected nice and solid for that quarter.
Richard Smucker: Ken, this is Richard. You made one comment, I just want to make sure that you understand. You used the term, we will do whatever it takes to get the volume and will do whatever it takes to that hits our payout profit margins. As long it's good for the long-term growth of the business, but we want to make sure whatever we do is responsible. We go to our team, we don't say whatever it takes. We go to our team and say do whatever makes sense for the business long-term.
Mark Belgya: Then finally, Ken, I think your question on the marketing that was for the total company, correct? For next year?
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Yes. Thank you, Mark.
Mark Belgya: Yes. That would be growing pretty much in line with - in my scripted comment I said sell-through was about 5% marketing basically in line at that.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: I understood. Okay. All right. Thanks everyone. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi. This is a question about how to evaluate the year versus your internal targets. I guess, you did lower EPS guidance for the year and you came in at 5% growth. I think the guidance originally was 7.5%. This will be your proxy, but I wanted to clarify is this below what you had expected in the beginning of the year. If so I would imagine executive comp is probably lower year-over-year, your accruals for executive are lower year-over-year and maybe that's why your op expenses are not as high this year as originally expected. Is that true?
Mark Belgya: Well, this is Mark Belgya. Generally that's true. I think, you are probably aware our structure varied a little bit [business] unit or in corporate, but there is certainly is a margin or an EPS component. Again, depending upon, if you look at the business side where the respective businesses finished, some were under some were over. In corporate we finished below are overall expectations, so the adjustment over the year to the accrual would reflect a lower bonus and long-term compensation expense. That will be reinstated next year for planning purposes obviously, so there is an incremental impact that is in the guidance range that we provided.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Can you tell me about what that incremental impact is? My math indicates that your EBIT guidance here probably only up about 1% or 2% for fiscal '15. Are those assumptions correct?
Mark Belgya: No. We would say that again, it's more aligned with the gross profit growth sort of that 4%,depend on how the rounding and what part of the range you used. In terms of the compensation increase, I would say it's probably about, I don't know about $0.03, $0.04 maybe.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. I'll follow up offline. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein:  Good morning, everyone.
Richard Smucker: Can I ask about competitive dynamics in the different parts of the coffee segment? I'm thinking within K-Cups, are we through the worst? In premium costs obviously ramped up on Gevalia and working on a Cafe project. How is that developing? Then in the mainstream coffee are you still gaining share from the private label area? Maybe you could talk that through for me. Thank you.
Mark Smucker: Thanks, Alexia. It's Mark Smucker. Why don't I take it, I'll do K-Cups last and just start with the core roast and ground business. Again, you know, as we said we have been very pleased with our performance in both of those segments. We have seen given the deflationary environment that we have been in, the branded businesses are doing very well versus store brands and then doing also very well versus our competition and that goes back to both, the support that we have had in place from a marketing perspective as well as managing our pricing, the gaps to our competitors and so forth. On the mainstream side, if you are looking at our recent share, you would see maybe a little decline, but I would tell you is that the interaction we have been seeing with our primary competitor in the mainstream segment has primarily been against our opening price point, where our core Red Can businesses compliments our Columbian items have all been doing very, very well and that looks to continue. Then of course Dunkin' goes without saying has done very well. Our Folgers Gourmet, sort of our lower tier in the premium segment has also been doing very well, so we have been very pleased with the results and we have continued to grow our share. One comment as I have reflected on Jason and Ken's earlier question just on trade. As we talk, we do use different levers to make sure our pricing is right, but I guess I would just like to say that you have to a little careful of what we say publicly just from a competitive standpoint, we want to be sensitive to make sure that we are divulging our strategies. Then finally on K-Cup, we have been just a little disappointed this quarter, because it is the first time we have seen some declines in our K-Cup business. That said, our Folgers brand has done very well and most of the declines having been driven by Millstone. Looking forward, we do feel that we have to continue to invest in that business. There continues to be a lot of noise and we need to make sure that our pricing is right. We need to make sure that our marketing is right and that we are investing there and we still feel confident that we can grow it with the introduction of our Bustelo K-Cup, we are restaging a few of our Folgers items. As we go through this summer and early fall, several of our customers are actually going to be resetting or restaging their shelves. Given the performance of licensed brands versus the unlicensed, licensed tend to have better turn rates, so we do feel that coming through those shelf resets that we will fare well.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein:  Great, I'll leave it there, but thank you, Sonal, for all your help over the years. We will miss you and good luck with the next step.
Sonal Robinson: Thank you very much Alexia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale of KeyBanc.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: Good morning and congratulations, Sonal, and thanks for the help and good luck. You will be missed.
Sonal Robinson: Thank you, Akshay.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: I just want to follow-up on coffee. I guess, my favorite subject, but can you, Mark, maybe talk a little bit more about what you just mentioned in terms of the shops resetting at large customers? Obviously, guessing at these particular ones that you are talking about, you are the category leader Can you give us some insights into the type of data that is perhaps leading to these decisions and sort of what are we actually seeing in terms of turns so that we get a sense as to the magnitude of some of these changes perhaps? That's my first question.
Mark Belgya: Well, Akshay, first I would say the category leader is clearly Green Mountain. I mean, they developed the system. They clearly have the largest share, so having being partner with them is something we have always been very grateful towards and I have got a couple of other very good partners, so as a whole for those of us that you know we have talked for that are licensed, we do feel we have advantages. We are in the (Inaudible), we recently got access to new channels and so forth, so that's why we continue to be optimistic. I mean the partnership is really better than ever and we do still believe that the quality in those products continues to be strong and superior to many of the unlicensed. Typically in coffee, a lot of new items and across these higher coffee categories are in accepted and cut into the shelves at this time of the year whether it's small or large customers. Some customers have acknowledged that their sets maybe got too big and there were too many brands there. Others not so much and so usually this time of the year as we go into our first and second quarters that retailers, small and large are sort of having the reckoning with this category so this is the time when we would think that we would have potentially some wins. As it relates to the data, it's multiple source. We have a strong shopper insights team, category management and who will be forming from IRI among NPD and many other sources from that perspective. What we are seeing is it continues to be encouraging.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: Okay. Just as a follow-up on the partnership itself. You don't typically make these things public, but you decided to in this case. There's a lot of good things right, so you are getting channel expansion, you are getting three new SKUs, you are restaging your current lineup part of it. Then I am guessing you are going to have a [cup], if not one, multiple. Help me understand a little bit better, why we are going to see margins dip below the segment average and how does that sort of compare year-over-year? Were margins in line with segment average this year? You mentioned, I think, specifically investing in pricing but also higher cost, so help us understand that in light of the renewal of your relationship with Green Mountain and the expansion?
Mark Belgya: Okay. Akshay, it's Mark, again of course. The expansion in the contract that we typically haven't disclosed this time we felt it was a big enough deal. It is important to that and to emphasize it is consistent with other partners, so dollars channel or online, some more flexibility in the club channel and so forth. Those are some of the things that we were able regain. Obviously Green Mountain felt that was a win-win as well. Then in terms of margins, yes. In this past year that we just finished, they were in line with our segment. Going forward, as we said in the script, they will be below our segment average for a couple of reasons. As you know we did not take a price increase this week on K-Cup and we have seen some cost inflation overall in that area, but the primary reason is that although we feel that our Folgers brand will commend the price that we have been seeing on shelves. We do feel that we have to continue to invest to protect our franchise. By invest we mean in marketing for the consumer as well as continuing to support our promotional activity at the shelf.
Vince Byrd: Akshay, this is Vince. I just want to maybe summarize a little bit what Mark was saying and to answer questions, you are right that we typically don't go public with elements of our agreement, but we felt that we were being maybe disadvantaged that we weren't moving along with Green Mountain as maybe some of their other partners who tend to be more public, so that was a reason why we felt that it was important that we communicate that externally. As mark said, we believe our relationship with Green Mountain is as good as it's ever been since its inception. Then the other thing is, I think you alluded from Mark's comments is that this segment is going through transition and we just felt that we needed to continue to invest in it as we work our way through this transitional period of the new 2.0. As you know Green Mountain is signing up several retailer brands. There is a little bit of in some accounts where there is some underperforming SKUs et cetera, so are our bottom-line conclusion is we are going to continue to invest in it, take a little market hit and to make sure that we are competitive during that period.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: Great. Just one last one. This is just more for the overall company. If you look at your guidance, obviously, you are guiding to I think 6%-ish EPS growth, 4% or 5% EBIT growth, which is generally in line with your long-term algorithm and generally what you delivered this year despite much more favorable cost environment than you are going to see next year. Wouldn't you say there is a little bit more risk to your outlook going into this year compared to last or how should we think about that, because we came off of a year where obviously in light of all of the challenges in the industry the result was good but still below your initial expectations. Now we are going into this year where costs are certainly rising and there competition is still pretty intense. Is there more risk to earnings guidance this year given the commodity increase or is there something controllable in your P&L that gives you more confidence this year?
Mark Belgya: Yes. Akshay, this is Mark Belgya. Let me just start and then guys jump in as you feel necessary. I think if you take a look at some of the items that hit our P&L in 2014 is, as Steve alluded earlier, whether its trade spend or some of the operational issues we had during the middle of the year, some of the disadvantaged cost position regarding peanut butter, those are items that we firmly believe that they are turning completely or turning in the right direction forward, so that's one reason we clearly feel more confident in terms of numbers. Again, depending on your perspective, you could have some different views on risk in terms of volume growth. Then kind of below the EBIT line, obviously, the interest rates for the most part and certainly the shares are locked in, so that 2-plus percentage points of growth that their certainty, so when we develop our plans as I am sure every company, you try to get the most reflective plan with the most current assumptions in it and thus we feel good about it. Are there risks? Certainly. I would not say there is any more risk this year than in any other prior year.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: Great. Thank you so much.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. I think, Mark, you answered it very well, so I won't add to that.
Mark Belgya: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the questions. Just two things, first, you called out a favorable impact during the quarter from some of the specialty alternative Jif line extensions, so there seems to be some momentum on those products. Can you talk a bit more about the efforts that you have planned there during 2015 and how input cost dynamics could impact your ability to invest behind those in the near-term?
Paul Wagstaff: Hi, Matt. This is Paul Wagstaff. A couple of things just on peanut butter in general. As Mark has mentioned here a second ago, our higher peanut costs we do feel are behind us, so going into '15, we feel we will price very well, closer to one of the more normal average has been. Actually, in fact the crop looks great right now. Our coverage we are pleased with, so we feel - line cost wise with our competition, so we feel very good about peanut butter business overall. When you look at some of the innovation that we have coming out in that area, we have Jif Whips, which is a snack-type item. Their snacks is growing category and certainly have been doing well. Our Jif Whips continue to do well and we are pleased that. With Jif Hazelnut, we are re-launching that product in the plastic jar at a similar size for competition, we are investing behind all of these so we feel very, very good and comfortable with our peanut butter business and where it's heading in fiscal year coming up, so we are pleased with that.
Richard Smucker: Matthew, I will add just to that. In peanut butter just in general, there is a real emphasis today in the marketplace on plant-based protein and a lot of companies are focusing on that area and peanut butter is probably the largest plant-based protein in the marketplace, so I think we will continue to get some benefit from that. Our acquisition of Enray foods performance and the team - leadership that they have is another plant-based protein that we are writing on in the health food area, so we are excited about being in those categories.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. Just one more on input cost. I am not sure if there's something you can address in specific or generality, but can you give us a rough sense of what type of expectations for green coffee or Arabica prices you have incorporated into your outlook? Just given how volatile it has been recently, does your guidance really capture the impact of some of the very recent pullbacks we have seen in futures prices?
Mark Belgya: Matt, this is Mark Belgya. We really have stepped away from commenting on position and coverage and how that plays. I would just say that we feel comfortable and we accelerated on price and you can do some math around that. We feel comfortable that the costs are built in our guidance are reflective of where we are.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay. All right thanks again everyone. Good luck Sonal.
Richard Smucker: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam of Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: Hi. Good morning.
Richard Smucker: Hi, Farah.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: First question is on your operational focus. This year you were very internally focused with a lot of transition in your plant networks. Could you just update us on where we stand with all of those projects and are you now positioned to launch new products much more actively going into 2015?
Paul Wagstaff: Hi, Farha. This is Paul Wagstaff. First off starting with our fruit spreads projects that we completed this year, so as you know we can find a couple of our facilities in to our Orrville, our brand new facility and that plant is up and running and doing well, so we are pleased with that performance. We are also kicking off the production or the construction of producing peanut butter in our Memphis facility in Tennessee and that is on track and on budget as we speak and it should be peanut butter by fourth quarter of this year, so we feel pleased there. We have also had some additional capacity investments in our Toledo facility for our frosting line and that's up and running and doing very well, so on the consumer side we have made some significant investments and continue to do, so and we are track.
Steve Oakland: Farha, Steve Oakland. As I think you know, we've invested over the last couple years in our Scottsville, Kentucky plant for Uncrustables. We have seen nice growth in our consumer business there we manufacturing on average of over 1 million peanut butter jelly sandwiches a day across the country, so we're excited to be able to raise that number over the next year or two, so that plant has been invested in as well.
Mark Smucker: Farha, this is Mark Smucker. In coffee, we are largely through all of our supply chain projects and have realized that savings, the one outstanding is the consolidation of Miami into New Orleans, which is on track related this calendar year. Then just total company as Richard mentioned and Mark, we are basically on pace to introduce more than 100 products again this year.
Vince Byrd: Farha, this is Vince. Having said all that, we continue to look at the entire supply chain to make sure it's most effective and efficient as possible. As we have added acquisitions over the last 18 months, we will be looking at the entire distribution network to again see if we can find some additional savings.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: Great. That's helpful. Now when we look forward to M&A, Richard, you mentioned it a little bit that you are looking at M&A in this environment, but could you just spell out Smucker's criteria, particularly how you feel about your balance sheet today? What leverage level you will be willing to take Smucker's and what ROIC discipline you are just putting around in acquisitions in this environment?
Richard Smucker: I'll start with the last and we usually don't share our ROIC numbers other than we definitely more than cover our cost of capital, a little risk factor in there. As far as all the acquisition activities, if you look at our criteria, our criteria is center of the store, number one or two brands and we like to make sure that we can get to number one brands, but we don't necessarily have to buy the number one brand in the category. Center of the store allows us to play not only in the dry, but also the frozen category.  The fact that there is a lot more activity out there, means that there are more brands and companies coming to the market, so it gives us more to look at and we look at them either enabling acquisitions, in Enray foods, the bolt-on, which was Café Bustelo and then transformational and we are still looking in those three buckets and so there is more coming across [the] prices as I said are higher, but we have the balance sheet. I will let Mark comment on that next, but balance sheet to really do a sizable acquisition. Mark you want to talk a little bit more about that?
Mark Belgya: Yes. Farha, I guess only the point on the leverage is, if you look, we have a leverage ratios out there about 3.5 times, so our EBITDA is about $1.2, so we are sitting at roughly 1.5 times levered, so we can borrow up to $4 billion-ish, so a $2 billion just to do a cash and debt finance transaction, not that we are looking at that necessarily, but that kind of frames what possibilities could be.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: Any reason that Smucker's hasn't done a large transaction over the last two to three years? Is it that you didn't find the opportunity? Was it valuation?
Richard Smucker: It was primarily valuation and leaves us with a couple and we have been participating, but some of these multiples have been paid. Just don't seem to be at least for us the right one, so we are still looking.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: Great. Thanks for the added color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chuck Cerankosky of Northcoast Research.
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Good morning, everyone. I would like to talk a little bit about trade spending in two forms, on the consumer products side what you might be looking at this year away from directly to the trade, but more consumer promotions. Our work suggests that you have slowed down a little bit on some of the consumer stuff, not a lot but some. How that might pick up? Then how trade spending works on the Foodservice side since the ultimate consumer there going to a restaurant doesn't necessarily see what brand of coffee he or she is drinking and I am wondering how that fits into some of the accruals, et cetera going on there.
Paul Wagstaff: Hi, Chuck. Paul Wagstaff here. First off we talk about marketing investments and progress we have going into this upcoming year. We feel very well-positioned in all of our brands. We have couple of three key timeframes. One is back to school, we feel very well-positioned with our spreads business, peanut butter and fruit spreads, our promotion not only with your in-store activities, but also on TV. We have a lot of TV coming out on our brands. Then [time period], it's a little early, but we are in the process of starting to work with our retailers to lock those timeframes up as well. So far we feel pretty good, there is always some puts and - when it comes to kind of the oil business in that area, but on the baking side it's a category which is good about that and then of course for the rest of the year, at Easter time period being one of the biggest in the fourth quarter. That's too early to tell at this point, but we feel good in what we are investing as far as marketing is concerned and we will anticipate that delivering some good results.
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Will you see some increase year-over-year in some of the consumer promotions?
Richard Smucker: Yes. We should.
Steve Oakland: Hi, Chuck. Steve Oakland. You are right. In foodservice trade spend is really a different labor. Let me talk about when you talk about the back of house versus front of house brands. Our core portion control business those things are tabletop, front of house. Our relationship with Cumberland foods, sweet little sugar and the raw, those products were tabletop and front of the consumer. There is an enormous coffee business away from home, so when you segment that, there is a couple of key segments, where brand is important. Whether that would be office coffee or there are a couple where our Folgers brand plays well, but they are small. Now the downward was the liquid coffee business is strong in the most high volume of segments, which are healthcare, lodging, convention, places where a tremendous amount of casinos or tremendous amount of coffee is served at one given time and what we are selling there is brand yes, but it's technology. The downgradable system is the best in the world at high-volume, high quality coffee at a predictable cost, so you we are selling a different customer value experience in that environment, and the trade spend there is really programs spend that's really not passed on to the customer. It's a purchase contract rebate-type stuff.
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: All right. Thank you. That's helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo: Mark, just again in terms of the K-Cup's in the single-serve category and just some clarity there, I guess given the pressure from net pricing you are expecting in 2015, does that suggest kind of a change in price dynamic underway in terms of maybe a greater emphasis on promotion and managing price gaps given that private label has achieved such a meaningful share right now or do you see it more as kind of a temporary phenomenon?
Mark Smucker: John, this is Mark, of course. In this most previous year, we did see a little bit more frequency of promotion and that will continue through this coming year, but pricing dynamics are generally consistent and we seen that price gaps versus both, private label and competition have remained more or less constant, but you are seeing a little bit more frequency of promotion.
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo: Okay. Then in terms of the Folgers K-Cup brand it sounds as though your assessment of that brand is better than the measured channel data would suggest given that sales declines have been accelerating the past couple of quarters, so is there another component to that maybe non-measure performance doing better?
Mark Belgya: Well, maybe we have to look at both dollars and volumes. When you look at dollars, clearly there has been a decline. That has been driven primarily again some of the frequency and promotion just making sure that we are supporting our brand, but if you look at the Folgers Gourmet Selection that's the brand we've been using for the last three years, we are still up in this quarter 25% over two years ago, so the numbers are pretty good. For the full-year the Folgers brand is up 6% on dollars and 10% on volume. Does that help?
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo: Yes. Thanks Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi. A quick follow-up. You bought back a lot of shares this year. If there is no M&A activity in fiscal '15, can I assume that share count will be down again in fiscal '15 maybe 2% or 3%?
Mark Belgya: Yes. Rob, this is Mark Belgya again. I think if you look at the last three years, we have actually exceeded 2%. We sort of have [sustained] 2% goal for plan, we don't include it, but certainly if there's no M&A opportunity, I think the recent history shows that repurchases is a viable use of our cash.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you. Thank you again, Sonal. Good luck.
Sonal Robinson: Yes. Thank you again.
Operator: There are no further questions. I will now turn the conference call back to management to conclude.
Richard Smucker: I want to thank everyone for being on the phone today and I also again want to reiterate Mark's comments about Sonal and all your wonder comments about Sonal may not let her leave her position, so [Aaron], you have good big shoes to fill, so I want to thank everybody for being on the call and have a good week.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast of this live call, you may do so by dialing 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 with a passcode of 7130736. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-02-14 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations Richard Smucker - Chief Executive Officer Vince Byrd - President and Chief Operating Officer Mark Belgya - Chief Financial Officer Paul Wagstaff - President, US Retail Consumer Foods Steve Oakland - President, International Foodservice and Natural Foods Mark Smucker - President, US Retail Coffee
Analysts: Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Andrew Lazar - Barclays Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein David Driscoll - Citi Jonathan Feeney - Janney Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc Chris Growe - Stifel Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc Jason English - Goldman Sachs Thilo Wrede - Jefferies John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the J.M. Smucker Company's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference over to Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Robinson.
Sonal Robinson: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; Vince Byrd, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Oakland, President, International Foodservice and Natural Foods; Mark Smucker, President, US Retail Coffee; and Paul Wagstaff, President, US Retail Consumer Foods. Following this brief introduction, Richard will comment on highlights and the challenges we faced in the quarter. Vince will then provide an update on the dynamics occurring within our business segments. And Mark will close with additional comments on our financial results for the quarter and our updated outlook for the full year. Before I turn the call over to Richard, let me remind you that we may make forward-looking statements during the call that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning forward-looking statements. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our new corporate website at jmsmucker.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, do not hesitate to contact me or Mark Belgya. Let me now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Smucker: Thank you, Sonal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. My commentary today will focus on three key messages: first, a solid performance in the quarter; second, the change in our outlook for the year; and finally, that the fundamentals of business remain sound and that our expectations for continued earnings growth beyond the fourth quarter are positive. When we last spoke to you in November, we outlined our plans for the holiday quarter, including our expectation for a solid merchandising support and the significant increase in third quarter earnings per share over the prior year. As we reported this morning, we're pleased to have delivered another quarter of record earnings per share. We had a good fall bake and holiday season and we're pleased with the quality of merchandising achieved. Non-GAAP EPS increased by 13% to $1.66. While these results were strong, they were below our expectations. Before I discuss the key highlights for the quarter, let me also comment on our revised outlook for the year, which was included in our press release this morning. We adjusted non-GAAP earnings per share guidance for the fiscal year from the prior range of $5.72 to $5.82 to the range revised to $5.55 to $5.60, forcing a soft fourth quarter against the strong prior year where earnings per share were up 17% over the prior year last year. Let me comment on two factors that softened our EPS growth for the third quarter and are contributing to our adjustment of annual guidance. First, weaker than expected topline results within our peanut butter and fruit spreads businesses. As you may recall, we have previously indicated that peanut butter was expected to be a key growth driver for our total company results this quarter. Vince will elaborate on why this fell short of our high expectations. Second, profitability within the foodservice hot beverage business that we acquired from Sara Lee was lower than expected, reflecting an on-planned adjustment of approximately $10 million in our trade spending accrual balance. Additionally, as we enter our fourth quarter, our outlook incorporates that our US Retail volume is expected to fall short of a very strong fourth quarter achieved in the prior year. Additionally, competitive pricing in a number of our key categories is expected to continue. And lastly, while our business in Canada had a very strong third quarter, we continue to face foreign currency headwinds. We view these issues as near-term challenges. And in our 117 year history, we've faced similar challenges before. We have the ability to adjust quickly where needed, while still maintaining a long-term view of the business. I want to emphasize that our business fundamentals remain strong and our prospects for ongoing earnings growth continues. Our confidence is supported by aggressive innovation plans, strong brand support and a more stable raw material cost environment and the strategic deployment of our strong cash flows. For these reasons, we're confident that our company is well positioned for growth in the coming year. Let me now return to the third quarter and provide an overview of the highlights. We are pleased with the volume growth in our largest business, Coffee, and the performance of our Folgers and Dunkin' Donuts coffee brands, which both had a very strong quarter. In addition, Crisco enjoyed a very strong holiday merchandising season as did our overall Canadian baking portfolio. The company sales were impacted by volume, planned product rationalization and competitive pricing. These factors combined with our pricing actions and recent trade activities resulted in lower net sales compared to the prior year. Innovation remained key to our performance behind contributions from recently launched items such as Dunkin' Donuts Bakery Coffee Series, Jif Whips and new varieties of Pillsbury baking products. Our seasonal business for Dunkin' Donuts Coffee and Pillsbury baking continues to be a real strength for us. For the current fiscal year, we have achieved our target of introducing 100 new products and we're excited about our initiatives planned for fiscal 2015, some of which Vince will preview in a few minutes. To further support our brands, we continue to maintain a consistent ongoing advertising presence. We're actively engaged with consumers as we speak. In connection with our Olympics sponsorship of Team USA, new television advertising, digital and media support and in-store merchandising. Consumers continue to demonstrate their excitement and our involvement with Team USA and retailers have provided exceptional merchandising support. With the fall bake and holiday season complete, we saw a strong cash generation from operations during the quarter. While we anticipate full year cash from operations to come in slightly lower than originally planned, we believe our fiscal 2014 free cash flow target of $600 million is still achievable, aided by constant shift in timing for certain capital spending. As the company continues to generate significant cash flow levels, we remain committed to utilizing this cash to enhance shareholder value. While we've achieved our target or repurchasing 2% of our shares annually each year, we're giving strong consideration to continuing repurchasing outstanding shares under the current Board authorization. Let me close my comments by reinforcing that we are confident in our ability to navigate and address the current short-term challenges we are facing, while remain committed to the long-term growth goals of the company. We acknowledge the outlook for the fourth quarter is down from our previous guidance and are working diligently to minimize the impact. We believe we have the right strategy in place and will make the tactical adjustments as we go. Our team is the best in the industry and we're confident in their ability to drive ongoing profitable growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to Vince for an update on our business segments.
Vince Byrd: Thank you and good morning, everyone. As Richard indicated, we were encouraged by our results in a number of areas during the third quarter, while other areas of our business were more challenged. Let me provide some additional commentary on this performance as I discuss our three business segments. Beginning with US Retail Coffee, the momentum experienced in the first half of the year continued into the third quarter as volume in this segment grew 2%. Highlights for the quarter included sound execution of our holiday marketing and merchandising plans, including new advertisement for several brands of our portfolio; volume gains for the Folgers brand, which grew 4%, driven by roast and ground coffee; and for the Dunkin' Donuts brand, which was up 8% behind growth in the base business; and contributions from innovation. Share of market gains within both the mainstream and premium coffee segments for the latest 12-week IRI scan period. And finally, third quarter coffee segment profit grew 4% year-over-year. Performance for our K-Cup business continued to be mixed as sales grew for the Folgers Gourmet Selections was offset by anticipated sharp declines with Millstone, reflecting the continuation of the competitive dynamics discussed last quarter. As a result, we now anticipate full year K-Cup sales to be up slightly for 2014. Looking forward, we remain optimistic about the business over the long term with a number of initiatives expected to provide growth in fiscal 2015. These include, first, commencing distribution of our K-Cup offerings in new channels including the dollar class of trade and the e-commerce channel. Secondly, introducing three new K-Cup varieties are continuing to provide marketing support to the platform and to our brands. And thirdly, continuing to expand our relationship with Green Mountain. This includes participating in their latest innovation, the next-generation brewer platform expected to launch later in the calendar year. In addition, during the quarter, Green Mountain began marketing and selling Folgers Gourmet Selections K-Cups in the Foodservice channel under a distribution agreement, further extending the brand's footprint. Looking to the fourth quarter, we anticipate the favorable benefit of green coffee cost year-over-year to continue, albeit at a lower amount. While costs are expected to decrease, we anticipate segment profit will be down from the record level in the prior year due to the timing of our net price realization to cost that occurs from quarter-to-quarter and a softer volume outlook. We continue to manage the business on an annual basis and these price to cost timing impacts are expected. For the full fiscal year, we expect to deliver a solid year and record coffee segment profit. Let me conclude my coffee remarks with a brief update on the recent news in the commodity market. As you are likely aware, Arabica futures have climbed over 20% since the beginning of the calendar year. While we do not comment on our specific hedge position, we feel consummate in our ability to adjust pricing when warranted. Let me shift to Consumer Foods, where overall volume for the third quarter was flat and below our expectations, driven by shortfalls in peanut butter and fruit spreads. This was partially offset by the strong performance of our Crisco oils business along with volume gains for Pillsbury frostings. Expanding on peanut butter, although we faced a difficult comp of 17% growth for the Jif brand in last year's third quarter, we were optimistic entering the period as a result of strong merchandising programs and better pricing versus the prior year. Although we executed this plan, we believe our competitors in the category maintained a temporary cost advantage and their adjusted frequency of merchandising were significantly greater than anticipated, resulting in the number two brand regaining share they had lost in the prior year. Ultimately, this dynamic impacted our volume performance in the quarter. We anticipate that pricing level of competitive activity will continue through the fourth quarter. Yet, given our expectation that we'll no longer have a peanut cost disadvantage versus our competitors as we enter the new fiscal year, we expect to be well positioned to compete responsibly in fiscal 2015. Additionally, we remain optimistic about our brand building efforts behind Jif. Innovation in particular continues to be a key contributor. Jif Whips continued to perform well with 12-week ACV of 80% and strong repeat purchase rates. Additionally, during the quarter, Jif Hazelnut was relaunched, showcasing new packaging along with a new variety. Both the Whips and Hazelnut product lines are being supported by robust marketing campaign, including TV advertising. Turning now to fruit spreads, there are two key issues affecting our business and share trends. First, we faced a competitor that was dealing extensively to levels that were unprofitable for us and we chose not to meet them. Secondly, there is a segment of consumers that are shifting away from artificially-sweetened products that is impacting what we refer to as our better-for-you line of fruit spreads. Reflecting this trend, we are focused on ensuring we have the right product offerings to meet the needs of our consumers. This is evidenced by our recent launch of Smucker's Natural Fruit Spreads and we are encouraged with early results of this offering. Our innovation efforts include the opportunity to expand the Smucker's brand into categories beyond fruit spreads. To that end, we are excited to announce the launch of Smucker's Fruitables, a new line of fruit pouches providing consumers a convenient and great casing on-the-go snack option. This all-natural offering will be available in four blended fruit flavors with shipments beginning early next fiscal year. I will conclude with a few comments on the International, Foodservice, and Natural Foods segment, where the integration of a foodservice beverage business acquired from Sara Lee continued to have a significant impact on the segment results for the third quarter. Let me address three key points related to this business. First, expanding on the $10 million adjustment that Richard spoke to, during the last several months, we transitioned the trade spending management activity and other back-office operations to our teams at Orrville. The complexities inherent in the foodservice channel contracts and the transition in processes and systems acquired from Sara Lee all contributed to an under-accrual of certain trade liabilities. Going forward, we have addressed the underlying issues and do not expect further significant adjustment. Secondly, we finalized the planned exit of the private label coffee foodservice business during the quarter. We're encouraged to have completed this transition, allowing us to move forward with a focus on growing the branded roast and ground and the liquid coffee concentrate business. Lastly, we recognize that the profitability of this acquired business to date has fallen short of original expectations. However, with the integration and the rationalization activities now complete, our teams are focused on ensuring this business meets its full potential. As a result, we anticipate profitability within the business will improve as we enter the new fiscal year. Turning briefly to the rest of the segment, a key highlight for the quarter was the strong sales and profit performance of our Canadian business with volume and market share gains achieved across nearly all categories in the portfolio. Lastly, within Natural Foods, we remain pleased with the performance of the recently acquired Enray business, including the truRoots brand, and we look forward to completing the integration activities by the end of the fiscal year. In summary, we continue to navigate through a challenging operating environment and remain confident in our ability to do so, all the while remain committed to our strategy and the key initiatives we have spoken to previously. These include building our brand through investments in innovation and marketing, including support behind our Olympics sponsorship, improving our supply chain, capitalizing on acquisitions and ultimately positioning the company for long-term growth. I will now turn the call over to Mark to discuss our consolidated results.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Net sales decreased 6% in the quarter, reflecting lower net price realization. Excluding the impact of planned rationalization in our Foodservice business, volume was slightly up in the quarter. Acquisitions added 2 percentage points in growth, while exchange rate and mix each reduced sales by 1%. The weaker Canadian dollar will continue to negatively impact results in the fourth quarter and next fiscal year. GAAP earnings per share were $1.59 this quarter and $1.42 in the third quarter of last year. Excluding special project costs, earnings per share were $1.66 this quarter and $1.47 last year, an increase of 13%. The growth in EPS was partially driven by gross profit, which excluding special project cost, increased $11 million or 2%. And lower commodity costs were only partially offset by pricing. This resulted in gross margin improving to 37.4%, an increase of nearly 300 basis points over the prior year. The positive impact of the lower tax rate, a decrease in interest expense, reflecting the company's interest rate swap, and a reduction in average shares outstanding from a year ago all contributed to the year-over-year EPS growth for the quarter. Turning to cash flow, cash provided by operations were the strong $421 million in the quarter compared to $324 million last year. The increase primarily reflected greater reduction in our overall inventory dollars during the quarter as it compared to the same period last year. We're adjusting our 2014 CapEx estimate to $240 million from the previous range of $250 to $270 million. This lower CapEx guidance reflects actual spending to date and the decision to defer spending of certain projects until next fiscal year. Reflecting this shift in timing, our initial projection for fiscal 2015 is to maintain CapEx at around $240 million level. We will confirm this estimate in June during our year-end call. While the current year projection is lower than the guidance we provided at the beginning of the year, total CapEx spend over the two fiscal years is in line with our original expectations. This CapEx guidance includes a revised estimate relating to expanding our Memphis facility to support peanut butter production. The initial $70 million estimate increased to $90 million, reflecting scope changes to the significance of project. Free cash flow was $355 million for the third quarter, bringing the total to $440 million for the first nine months of 2014. As Richard indicated, our full year free cash flow target remained at $600 million. As of January 31, we had no borrowings outstanding against our revolving credit agreement. Let me conclude our prepared comments by updating full year sales and EPS outlook. We anticipate 2014 net sales will decrease approximately 5% from the prior year, which equates to approximately 7% decline in fourth quarter. This revised sales outlook reflects the impact of list price changes and other pricing levers to primarily reflect lower cost recognized throughout the year, including coffee. A note, we took an 8% list price decrease in oils earlier this month. US Retail volume declines were approximately 2% to 3% for the quarter due to strong prior year comps and expected competitive pricing in certain key categories. Continued headwinds from foreign exchange in Canada were offset somewhat by sales contribution from [ph] active business. From an SG&A perspective, we're actively managing our costs and now expect full year SG&A to increase slightly less than the 4% increase realized in the first nine months of 2014. Given our fourth quarter outlook and third quarter actual results, we're adjusting our annual non-GAAP income per share, guiding to a range of $5.55 to $5.60. This range is based on approximately 105 million shares outstanding for the purpose of calculating annual EPS. The range forces the fourth quarter EPS estimate below the prior year. As a reminder, the prior year's fourth quarter benefited from a number of factors, including stronger than expected volume performance across our US Retail business, favorable absorption of manufacturing overhead and lower tax rate. Let me conclude reiterating the key points that Richard made at the beginning of our call. We had a solid third quarter performance, resulting significant year-over-year EPS growth. Yet, recognizing these results were below our aggressive expectations and anticipated soft fourth quarter, we have lowered our full year outlook. However, our business fundamentals remain sound and we're optimistic as we look forward to fiscal 2015. Specifically to this last point, while we provide our 2015 guidance when we release our year-end results in June, I would like to preview some of the key reasons for optimism as we head into the new year. Recognizing the competitive environment and foreign exchange will remain headwinds, we expect to benefit from the following: our robust innovation pipeline, additional supply chain cost savings particularly related to our fruit spreads operations, further reductions in our recognized peanut costs that will improve our competitive positioning. The last thing is the product rationalization that significantly impacted our International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment and the full year impact from any 2014 share repurchase activities. And as a reminder, we should mention we will be looking at share repurchase opportunities. We currently have approximately 2.8 million shares still outstanding under Board authorization. We look forward to sharing more on these items during our year-end call as we will discuss our plans for delivering another year of earnings growth. And with that, we will open up the call to your questions. So, operator, would you please queue up the first question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess first question has to do with the jam and jelly spread business. I don't know if you listened to the McCormick call, but they dominate their category in spice and seasonings and yet they've seen the consumer change where they're buying or maybe buying some alternative products in different parts of the store. So is it kind of a somewhat similar situation for you that you've got aggressive competitors on the low end and that maybe the consumer changing a little bit on the higher end?
Paul Wagstaff: Yeah, from this perspective, really there're a couple of things that are going on. First off, I would point out that our strawberry and variety products actually have had a very good year overall. And so we've been pleased with their performance so far. The great business, which is really due to our competitive situation, has not done as well. We've seen some impact there due to competition. It's really a better-for-you segment, which includes some of the sugar-free options that we've struggled with the most, and that kind of goes to your comments on the consumer taste and the consumer trends that are going away from artificially-sweetened products. And so we are looking at ways to address that. Some of the things we're doing to that end are the Uncrustables business, which is a way for moms to give their kids the PB&G sandwich, that continues to do very well and it's up double-digit and we expect that to continue. And then also, we're in process of launching a Smucker's Fruitful product, which is like an applesauce fruit-based product that we're seeing some nice trending upward with the consumers in that category is growing. So I think we're looking at ways of how do we expand this market brand to meet some of the other consumer needs.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: In coffee, Vince, I think you said that your market share over the last 12 weeks IRI was up. And obviously your volume numbers were pretty decent in the business. Can you explain why, like Nielsen would show your share down? Is that the difference, the single-serve K-Cup share losses, I guess, you experienced year-over-year?
Vince Byrd: Eric, my comments were that we gained share in roast and ground and premium and actually we gained share in this segment as well. When you roll it all off though with K-Cups, we did not gain share, and that's just a matter of the math if you think about our share in the K-Cup and as that becomes a bigger piece of the pie. We obviously don't have the same 33 share that we have on the rest of the business. So it's becomes a math exercise to some degree. But we did gain share in all other segments.
Operator: We'll go to our next question from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Richard, I think it was maybe about two years ago where you had expressed a belief that there would not be a race to the bottom with respect to promotional activity. And I know you've got some specific challenges in businesses that you're addressing. But would you say any of the recent competitive environments or some of the broader view that you see maybe just changed that view at all or not so much?
Richard Smucker: I would say in general it's changed our view that much in certain categories, specifically peanut butter. Peanut cost came down significantly the last year or so. We have gained a lot of market share doing that transition. And because we had kind of higher peanut cost than some of our competitors during that time, they took advantage of giving that back during the past couple of quarters. And even though actually our peanut butter sales were up this year in terms of units, they weren't up as much as we thought they were going to be and we lost some share to our competitor. But in general, it's competitive up there. I can't say that it's not competitive. And we're running a lot of promotions, but if you look at all of our margins in the industry, everybody's margin is up over the prior year, because commodity costs have come down. And I think most manufacturers have given some of that back in trade spending, but not all of it. So you'll see a higher trade spending because of that, but margins are better overall.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: With respect to share repurchase potential, it's more a matter of clearing it with the Board and power that more than anything else, I guess, structural that would perhaps keep you from being more active in the marketplace, given where the stock has come down to, is that a fair assessment?
Mark Belgya: Just to clarify the 2.8 million shares actually have been approved by the Board. And so it's just a function of putting your program into places we so choose. But there is no further authorization. Now once we got that, we would obviously have to go back to the Board. But there is no limitations for 2.8 million shares.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: I think coming back to the peanut butter profitability, you mentioned the temporary cost versus another player. Can you just give us a little bit of a better idea about what that is or why that situation has arisen, and how confident are you that that resolves in fiscal '15?
Paul Wagstaff: Going back to a little bit of history on the peanut cost or peanut market, we saw peanut cost go up significantly. And one of the things that we do as being a large peanut buyer in the market is we went out helped the farmers, the sellers to make sure that they had a supplier, which was us, buy peanuts. And as we do that, again we don't get into the details on how long our purchase will go out, but we went out pretty long in that process. And as the peanut cost came down, we went out longer than most of our competitors. And so as you look at trying to go in the marketplace and price your product based on what your cost is, we were just longer than our competitors. So that's what we're seeing right now in the third quarter. We'll see that continue a little bit in the fourth quarter. We also know our peanut percentages going forward and while I'm not going to give you the details on what those are or how long, we do feel very confident that by first quarter, we'll be getting into our lower cost peanuts that are very similar to what we believe our competitors are.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: On the Foodservice side of the business or for that whole segment, it sounded last quarter that you expected a rebound in profitability in that segment in the second half. Clearly that's not come through this quarter. Do you have any better visibility as to when that business should start to rebound year-over-year in terms of profitability?
Steve Oakland: Yes, we did expect that to be better. And as both Richard and Vince detailed on the call, we're disappointed in the transition difficulties we've had with the Sara Lee business. But we're not disappointed in the strategic value of that business. That business gave us a couple of things that gave us scale in Foodservice and it gave us a proprietary technology base to away-from-home coffee business. So we're convinced those things can deliver what we thought. We are frustrated that we're not there now. I would say we will have some of that impact in the fourth quarter, and we think that the next fiscal year we should see that business start to improve margins and profits.
Operator: And we'll go to David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll - Citi: Richard, you said in the release that in the third quarter, lower commodity costs were a net benefit to gross profits. Overall, given all your comments, do you see this continuing on balance across the company?
Richard Smucker: In general, yes, although we've been pretty stable at this point in time. We don't expect them to drop much more. Coffee is actually starting to get a jump, as you know. So I think we've hit the low point. And now they're, I would call them, stable with the exception of coffee, but we're in a pretty good market position on our coffee purchases.
Mark Belgya: Just to add a couple of other comments. We mentioned that part of the fourth quarter results, we accumulated favorable green costs throughout the year and we constantly talk about the timing of this recognition to costs versus price. And so year-to-date, we continue to recognize the overall favorable cost to pricing. That will flip, particularly in coffee in the fourth quarter and that is a key factor which is driving the fourth quarter results.
David Driscoll - Citi: You made a relatively key statement here in saying that your guidance reduction in the fourth quarter, does it overly negatively influences your thoughts for the next fiscal year, et cetera. But you make the statement in print in the release that lower fourth quarter volumes and a more competitive pricing environment in key categories. I think the big challenge today for all of us on the outside is going to be to understand why those comments would be isolated to the fourth quarter and not something that would percolate into subsequent quarters. Can you give us some thoughts on that?
Richard Smucker: I guess I would go back to Mark Belgya's concluding remarks as we look at our innovation pipeline, we have further supply chain savings. We're lapping a lot of the Sara Lee integration is behind us. We'll have the full year impact of the stock buyback. And I will go back to cost, because our cost structure as we go into the new fiscal year, with the exception of coffee, virtually across the board, we'll have reductions in our overall mix of costs. So we feel very good about what that will allow us to do and maybe be more competitive in certain areas. But again, we'll never be the lowest. We have very strong brands. We never feel that we need to be the lowest in the marketplace and that we'll selectively make decisions about where we spend those funds. But we're very optimistic as we move into the new year.
Operator: And our next question will be from Jonathan Feeney with Janney.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney: When you look at the guidance reduction and really in the context of full year, you gave us some factors, but how much of it is the peanut butter shortfall, how much of it is incremental K-Cup profitability, just trying to give us a sense of just where you were beginning in Q3 and then the change in guidance? What segments of the business are the heaviest down and by what approximate magnitude?
Mark Belgya: This is one of the things when we adjust guidance going in fourth quarter, obviously forces to the fourth quarter. But I think it's important to step back and look at where our expectations were at the end of third quarter. So a big picture, I would say roughly, whatever number you're working with, it's roughly $0.20 of guidance adjustment. About half of that you can attribute to third quarter and half the fourth quarter. When we spoke to you in the last quarter, we were specifically [ph] citing that Consumer Foods and International, Foodservice, Natural Foods segments would drive the very strong third quarter. As you heard this morning, primarily between peanut butter and the adjustment in our Sara Lee business, that really took away the earning. Obviously if you add those back, we'll be well on our way. Now if you look at the fourth quarter then, the key drivers if you're talking about coffee, it shifted cost to price. That's having a significant negative impact. Following the quarter, it's more heavily skewed in coffee. We're continuing to be affected by FX. The Canadian dollar leaked in significantly more than we had built into our plan in the October timeframe.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney: You're getting down to levels of debt to EBITDA here by market historical standards and you had a lot of success making acquisitions. Can you comment about the acquisition environment and your priorities? And maybe failing that, do you borrow and become more aggressive on the share repurchase side, given the low interest rates?
Richard Smucker: Well, those are both things that we look at, Jonathan. Obviously on the acquisition side, we've said this before, we have a number of brands out there that we would love to acquire if they become available for sale. We've been aggressive in pursuing those. But those are like fishing. You don't know if it's good. As far as stock repurchase, I think Mark mentioned back that we have some authorization available right now and we can utilize that if we so desire, and we can go back to our Board and I think our Board will be supportive of making more investment in Smucker's. So both of those we can pursue.
Operator: Our next question will be from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: First question is on coffee. I know you're not ready to comment about '15, but you did make some comments on R&D, innovation, et cetera. Coffee has had a really strong year this year and is a big piece of the pie. So can you just talk a little bit about the expanded relationship with Green Mountain and the new channels that you're entering in dollar and e-commerce? What has changed, when did it change and what do you think the opportunity is there? And if you could just talk a little bit about what you think about the 2.0 benefit that was revealed, that would be helpful.
Mark Smucker: First of all, we do have a fair amount of innovation, a mix of three new items coming into the market in this next fiscal year net. Two of those are the Hispanic initiatives. So we're hoping to support Green Mountain's Hispanic initiative in that sense. So we are optimistic about that. That's good. And as you mentioned, dollar and online channels, we are very optimistic. I wouldn't give specific numbers about those channels. But essentially, we are just now beginning to shift those channels and we are in the dollar channel a significant player. And in the online channel, we are a rapidly growing player. And as you know, K-Cups in the online channel are a big piece of their pie. And so that would be clearly good for us. As it relates to 2.0, obviously we're very excited to be involved in the new system. And as you can imagine, as we said last call, we will participate in that system, including all of the different pots or cups that it will offer. And clearly, I think the way we think about it is it validates our partnership with Green Mountain. We are with a great partner and we're optimistic about that. I think it's going to take some time and this is an aggression more of them as to how long the machine convergence takes and it's going to take some time. But clearly, it validates that we're with the right partner.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: And then distribution in Foodservice that started this quarter and also the timing of when these changes or triggered and why?
Steve Oakland: In the Foodservice market, K-Cups do really well on a couple of segments in lodging and in office coffee. And as you can imagine, Green Mountain has a large install base in the organizations to support that. So the opportunity to work with them to access that install base and to get our brands in front of those consumers in those venues makes sense. We just thought it was a great opportunity. It's just starting. So I believe it's just starting in that space and it'll start this summer in Canada. And we'll very excited about the opportunity, but I would expect that to take a year or two to build.
Vince Byrd: I wanted to make sure we answered your first question. In terms of innovation in coffee and coffee in general, Mark and team have probably over 30 new items that will be launched next year. He was specific to the K-Cup in talking about the two or three. And then I think secondly, I would just reinforce when you ask about the timing of these things, we have a very sound relationship with Green Mountain, and that agreement has continued to evolve since the day we signed it three or four years ago and only continues to get stronger as we evaluate opportunities to add value to their company, our company and to consumers. So I think our party movers are we still feel very comfortable with that relationship and it's getting better and stronger by the day.
Operator: And we'll go to our next question from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe - Stifel: I think there was an earlier question about promotional spending. And I'm just trying to understand maybe, Richard, just the view on the consumer and how they're reacting to some of those more aggressive promotional spending? Is it truly looking volumes and is it something that you may have to go down that road a little more heavily to try and fight against competitors?
Richard Smucker: Obviously we want to make sure that we're priced properly and that we don't lose market share. So when we need to, we will meet competition. And it's been a little more aggressive this fall bake. But we haven't given up margin too much for doing that. And so overall, we feel pretty good where we are. If you looked at our margins, our margins are better than they were at the prior year. But I think you find that true with most consumer food companies. But it really goes by category. I think peanut butter is probably one of the most competitive right now. And that's because we've got some good competition in that area. That being said, our peanut butter volume is still up for the year. So it's going to be competitive out there, but it's not that much different than it has been historically. And we do go through these cycles. So this is not that unusual.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Just a quick second question on retail inventory levels? Kraft said their inventory levels were high for them at retail, maybe even across the industry. Are you seeing any change in the retail inventory levels maybe in the quarter or something you anticipate?
Vince Byrd: No, I can't say that we have seen a significant increase in our customers' inventory levels.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I guess I wanted to drill down a little bit on roast and ground. You said you had some market share gains ex-K-Cup. Where do you think you got those gains from? Maxwell House has been marketing more aggressively and I think that that was a concern that a lot of people had. Do you feel like you're offending them all in your bigger roast and ground?
Mark Smucker: Really we grew share across, as Vince said, all of our key segments, the mainstream premium and instant. But as it relates typically to roast and ground, we have actually been out-taking the category. And so the largest share gains from both us and our number one competitor really have come from private label. And I think that is largely a function of just the price compression in the market that all of our prices are closer together and consumers can't afford to trade up.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: The Foodservice business that you bought from Sara Lee, it doesn't sound like you have any plans to have an asset right down or anything like that. Do you think it can come back? Can you talk a little bit from the topline perspective like what your customers are telling you about this technology that you have that's proprietary, about the benefits of scale? From a customer standpoint, are you getting positive feedback? Do you have any new business wins you can talk about in Foodservice?
Steve Oakland: If you remember, this summer, we started to brand the Folgers and that momentum is just picking up. In fact, we had the best quarter that we've had since we've owned the liquid coffee business in the third quarter. Unfortunately, liquid coffee is only half of that business. And the roast and ground and the private label, all the things that came with the deal, the Sara Lee business. It had been a difficult transition. So it's really two different businesses. Roast and ground has been a very good transition. Yes, there're systems and processes and things that came from Sara Lee that we've had to put on the Smucker's systems. But the core liquid coffee business has been up. It's growing a little faster now. And we think the Folgers brand, now that there is a front-of-house brand in that, we have an opportunity. And we believe we're going to bring a new piece of equipment to market this summer. So we'll have our first new piece of news equipment-wise this summer. So all of those things together make us feel pretty good about it.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: So that's what's driving your optimism for fiscal '15 to get back to growth?
Steve Oakland: Yeah, that's correct. And some of the charts that you saw, a little bit of chart is on the business that was discontinued.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research.
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: If you comment a little more broadly on private label. You talked about a few seconds ago in the ground business, but across the rest of your categories, including specifically K-Cup.
Mark Smucker: I guess when you think about the K-Cup segment, let me talk more in terms of the unlicensed player. So as talked last quarter, we had seen growth there. We expected to see if that noise has continued in the category. Again, I think it's important to point out that we do have some data that would indicate that licensed players actually get higher repeat purchase rates. So that bodes well. But clearly, as we look at K-Cup, we have some pretty consistent that private label, whether it's licensed or unlicensed, could still get into that 10% to 15% range of the category, which is typical for most of our categories.
Paul Wagstaff: Private label hasn't been much of a factor. Obviously it's still a decent player, but there's more of a branded competition that we've been seeing there. On the oil side of the business, again, I think we've done very well there and private label is still very large in that category. And then on the baking side, private label really doesn't have much of a presence there. So overall, it's more of focusing on branded competition than on private label.
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: And I guess they remain in peanut butter, as it has been. Mark, a question for you in that trade accrual adjustment. Do you see all of it flow through the Foodservice segment or International, Foodservice segment, or was that a cash or non-cash item? How do you think about that?
Mark Smucker: It was all through Internationa, Foodservice and National Foods, and it would be because these are promotional programs that are offered to our customer base. They affect the ultimate selling price. It is cash.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Farha Aslam with Stephens, Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc: Two questions, the first regarding innovation. One of your reasons for confidence for next year is your innovation pipeline. Could you share with us kind of how much innovation contributes annually in general and in particular next year how incremental and how much can we expect from innovation?
Mark Belgya: Just the big picture, as we said, when you look at our organic growth rate within our base, the key driver is our target for a long time 1% and we see that. And even last year, I believe I remember the numbers, the way we need to find new products, which are products that came out of a three-year window. It made up 10% of our total sales last year. So that percentage of contribution continue to grow and we feel that will continue. I believe it was in the scripted comments, we have 100 new products for this year. It was on top of 80 or so of the prior year and that's across the brand portfolio. So that's going to continue. That's the kind of metrics that you can think about as we move forward. And I think you'll see key contributions coming next year, which we've touched on a few already this morning.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc: And then in terms of supply chain, the other reason for your confidence that you're not going to have some of the supply chain integration issues. What's the total cost do you think that will flow through sort of these supply chain integration issues that are not extraordinary, but are impacting earnings?
Mark Belgya: I would say, Farha, that from the new Orrville facility that comes online, so we'll get the full year benefit of that. And I think what we said publicly, that's probably about a $10 million contribution. And then as Steve discussed, some of the costs that we've incurred in terms of the Sara Lee transition will go away. I don't think we're really in a position to talk about that. But you can kind of get a sense it's going to three quarters. There is some opportunity there. And then there is just the ongoing focus on our cost structure. We realize the importance of that in today's food space and although we don't have any projects to talk about, it's just ongoing efforts just to look at that.
Vince Byrd: The other announcement that we've made of course is with the acquisition of the Café Bustelo, later in fiscal '15, we'll be rationalizing that facility. And although the benefit will probably be minimal in '15, it will provide some benefit going forward.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc: And did you have the Scottsville facility any kind of incremental cost there that was through the P&L?
Steve Oakland: We have invested heavily in Scottsville. And for the first time, we hope this summer we'll have capacity ahead of demand significantly. So there may be a little bit of overhead weighing on that, but it's going to allow us to promote aggressively in both Foodservice and Retail, something we've not ever really been able to do in that business. And so we're excited to see if we can fill that capacity quickly. But we've expanded the bakery this last year. We're including new production lines in the next several months. And that overhead may weigh on that business a little bit in the first three quarters of the year, but I would hope we fill it up by the end of the year.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: I've got a couple of questions for Mark Smucker on coffee. First, in terms of pricing, as you mentioned, you've seen coffee sort of down a little bit. As we flash forward and think about the pricing environment, clearly K-Cups are much bigger portion of the category today, running up, close to 40% of ground coffee, the competitive dynamics in that set would suggest that price growth in that category is unlikely even in a rising commodity environment. What does this mean for implications on pricing on roast and ground?
Mark Smucker: First of all, I would just remind you that the K-Cup segment, if you think about it versus roast and ground, the cost component that is coffee is very small. Now clearly, it has an impact. You can't discount it, but there is a number of other packaging components and what have you. I think you're correct that pricing in that segment moving up is less likely, but I also think if you go back to what our friends at Green Mountain said on their call, the pricing still seems to be rational. And even though there has been a little more promotional activity, more frequent and so forth, that segment obviously continues to grow and we should see the tiering that exists there. We have some data that would suggest our brands do not support us tiering and we can maintain our price levels at where they're at. So we feel very good about where we are. And then as you know in roast and ground, clearly we always try to be transparent with our customers and we will move on pricing when we need to. That said, the environment in the roast and ground, I don't know that we're ready to commit to saying that the current levels at Arabic are sustained. There has been some fundamental driven with the giants in Brazil, but there's also been a fair amount of speculation in that market. And so I think we need to wait and see what the coffee markets are going to do.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: It's been difficult to get a good feel as to the underlying growth rates of your coffee business, given all the price volatility, et cetera. But if I step back and look at the full five-year cycle, it looks like your volume CAGR has been around negative-1%. This quarter we saw an end to (inaudible) of your coffee business is a category that's away from you? And if not, then why?
Mark Smucker: Are you saying minus-1% for our business and minus-1% for the category?
Jason English - Goldman Sachs: Minus-1% for your compound volume growth rate over five years?
Mark Smucker: No, I would say that minus-1% for the roast and ground in the total category is probably fair. On our business, though, there have been some fluctuations. But of late, we've been growing it. And I would say that I don't think our numbers would match what you're showing. I think we can continue to grow at and we have continued to actually grow our volume in the past few quarters, given all the efforts we put on outpacing that category. But overall, I think we're positioned well to continue to grow in total on coffee.
Richard Smucker: And I would add that obviously our premium segment has grown fairly significantly with our relationship with Dunkin' Donuts and we acquired it. It's under a $50 million and I think it's $350 million or something north of that now. So again, our strategy of participating in all segments has proven to be a good one.
Operator: Next we'll go to Thilo Wrede with Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies: I had two questions for you and I apologize for making the first one a multi-part question. But I think the last time you talked about SG&A spending, you gave us 8% growth guidance. Now you talked it down to 4%. In my math, it's about a 25% benefit to EPS. So the question is, is it correct? And what does it mean for your marketing spending in the fourth quarter, especially with the Olympics?
Mark Belgya: Just to clarify, I think the 4% was representing the increase, not a percent of sales.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies: 8% growth versus now 4% growth? Or did I get my numbers wrong there?
Mark Belgya: In part, that reduction is marketing-driven. We did have much higher expectations from a higher marketing spend. A lot of that reduction is probably due to that. We've also focused on the last six months obviously with the guidance to look upon controllable spending to bring that down as well. We can get offline with the specifics of the breakdown.
Paul Wagstaff: I think from a marketing overall perspective, we feel very good that we've actually had very good execution in our marketing plans, the TV advertising that you've hopefully you've seen of the Olympics so far with the Jif, Smucker's and Crisco on the Folgers brand. Again, we feel very pleased with positioning and where we've seen. We've seen and heard some very good mother-in-law research from consumers that they really enjoyed the spots. So we think it's doing its job and we're pleased with how we've been able to get those in the marketplace and the timing.
Mark Belgya: And I think on coffee as well, same thing. We have been able to do everything that we felt we needed to do this year and support our brands. It is true that some of the marketing dollars, not a lot, has transitioned to more targeted in-store marketing activities that we count at trade.
Richard Smucker: And just to tie that off, our total marketing spending was still up 6% over prior year, which has been a good increase for us.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies: And then the other question I have was on the Smucker's Fruitful product. I've seen that's an interesting line extension for Smucker's. My question is I think Smucker's jams by definition are also highly sweetened food products. So if this product presumably is supposed to be sold to mothers who feed this to their children, does this image of highly sweetened food product, does that create an obstacle for this product to be successful when you consider what the applesauce products that are out there, how they look in terms of added sugar?
Paul Wagstaff: With Fruitful product, actually the Smucker's brand, we've done some really good research on how the consumers see this market brand. And they do see it as a food product. And we do have obviously with our jam and jelly-based sweetened products come with sugar, some with corn syrup and some with artificial sweeteners. But again, we feel that this product that we're launching is that the only ingredient on the label is just fruits. So for example, on the apple version on that, it is just apples. There's nothing that's included. We don't have any other sweetener that's included. So we feel that actually does tie in with what we see the consumers, just from a research perspective, are seeing and giving the Smucker's brand credibility. So we're actually confident that Fruitful will do well and the consumers see it in the right way.
Richard Smucker: And the consumers, really the main thing that they look at the Smucker's brand is trust more than anything else. They trust the Smucker's brand. So that far outweighs the fact that they may see it also in the sweetened product. But trust is the most important attribute.
Operator: Our next question will be from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo: Just in terms of the peanut butter business, just to clarify, have you increased price promotion or reduced prices since you spoke to us last quarter, or is it your intent to continue the volume decline? And do you believe that this cost will improve?
Paul Wagstaff: We've not taken any of the price declines since the last time we've talked. In fact, we felt very good that our price is better than what it was last year. Our promotion and our merchandising actually was better than last year. The competitive nature of that took place in the third quarter going into the fourth quarter. But overall we feel good with where our pricing is for the time being. And again, our volume has actually increased overall. And so it just hasn't increased as much as we'd like to see.
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo: In terms of the coffee, I think you've expressed that part of K-Cups recovery from here is predicated on shake-out of the unlicensed brand. But I think we're now hearing a pretty large private little player is bringing new capacity on line (inaudible) distribution of building. So I guess my question is do you still see the unlicensed shake-out is going to do good, and if it doesn't, how much that impacts your K-Cup acceleration in fiscal 2015?
Mark Smucker: Yeah, there will be some shake-out. Clearly some of the customers have acknowledged a probably too much space in the stores for K-Cups. So there's clearly going to be some rationalization. And the branded players, the licensed players rather could feel some impact of that. That said, I think our confidence goes back to the strength of the Folgers brand. Vince mentioned in his script that Millstone has been impacted. We're working actively to restate that brand. Again, we got a new brand in [ph] Rustello coming into the system. And then just overall, our Folgers branded K-Cup continues to grow.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll - Citi: Mark, this is also for you on coffee. When you look at the traditional ground and roast in the red can, the darn thing is just incredibly iconic. You see it from the moment you walk into the aisle. When you look at the K-Cup boxes, the Folgers K-Cup box, it's not actually red, it's red, yellow, it's got purple on it. It doesn't have the same iconic nature that the red can has? And I'm just curious about your thoughts on shopability and what your customers would tell you? Could you just be a little bit more specific as to what you're going to do to revitalize Millstone?
Mark Smucker: You're right. The red can is iconic. Our core red can business this quarter has been fantastic. I think some of the growth has been tempered by opening price points. But as you pointed out, the packaging is a little different on K-Cup. So two responses. One is that technically our Folgers Gourmet Selections brand. And so the graphics are a little different. They're supposed to be a little more upscale. That said, we're going through another packaging iteration with K-Cups right now. And I think you're going to see several SKUs that are going to convert to core Folgers and you're going to see the other SKUs that are going to have a stronger Folgers presence on shelves. And then as it relates to your Millstone question, we are restaging and repackaging the entire line. As you know, we've gotten out of the bulk business or are just about out of the bulk business. And so that will be primarily a bagged coffee and K-Cup offering much more premium packaging, so it is a packaging, but it is also the support that we're going to be providing for that brand going into the next fiscal year that gives us confidence.
Operator: And we'll go to our follow-up question from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: I want to ask on coffee as well. So have you seen the 2.0 machine and why are you excited about 2.0? What do you think it does to the market opportunity?
Mark Smucker: Clearly, our teams are very engaged with Green Mountain and they are already working on formulating the products that will go into that 2.0 machine. So we're doing small pots. We're going to participate in that. That's what we're very pleased about. And then some of the interactive technology and the ability for that machine to only brew licensed cups is obviously very exciting. I will go back to my prior comment and I think it's going to take some time for that system to come on-stream in a significant way. But for all the reasons I mentioned, we're very excited about it. And again, this partnership with Green Mountain is better than ever and continues to expand.
Mark Belgya: I would just like to go back just to confirm one number that was on an earlier question about the SG&A. It has gone from 8% to 4% and as the year-over-year increase and as I suggested, most of it's driven by the marketing and also the favorable spending in our G&A areas.
Akshay Jagdale - KeyBanc: You mentioned a little bit about retailer reactions. Can you talk specifically about what retailers are telling you? Obviously it's a dynamic category. So what has happened and more recently a lot more is happening with the lawsuit from Treehouse? Can you just summarize the reaction you're seeing and maybe comment a little further on what you said about shelf space? And looks like you're saying some larger is going to reduce the shelf space and it might impact licensed, here is why licensed more than non-licensed, but could you just talk a little about the reaction from retailers?
Mark Smucker: I don't think, first of all, that it's going to impact licensed more than unlicensed. I don't think that is true. I think clearly that quality and cost advantage that the licensed players enjoy are a benefit to them. I can't give you specifics customers that are talking about this. But as you travel or visiting stores, I think you'll notice that there's a difference from one grocery store to the next in terms of how much space they have allocated to the K-Cup section. So I just think that as there is a lot of brands out there, some of the specific items may not be there in a year. And so I think we just need to wait that out and continue to support our brands and trust that our brands hold.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference call back to management to conclude.
Richard Smucker: I would like to thank everybody for being on the call today. We think that we obviously gave different guidance for the quarter, but feel very strong about that we're going to start the new fiscal year and look forward to answering your questions as the queries go on. Thank you very much.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference call. Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 with a passcode of 8975321. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2013-11-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sonal P. Robinson - Vice President of Investor Relations, Director of Corporate Finance and Assistant Secretary Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer and Director Vincent C. Byrd - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Mark R. Belgya - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Steven T. Oakland - President Of International, Foodservice and Natural Foods Paul Smucker Wagstaff - Director and President of U.S. Retail Consumer Foods Mark T. Smucker - Director and President Of US Retail Coffee
Analysts: Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. At this time, I'd like to remind you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the conference over to Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Robinson.
Sonal P. Robinson: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; Vince Byrd, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Oakland, President, International Foodservice and Natural Foods; Mark Smucker, President, U.S. Retail Coffee; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President, U.S. Retail Consumer Foods. Following this introduction, Richard will provide an overview of our second quarter performance. Vince will then provide an update on our business segments, and Mark will close with additional comments on our financial results for the quarter and our outlook for the full year. Before I turn the call over to Richard, let me remind you that we may make forward-looking statements during the call that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risk and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning forward-looking statements. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our new corporate website at jmsmuckers.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please do not hesitate to contact me or Mark Belgya. Let me now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Smucker: Thank you, Sonal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased to have delivered another record quarter in earnings per share. This is a result of our commitment to our long-term strategy, the strength of our brands and the passion of our employees. Let me begin with a few key highlights for the quarter. First, non-GAAP earnings per share increased 5% to $1.52, with lower interest expense and a lower share count benefiting our year-over-year growth. While second quarter EPS slightly trailed our expectations by 1%, we remain pleased with the company's performance through the first half of the fiscal year, particularly in light of the strategic decisions to exit parts of our business, combined with the uncertain macro environment. As we look ahead to the balance of fiscal 2014, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on the earnings guidance that Mark will share with you in a few moments. Second, solid volume results were achieved across much of our business, including Folgers and Dunkin' Donuts coffee, Smucker's Fruit Spreads, Jif peanut butter and Crisco oils. While up in most of our key categories, volume continued to be impacted by the planned product rationalization in our International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment. This, combined with pricing actions taken over the past year, continued to result in expected deflation on the top line. Third, segment profit growth in the U.S. retail segment was closely in line with our expectations, reflecting our previous commentary that the coffee segment profit growth would be front half-loaded, with consumer foods expecting to see strong segment profit growth in the back half. Segment profit for International, Foodservice and Natural Foods was down in the second quarter, primarily reflecting our planned rationalizations. As the impact of these activities begins to decelerate, profit growth in this segment is also expected to be positive in the back half. In addition, some unplanned manufacturing expenses did impact the quarter's results, as Vince will discuss. Lastly, our brand investments remain strong. Marketing will continue to ramp up as we kick off activities in support of our sponsorship of the 2014 Winter Olympics. In addition, we remain on track to launch 100 new products this fiscal year. Let me now take a moment to share a more macro look at the economy and how it's affecting our industry. The U.S. consumer has demonstrated extraordinary resilience over the past 12 to 18 months. The news regarding the fiscal cliff, sequester, debt ceiling and health care has taken a toll on consumer confidence, causing shoppers to take pause before spending. However, for the latest 12-week scan period, which included the government shutdown, total U.S. edible dollars and volume were up slightly compared to the prior year. We remain focused on our strategy of providing value to our consumers across our portfolio and ensuring our products can be found in all the channels that consumers shop and at a fair price. As we enter the back half of our fiscal year, we are in the midst of the important fall bake and holiday period. We are encouraged by the activities to date and continue to be optimistic for a solid conclusion to the holiday season and delivering a strong third quarter of profitable growth. This conviction is supported by several key factors, including the quality marketing and merchandising programs in place across our brands and categories, the ongoing contributions of our strategic growth drivers of innovations and acquisitions and the continued favorable impact in overall commodity cost, which supports our ability to execute on our pricing and promotional strategies. Let me now take a moment to speak to the FDA's recent announcement related to partially hydrogenated oils or PHOs. For the past several years, the food industry in general, and our company specifically, have been responding to changes in consumer preference in this area. We have been actively working toward transitioning PHOs out of the limited number of our categories where the ingredient is still used and anticipate that these will be reformulated prior to the FDA implementing any new rules. As such, we do not anticipate the FDA's recent announcement will impact our business. So in summary, we believe our first half performance, combined with our plans for the back half of the fiscal year, have positioned us to deliver another record year of earnings growth. As always, we want to recognize the dedication of our talented employees, and we thank them for their continued efforts. With that, I'll turn the call over to Vince for an update on our business segments.
Vincent C. Byrd: Thank you, Richard. Good morning, everyone. We remain committed to our key initiatives for fiscal 2014. These include building our brands through investments in marketing and innovation, enhancing our pricing strategies, improving our supply chain and ultimately, managing the business for the long term. Let me provide some commentary on the performance of the segments, focusing on those areas that impacted the quarter and those that will drive our ability to deliver another year of earnings growth. I will begin by summarizing a key few points for U.S. Retail Coffee. We are pleased with the overall volume performance for the segment as the 2% growth came against a strong comp in the prior year. The growth reflects the continuing momentum in our core Folgers business, along with another strong quarter for the Dunkin' Donuts brand, with volume up 11%. Turning to K-Cups. As we have referenced, the category is very dynamic with many new competitors and offerings. It is our view that consumers are using this time period to experiment with new flavors and brands. With that said, the performance of our K-Cup business was below our expectations for the quarter, with volume up 4% and sales flat to the prior year. We are seeing an increasing disparity between the results of our 2 K-Cup brands. Folgers Gourmet Selection, which represented approximately 80% of our 2013 K-Cup sales, were up 9% in sales for the quarter. In addition, we are pleased that the repeat purchase rates for this well-known and trusted brand remain strong. Conversely, we are seeing sales decline for our Millstone K-Cup offerings. As a brand that is less widely recognized, we believe Millstone has been impacted more significantly from the influx of competitor entries into the category. Given these dynamics, we are lowering our full year K-Cup sales expectation to mid-single digit percent growth for 2014. However, we continue to believe that, ultimately, K-Cup brands that invest in the consumer and the category and offer a high-quality product will be the long-term winners. To that end, we remain positive about our K-Cup business and our relationship with Green Mountain Coffee Roasters over the long term, given innovation yet to come. In addition, we will begin distributing K-Cups in new channels, including the dollar class of trade and the e-commerce channel, by the end of the fiscal year. We also have plans in place to launch 3 new varieties in fiscal 2015, all of which are expected to support further growth. Turning now to the coffee segment profit. Our price-to-cost relationship continued to have a positive impact on both the segment and the company's financial results compared to the prior year. This is consistent with our expectation for the front-loaded segment profit growth in fiscal 2014. We expect to continue to utilize various pricing levers to pass along the benefit of lower green coffee cost to our customers and consumers. The impact of these actions, in combination with record profits in the last 6 months of fiscal 2013, is expected to result in segment profit being relatively flat over the remainder of fiscal 2014 in comparison to the prior year. As we have indicated previously, these price-to-cost timing impacts will continue to affect quarterly year-over-year comparisons. Our focus remains on managing the profitability over the fiscal year and on a long-term basis. To that point, we have delivered year-over-year segment profit growth each fiscal year since owning the business. Let me conclude my comments on coffee with a brief update on the supply chain. During the second quarter, we acquired the lease rights and certain other assets associated with the Silocaf operation located in the Port of New Orleans, where the majority of our green coffee purchases are received. The previous owners will continue to operate the facility on our behalf. We believe the Silocaf operations provide a competitive advantage for our coffee business, and this strategic investment allows us to solidify our control over this important component of our green coffee supply chain. Let me now shift to the consumer foods segment and start the discussion with fruit spreads and peanut butter. During the key back-to-school promotional period, we saw volume gains for Smucker's Fruit Spreads, Jif peanut butter and Smucker's Uncrustables frozen sandwiches, with new products contributing to the growth. While volume was up across our PB&J business, profitability was down. Much of this decline was anticipated, reflecting our previously -- decisions to lean into price declines in advance of recognizing lower commodity costs within peanut butter and the anticipated supply chain's savings within fruit spreads. In addition, temporary incremental costs were also incurred during the second quarter related to the final phase of our startup of the new manufacturing facility in Orrville. However, we believe these costs are now behind us as we remain on track to complete this project by the end of the calendar year and realize the incremental targeted cost savings. Further, in peanut butter, we expect to realize the benefit of lower peanut cost for the remainder of the fiscal year. We anticipate this will be a key driver for consumer foods, recognizing segment profit growth in the back half of the fiscal year, mostly offsetting the declines realized through the first 6 months and stabilizing margins for the coming year. In the bake aisle, volume was up for Crisco oils, reflecting the brand's return to a key retailer's bake center this holiday season. Offsetting these gains were volume declines in flour, baking mixes and private label canned milk, where we either changed our promotional strategy to improve margin or chose not to meet aggressive competitive pricing. Overall, for the consumer foods segment, our focus on brand building and innovation continued to be a key contributor to the quarterly results. This includes a strong initial performance of our recently launched Jif Whips product line, as well as ongoing contribution from Pillsbury Baking items and Smucker's Natural Fruit Spreads. As Richard indicated, the company is on track to launch approximately 100 new items this year, with nearly half of those products coming from consumer foods. Let me conclude with International, Foodservice and Natural Foods, where a number of planned and unplanned events, primarily in our Foodservice business, impacted comparability for the segment. Most notably for the quarter was the planned decrease in Uncrustable sales, resulting from last year's strategic decision to exit the USDA commodity peanut butter program for schools. The volume and profit impact of this exit was relatively higher in the second quarter as it reflects the seasonal ordering patterns associated with the start of a new school year in addition to the strong comps a year ago. While our retail Uncrustables net sales increased 25% in the quarter, it did not fully absorb the lost volume associated with schools. The profit impact resulted from the net decline in Uncrustables volume, along with startup costs associated with the new bakery at our Scottsville facility, caused the overall Uncrustable business to negatively impact the company's results for the quarter. Uncrustables accounted for more than 1/2 of the year-over-year decline in the segment profit for the International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment, while also contributing slightly to the decline in the Consumer Foods segment. However, with continued growth anticipated for this product and retail channel and our cost structure expected to improve, we remain confident in the long-term profitability of our Uncrustable business. As you know, we continue to invest in the capacity of our Scottsville facility, including the new bakery, which will support the expected growth for this product line. The other key area in the segment that impacted year-over-year volume and segment profit comparisons was the previously announced exit of the private label coffee foodservice business. The second quarter impact was in line with our expectations and remain on track to complete this transaction by the end of the calendar year. Importantly, liquid coffee concentrate, the key product acquired from Sara Lee, realized volume gains during the quarter, including the initial contributions from the launch of Folgers liquid coffee in foodservice. Related to this business, during the second quarter, both Smucker and D.E Master Blenders mutually exercised their right to terminate our multiyear innovation partnership due to a change in control of D.E Master Blenders. We have a transition in place and the parties continue to collaborate as we look to reframe the partnership as we move ahead. We do not anticipate any significant P&L impact from exiting the innovation partnership. Let me also comment on the results from the Cumberland distribution agreement that began in the first quarter, along with the recent acquisition of Enray Inc. We are pleased with the initial performance of both businesses, which are modestly contributing to EPS results. Specific to Enray, a significant focus over the short term will be on the integration of the sales and distribution network. We expect to complete this work by the end of the fiscal year, allowing us to further push out on the potential for this business. Finally, within this segment, as we entered the third quarter, the profit impact from Uncrustables rationalization is expected to decelerate due to the seasonality of the business. In addition, the unfavorable manufacturing variances that impacted our second quarter results are not expected to repeat. Combined with the strong fall bake anticipated in our Canadian business, we expect the segment to achieve strong profit growth in the third quarter. In closing, with the events that negatively affected our second quarter results mostly behind us, we are proceeding through the holiday season with robust brand-building activities in place across all of our businesses. These include great new advertising, product innovations and support behind our Olympics sponsorship. In addition, these initiatives will be complemented by our merchandising plans and pricing strategies, all of which makes us optimistic for solid conclusion to this period. I'll now turn the call over to Mark to discuss our consolidated results.
Mark R. Belgya: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Net sales decreased $69 million or 4% in the quarter, primarily reflecting a 4% reduction in net price realization. Excluding the impact of the planned rationalizations in our foodservice business, volume was down 1% in the quarter. Favorable mix added 1 percentage point of growth as did acquisitions. GAAP earnings per share were $1.46 this quarter and $1.36 in the second quarter of last year, reflecting the ongoing decrease in restructuring costs. Excluding special project costs, which are defined in our press release, earnings per share were $1.52 this quarter and $1.45 last year, an increase of 5%. Included in our EPS for the quarter was approximately $0.04 of temporary incremental cost. Last year's results included a $10 million loss from unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on derivative contracts compared to a $2 million loss this year. This contributed to gross profit, excluding special project costs, increasing $11 million or 2%. Gross margin improved 220 basis points compared to the prior year. Operating income declined 1% for the quarter as the gain in gross profit was more than offset by a 5% increase in SD&A expenses, reflecting a 10% increase in general and administrative expenses. The majority of this 10% increase was the result of the prior year's costs being favorably impacted by our cost savings program. Marketing spend was up 2% in the quarter. We now expect marketing to be up in the mid to high single-digit percent range for the full year, with much of the cost related to the Olympic sponsorship occurring in the back half of the year. That said, we're very pleased with where we stand to date with our Olympic marketing activities. During the second quarter, we entered into an interest rate swap related to $750 million of our long-term debt, allowing us to effectively convert a portion of our fixed rate debt to variable while benefiting from favorable market conditions. As a result, we now anticipate full year net interest expense of nearly $80 million compared to our original projection of nearly $93 million. A portion of the benefit was recognized during the second quarter. Turning to cash flow. Cash provided by operations was $86 million in the quarter compared to $183 million last year. This decline primarily reflects a higher level of accounts receivable collections in last year's second quarter, along with a decrease in certain accrued liability balances in the current year. Current assets also increased, reflecting a swing in the mark-to-market value of certain derivatives. Capital expenditures were $47 million in the quarter. This resulted in free cash flow of $39 million for the second quarter, bringing the total to $85 million for the 6 months of 2014. Due to anticipated shift in timing related to certain capital projects, we expect CapEx for the year in a range from $250 million to $270 million based on project start dates. Our full year free cash flow target remains $600 million, with a significant amount of the full year estimate being realized in the third quarter. Let me conclude our prepared comments by updating the full year sales and EPS outlook. We continue to expect volume for our U.S. Retail segments to increase approximately 2% over the prior year, with volume for International, Foodservice and Natural Foods expected to be down in the mid-single digit percent range resulting from the planned business rationalizations. We expect 2014 net sales will decrease approximately 2% from the prior year compared to our recent guidance of being down 1%. The lower guidance is driven in large part by our reduced outlook for K-Cups, second quarter sales coming in short of expectations and the impact of foreign exchange. We are maintaining our outlook for non-GAAP income per share in the range of $5.72 to $5.82. The range now reflects the benefits of the interest rate swap, offset by slightly lower expectations at the operating income level. We anticipate essentially all the back half EPS growth will fall into the third quarter, with EPS for the fourth quarter expected to be relatively flat compared to the record fourth quarter in the prior year. In closing, let me reiterate that we're confident in our ability to deliver another year of earnings growth. With that, we will open the call up to your questions. Operator, can you please queue up the first question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: When we look at the Canadian Thanksgiving that's already occurred, I think you really sold into that Thanksgiving. And then as you enter this fall bake, could you describe to us the competitive environment and where you think Smucker's is doing particularly well and where you think that the competitive pressure is more difficult?
Steven T. Oakland: Sure. Farha, Steve Oakland. We did start off great and it's interesting, because this year, our Canadian Thanksgiving shipped mostly at the end of our first quarter, and then our Christmas shipments in Canada are going to ship early here in our third quarter. So a couple of key events with Canada's largest retailer on our canned milk business and our Robin Hood Flour business are all set and ready to ship here in the third quarter. So we think shares, and quite frankly sell through, for Canadian fall bake had been great. They just sort of jumped over the second quarter. They hit the first quarter, and they're heading now in the third quarter.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Farha, Paul Wagstaff here. Just from the U.S. retail perspective on fall bake, we're actually optimistic on how things are going so far. Our pricing is better this year than it was last year. The oil business continues to do well. We're in one of our key retailers on the bake center, so we feel good about that. We have a lot of new items that we've launched in the baking side, and those seem to be going -- doing very well. So overall, we feel good about our merchandising in place for fall bake.
Mark T. Smucker: Farha, this is Mark Smucker. I'll chime in. Basically, I think we feel very good. Again, it comes back to the merchandising activities and the price points that we've got in place through the fall period. And I think we're very well positioned and our share results are decent. And so I think even looking at some of the shorter periods, we're feeling very good about the next couple months.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Great. And my follow-up is, as of, I believe, the last quarter, you said that the decline in coffee costs wasn't significant enough for you to take another pricing cut, but you'd pass along the savings to consumers via promotions. Coffee costs have continued to decline. Do you still plan to keep price points on shelf and just promote, or do you anticipate a need for a decline in coffee costs on shelf?
Mark T. Smucker: Farha, this is Mark Smucker again. I guess I'll frame it in. I think you said it very well yourself. As we've looked and we've talked about this the last couple quarters, the green coffee costs have come down reasonably significantly, but also gradually. And so as a result, rather than waiting for some of the costs to cross what we would consider our key thresholds to take a meaningful, more broad list price decline, we have chosen in the sphere of transparency to invest in promotional spending to get to those key price points through this period. And normally, I -- we wouldn't comment on any of our future pricing actions. But I think that, as we've said, we're very well positioned where we are today.
Operator: And next, we'll go to David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You had an interesting comment in your press release, the benefit -- I just want to read it -- the benefit of lower commodity cost has provided us with the flexibility to further support our value proposition. Can you just expand on that and just talk about -- a little bit about price volume, elasticity? How favorable do you see this going forward? And then maybe just a specific comment about consumer foods related to lower input costs.
Vincent C. Byrd: David, this is Vince Byrd. The comment specifically is if you go back a couple years ago when our commodity costs were rising, I think, at that time, we were reaching price points that were probably beyond some consumers' reach, as well as our gaps were growing significantly. And again, about a little over 1.5 years ago, we really tried to work on closing those gaps, leaning into pricing and make sure we're doing a better job of managing those and hence, why we believe our U.S. retail branded volume was up 2% for the quarter and basically, year-to-date. And so it is all about managing and passing on those costs so that we can reach those consumers where maybe they had not been able to afford some of our product offerings in the past. And then I think Paul has already spoken to, but he can speak to a number of his categories.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes, David, Paul Wagstaff here. And looking at the consumer foods area, as Vince mentioned, we did lean into a lot of -- into pricing on some of our key categories. So for example, we took pricing down on peanut butter back in January of last year. We leaned into that ahead of some of the commodity cost decline. We're just going to -- we're anticipating on peanuts. We did the same thing for fruit spreads, leaning into that. And then also, on oils, we've been more aggressive on the pricing and getting ahead of that commodity cost decline that we've seen overall. So we feel, as Vince mentioned, we're very well positioned where our pricing is today, and the commodity costs are getting back to the more normalized position relative where our cost is.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: One follow-up on fall bake. So I think I understood the Canadian piece of it. But in the U.S. piece of the fall bake story, was there a shift of some of the shipments from second quarter into the third quarter?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Not a whole lot, frankly. We see most of that staying within the second quarter. So there'll be some bleed over into the third quarter, but primarily, the second quarter is where we anticipate it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was just looking at cash flow, and it's down significantly from last year. And I just wanted to know how you're thinking about cash flow for the balance of the year. Is this going to be a down year? And why would that be if -- since commodities are down quite a bit, I would've thought that the working capital would be a benefit to cash flow.
Mark R. Belgya: It's Mark Belgya. Understand the question. I think there's a couple things. In terms of the cash flow for the year, free cash flow for the year, we're still staying with our $600 million. And at the beginning of the year, we explained that, that was down from last year and that was due to an increase in our CapEx spending. Specific to the commodities, what we saw last year in the second quarter is we were facing a situation with our coffee canisters supplier, where we actually were running very thin on finished good inventories and actually, were also running a little thinner that we'd like on peanut butter. So we saw this big benefit in the second quarter of inventories being below what we would say our normal run rate levels. So we're back to where we would -- or are much more comfortable from a service level. And so some of what you have seen in the cost savings side, if you will, coming from lower commodity costs, have been offset in the volume side as we've rebuilt these inventories. But the big picture, I think, is, is that we're still holding to the free cash flow amount of $600 million. We're still holding to our target that we put out for 2017 of $850 million. And I think, as we might have commented on the last quarter, last 2 calls, we still think there's some opportunity to pick up in working capital, and we'll continue to work on that on a go-forward basis.
Richard K. Smucker: Couple things. This is Richard. Just to let you know, we're looking very closely, we always do, at working capital. And we're going to continue to make sure that it's the right levels. And so we have a number of initiatives to make sure we keep that at the -- where we want it to be. So as we go forward, I think we're going to be scrubbing that a little harder.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. Maybe a quick follow-up, since it's my first call, so I'll take advantage. On the K-Cup guidance coming down, what do you think your next steps will be with relation to Keurig? I understand they're coming out with a new system next year. Will you develop capsules or pods that are adaptable to it? And as you look into fiscal '15, do you think you can reaccelerate and get closer to a growth rate that's similar to the growth of that category?
Mark T. Smucker: Okay. Robert, this is Mark Smucker. Thanks for the question. First of all, let me just comment on the dynamic of the current environment in the category, which is that, as you know, many unlicensed participants have impacted the share of all of the licensed participants in the category. And a lot of that is generated by just the trials that the consumer is looking at new products, that there is some pipeline fill of some of those unlicensed brands getting new distribution. And so we are not surprised by that dynamic, but I guess we were -- obviously, our results were below where we would expect them to be. Going forward, we do still highly value the relationship with Green Mountain. And any new innovations that they would bear to market, we would participate in, and that would be our assumption. So whether it's any new machine or whatever it is that they're thinking about, we would be confident that we would be participating in that. And then, further, I think we're not going to get back to probably the growth levels that we had seen. Even this quarter, if you recall, our prior year comp was almost double. And so we are coming off of a very big comp. But as you look forward, the combination of our brand support, the strength of our Folgers brand, the fact that we're launching 3 new items, our participation in these new channels, including an imminent Millstone brand relaunch, all of those things, coupled with the collaboration and participation in Green Mountain system, I think gives us confidence that we're going to continue to lead in the category.
Operator: And now, we'll go to Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about competition in the non-K-Cup part of the coffee segment, maybe breaking apart mainstream coffee from the premium segment? It looks as though some of the competitors have got maybe a little bit more aggressive on pricing on the premium side. And I'm curious about what you're seeing in competitive dynamics in mainstream as well.
Mark T. Smucker: Alexia, this is Mark Smucker again. Thanks, again, for the question. Actually, we're feeling very good as well about our roast and ground business. In the mainstream segment, really, the areas that have – you've seen some of the declines both in private label and in our opening price point offerings, which is driving, of course, consumers back to the core branded business. Our share trends x K-Cup are actually pretty solid. And although, in the period, we didn't grow quite as much of the category, we were up over the prior quarter, so the Q1 numbers and the very short 4-week period gives us some hope as well that our pricing and merchandising strategies are right. So I think it is a competitive segment. We feel we're very well positioned. And then on the premium side, I think it's just as good, if not better of a story. Just on Dunkin', we're up 11% on Dunkin'. And so that, again, validates our merchandising and pricing strategy. It's a noisy space right now, but we feel confident in the number of brands we have and the different tiers that we're doing very well and will continue to.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Great. And a quick follow-up, on the foodservice business, I know it's smaller, but do you anticipate getting back to profit growth in that segment by the fourth quarter when you anniversary some of those exits or is it a longer-term issue?
Steven T. Oakland: Alexia, Steve. Actually, I think we'll see some in the third quarter. Much of what we saw, both the Uncrustable startup, if you look back at last year, we had a huge Uncrustable quarter in the second quarter last year. So the seasonal nature of that, the fact that we announced it to our customers in the third quarter, that business started to drop off. So we've got a much bigger hump to climb on -- or a much smaller, excuse me, hill to climb on the Uncrustable in the quarter. We've got the results from both the Orrville startup, which quite frankly hit us in the early part of the second quarter, the operating rates, and the end of the quarter and early in this quarter look great. So we feel like our foodservice business will bounce back in the third quarter, actually.
Vincent C. Byrd: And just before we go to the next question, this is Vince Byrd, I think we need to try to clarify David's question relative to any potential shift between the second, third quarter as it relates to the holidays. As we all know, there's one less week between Thanksgiving and Christmas this year. But to Paul's point, there was not a significant shift in our products between the second and what we anticipate for the third quarter because a lot of those merchandising programs were basically set or pulled in by the retailer, sort of consistent with last year. So not a significant shift between our shipments this year compared to the prior year. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Next we'll go to Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just had a question for you in relation to -- there's been a wider practice across the industry from the retailers of reducing inventory levels. We've seen it sporadically from other food companies. So I just was just curious if you saw any change in inventory levels in some of your key businesses? It sounds like to your point there, Vince, there was no real change in shipments around seasonal merchandise, but I'm curious overall in inventory levels at retail, if those have changed.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes. Chris, this is Vince. And although we have seen that historically, we did not see that occur in this particular quarter.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I just had a question, and maybe a question to Mark about the gross margin. And you've been talking about a more aggressive level of gross margin increase, maybe as much as 250 basis points. And so I wanted to understand if that was still a good number to use. If you said that, I'm sorry I missed it. And then in relation to that, just the phasing of input costs across the second half of the year and how that could influence, say Q3 versus Q4, if there's anything unique to the gross margin performance in those 2 quarters?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. Chris, this is Mark. In terms of the 250 basis points, that still is a good number or growth rate to consider. I guess I would just point out in the spirit of transparency, it is a combination of the sales going up -- down 2% versus the 1%, so a lower top line number, and then somewhat an offsetting profit number. But the overall gross profit margin growth is 250 basis points. In terms of the cost, there's nothing significantly different. I mean, I think as Mark mentioned earlier, the commodity costs in coffee have gradually come down. And then in peanuts, where we're obviously realizing the lower costs. So between the Q3 and the Q4, costs alone aren't having a significant impact one versus the other quarter. But that said, and just to reiterate one of the scripted comments is our third quarter will be the driver of the last 2 quarters.
Operator: Next we'll go to Thilo Wrede with Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: First question I have for you was more of a housekeeping question. Are you still expecting to increase your marketing spend 10% this year? And also, with the trans fat decision at the FDA, does that have any impact on your R&D spend going forward to get these trans fats out of your products?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, this is Mark Belgya. Again, I think we might have mentioned it earlier, but we're going to come in probably mid to upper single digits on the marketing for the year, which obviously will put a significant amount in the second half, but we're going to be just a little bit lower. But we're really pleased, in particular, around our Olympic spend to date and the advertising and marketing activities associated with that. So even though we're going to be down probably a couple of percentage points from the 10%, we still feel very good about the marketing support across all lines of business.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Thilo, this is Paul Wagstaff. And on the PHO question, the FDA announcement, no, that's not going to have an impact on our R&D spending. We've been working on getting those -- that product, that ingredient out of our products for years now, and so it's really no impact to us.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then the other question I had was, this was the second time that you lowered the top line outlook for the year. How does that jive with the comment that the consumer is resilient? I'm a little bit surprised by your description of the consumer there.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, this is Richard. A couple of things. We have -- if you look at our core categories, we're actually up in tonnage. But the biggest impact on our top line is just the deflation that we've taken this past year. And so we are taking down 1 percentage point from what we originally said last time. But most -- majority of that is the deflation, and where we stand in pricing and promotions, as opposed to our business, is very solid.
Mark R. Belgya: This is Mark Belgya again. And just, I guess, specific to the company then, of course, we've taken down our K-Cups some, so that's affecting us and sort of setting the resiliency of the consumer side.
Operator: And now, we'll take a question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Question on cash flow. I was surprised to see that you didn't repurchase any shares this quarter. Can you talk about the rationale behind that?
Mark R. Belgya: Sure, Jason. This is Mark Belgya. Well, I think as we are consistently around buybacks, would say a couple things. One is, we sort of target roughly a couple percentage points a year, which is roughly 2 million shares. We bought back 1.5 million in the first quarter. And quite candidly, our stock price hit an all-time record in the second quarter. So we do look at it, and then -- as it relates to the stock price. But I think certainly then, as we've put in our cash flow, we've spent over $100 million in our acquisitions of Enray and Silocaf, so there were some specific cash needs as well during the quarter.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: M&A ambitions. I think coming out of back-to-school, a lot of people were speculating that you could be more active in M&A going forward. Can you talk about your appetite today and maybe what you're seeing out there in the potential deal flow?
Richard K. Smucker: Well, this is Richard. And you're right, we have -- we continue to have an appetite. As you know, acquisitions are lumpy. We have a number of brands out there that we'd be very interested in. We've made a number of contacts, which we have all the time, kind of keep our lines in the water. But none of those have hit, except for Enray in the last quarter. But that was actually a very nice acquisition. It's an enabling acquisition, and it's actually doing very well for us. But I think as we go forward, you're going to see, especially at interest rates this low, more acquisition activity and probably higher prices. So we want to make sure that we are doing the right acquisitions at the right price. So there have been a few that we've walked away from because the prices have been too high. And we think a great brand at a bad price is still a bad acquisition. So we're going to continue to be in the market out there. And I think in the next, hopefully, 18 months or so, we'll have something else in our portfolio.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jonathan Feeney with Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask about price elasticity, particularly, one would think, with the -- certainly, you saw the reversal of those significant increases in peanut butter pricing result in major category recovery. Are -- now that coffee prices are coming down, is that stimulating the category, and should we expect that to continue to? And just an update on that phenomenon in peanut butter, which is still -- you're still growing Jif, but at a little bit of deceleration sequentially.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes. John, this is Paul Wagstaff. No, from a peanut pricing perspective, again, as I mentioned earlier, we leaned into pricing, trying to get the price right on shelf, which we believe we have. It's the right thing to do. We feel comfortable where pricing is right now, and the results and the volume that we've seen, the growth we've seen on the Jif business is solid. And so going forward, we don't anticipate taking any more pricing action in the near term.
Mark T. Smucker: And Jonathan, this is Mark Smucker, just on coffee. I think you need to separate K-Cups just for a minute and think about the core category. I think, generally speaking, there is a little bit of stimulation in the -- just in volume because of the pricing being more in line with some of the historical, as well as the fact that because the costs have moderated gradually, competition is more or less on a level playing field, we believe, and that creates healthy competition and growth.
Vincent C. Byrd: And this is Vince, and maybe one other data point that might help you think about the elasticities. But as we go back to those price gaps that we referred to earlier, if you look over the latest share of market report, basically, private label is actually down in 7 of the 9 categories that we participate. So again, an indication that those gaps and those elasticities are working, in this case, in our favor as the brand leader.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I get you. But I guess as a follow-up, you saw some significant volume headwinds, right, as you had -- were forced to take prices up. And I'm just thinking here particularly of the peanut butter category. So are you -- it looks to me like you're not really back to your sort of high watermark there, nor is the category. So I guess maybe the question is, from this point on, does the category just grow at a population level? Or are we still in this kind of volume recovery mode where a lot of the stock up activity you'd expect in this category that came to a complete halt and reversed itself, say 18 months ago, is now kind of happening a little bit more at the margin and we've seen -- you a saw very strong result? Are we now back to like below single digit category outlook from that perspective?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Well, Jonathan, Paul here again. I think peanut butter, from a long-term growth perspective, it's been pretty much in single-digit growth for a while now. It's low -- we grew 2% roughly. Again, keep in mind, we had a downsize of our 18 ounce to 16 ounce, so that impacted what you're seeing in some of the volume numbers, even though cases were up closer to 8%. But bottom line, we're also having a lot of new products enter the category from our perspective, and I think those are doing well. So we should see some continued growth on the peanut butter category, and we feel comfortable with the growth level that we've seen so far.
Operator: And now we'll move on and take a question with Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I may have missed this in your prepared remarks. Can you help us quantify the impact of the one-time investments in Uncrustables and fruit spread plants in the quarter?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, Ken, it's Mark Belgya. We did say that it's about $0.04, and that would be manufacturing-related, overhead absorption-related activities at those facilities.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then on green coffee costs, Starbucks -- or a representative from Starbucks recently said they think green coffee costs were close to their [indiscernible] because they're below the cost of some farmers' production. I'm curious, to what extent perhaps, I guess, you share that view?
Mark T. Smucker: Sure, Ken. It's Mark Smucker. It is true. Let me start with the -- your latter comment first. It is true that coffee production costs in several countries are below. I would say that's maybe not true across the board, but that is the case. And then you may have seen, there have been -- some governments have actually provided some support for farmers. Obviously, we continue to work on our sustainability initiatives as well, a few of which definitely helped some of the farmers in some targeted areas. So I think that is true. As to whether the coffee is at its low point, I think our view is that it is probably relatively close. And having said that, there are -- there's a lot of coffee out there. Just fundamentally, there's just a lot of arabica in the market. There's a reasonable amount of robustas out there. And so we would -- our view would be that, relatively, in this range, within a $0.20 range or so, we're going to probably remain for some time.
Operator: And now we'll go to Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: I'd like to revisit, from a different perspective, the idea of consumer resiliency and these declining prices in some of your categories. What are you seeing and what can you manage in terms of the customer trading up as overall cost structure comes down, say in coffee or the nut butters, and how's that expected to influence your margin over the next 12 months?
Vincent C. Byrd: Chuck, this is Vince. I'll start and look to the team to provide color. But I think if you -- a very good example is when we had the run up of coffee costs 2 years ago, when arabica topped off at over $3, we saw a significant shift in our roast and ground business from the core holders to what we would call our opening price points. So again, that was a shift to a lower-cost offering for our consumer. At that time, we're asking our consumers to pay over $14 for a can of Folgers, where the OPP might have been, say 75% or 50% of that. Today, with the decline in the pricing that Mark spoke to earlier, we're able to get those core prices back down and consumers can now, I'll say, trade back up to or get back to where they were previously to some of the core Red Can, and our OPP, for example, would be down right now compared to where it was 2 years ago. So I think that's a great example of where the consumer has responded to our offerings. The good news is, we have offerings in all those spaces for them to make their choices. So with that, I don't know if -- I'll look to the team to see if they have any more additional to add. But again, I think, I will say one other thing on peanut butter. We were actually very pleased that the overall category, where the volume remained 2 years ago when we had the run-up of the peanut costs, and that -- we would suggest that, that was resilient at that point. So now that we have some of the price declines that Paul spoke to, we feel very good that the category is going to continue to grow in the future.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes. I might just add, and this is kind of tangent to what Vince said. But we've had probably more deflation in our company than a number of other food companies because our 2 largest categories, coffee and peanut butter, had huge declines in the commodity costs, which we reflected. And so maybe some other food companies haven't had as many of their commodity costs come down. It shows up more in our top line than it might in other companies, but I think we've protected it on the bottom line.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Do you need to use [ph] promotion and new product intros to nudge the customer up into, call it, more upscale products?
Vincent C. Byrd: This is Vince. Well, sure, I mean, all of our new products -- so we're not necessarily trying to trade them up. In some cases, we may be trying to give them an offering that fills the void that we may not have within the marketplace, so we look at all ends of the spectrum. But I think back to your original question, Chuck, about why we feel going forward, if you look at where we grew some of our core items, where we didn't grow were very conscious decisions about managing the bottom line like on a promotional strategy around our cake, or we just chose not to meet a very competitive pricing, such as flour, during the period. So the teams are clearly focused on driving the volume and managing our price point and promotional strategy is the key to that.
Richard K. Smucker: We're also seeing -- this is Richard again. We're also seeing, Chuck, that there's a group of consumers out there that are willing to buy the premium gourmet products. And this is the split between kind of the haves and the have-nots. And so higher price products continue to do well and specialty products continue to do well and then the value products continue to do well, and we participate in both and want to have the right price points for all those levels of consumers. So we're seeing growth in both those -- both categories.
Operator: And next we'll go to Akshay Jagdale.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to talk a little bit about the current dynamics in the single serve space and how you might -- how you see it playing out and sort of what you're hearing from the retailer, because I mean, you are the largest coffee company in the United States, so I assume you get a very good understanding, even from the retailer, as to what's going to happen. So if I could ask it in like 3 parts. One is, shelf space, overall single serve. What do you expect the shelf space allocation to go to from where we are today? I mean, is it still going to grow and perhaps by how much? Secondly, on share. Share largely is a function of trial and repeat, and it seems like the repeat rates for licensed brands are much higher, much higher than the non-licensed brands. One, is that correct? And two, will that result in share gains over a period of time once consumers revert to just trying what they love and trust? And then the third thing is just on pricing. I mean, how do you view the pricing dynamic to play out in single serve?
Mark T. Smucker: Okay, Akshay. Mark Smucker here. Thanks for the question. So let me start with your second question first, which is around share. You're absolutely right. We mentioned that earlier. We do have data that supports repeat rates on licensed brands being above those of the unlicensed. We do believe there will be a settling out. So what I mean by that is the shelf space is -- it depends on the customer or the region. There are some customers that probably have much less shelf space allocated and there's a few customers that have actually acknowledged that they have gone maybe too far and have actually allocated too much shelf space. So I can't answer how much shelf space is right generally because every store is a different size and so forth. But I think you are seeing customers continuing to experiment with that set, as well as consumers continuing to experiment with the new brands out there. So I believe -- we believe that as we go forward, there will be some settling out, and we do believe that our share, although we may not get a share that is equivalent to a roast and ground share, we do believe that over the next year or 2, with this settling out and the strength of our brands, some of the things that I spoke about earlier, that we will be able to maintain and even come back to some share growth. But right now, there's just so much noise in the category that we think that we have to sort of weather through this key period and we'll see what happens in the springtime. And then finally, on pricing, the unlicensed folks have come in, generally speaking, where we expected them to, and the price gaps that we are seeing in the marketplace are equal to or better than what we're seeing in the roast and ground space. So again, still feeling optimistic about the category.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just a follow-up. I mean, what are -- in terms of where this -- in the dynamics of somewhat being different than you expect, obviously, your sales numbers are a little bit lower. Is it just that the trial, meaning the number of non-licensed participants coming on to the shelf has been much larger than you expected or is it something else? If you could explain that. And what's the retailer thinking? I mean, how do you think -- what are the retailers telling you in terms of the licensed versus non-licensed dynamic?
Mark T. Smucker: Well, I think that, quite frankly, we did expect a very large influx of unlicensed folks. I don't think that was surprising to us. I think maybe what we underestimated a little bit was the amount of noise and trial generation that exists in the marketplace. I think the retailer, quite frankly, is still learning as well. I don't -- I think I sort of already spoke to that, but I think I really couldn't add anything to that other than it's a period of trial and we're all learning.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one last one on M&A. Related to your Sara Lee foodservice acquisition, can you just give us a snapshot and time right now? There's a lot of moving parts that the private label business, you were going to exit it right away, then you held onto some and now you're exiting again. Where -- when do we expect the $0.10 in accretion from that business? And can you just give us a snapshot as to the mix of that business today and what it was when you bought it?
Steven T. Oakland: This is Steve Oakland. Let me comment on the mix of the business today, first of all. First of all, the jewel in that business was its liquid concentrate coffee business, right, under the Douwe Egberts brand. And that business, where -- what I'm pleased to say is, is up year-to-date in volume. Obviously, the net sales are down a little bit because of the pricing dynamics we've talked about on coffee. But we feel that business is in great shape, and we have just, this summer, launched the Folgers brand. As you know, although Douwe Egberts, a well-recognized global brand, was not a well-recognized North American brand. So we brought Folgers liquid into the foodservice space. Quite frankly, and I think we talked about this a year or so ago, along with that business, we felt it was our really responsibility to our customer base to transition that private label business properly as Sara Lee went away. And so yes, that's taken us longer. The largest customer, quite frankly, of that business is on a calendar year contract, which ends here in December. There was a dedicated sales force with that business that has been adjusted somewhat and has been reorganized into our core foodservice business, and those people will now be selling our core foodservice and branded items. That all happened in October, November. So we feel good about both the cost structure and the core business. We feel comfortable that we'll -- we worked our way through the private label transition. And then the margins from there, I guess I'll look to Mark as far as how we want to announce the timing of those.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. Akshay, it's Mark. We continue to make progress, as Steve suggested. I mean, we lost some profit quite candidly through the exit of some of these business. I think initially, it was viewed as pretty much a 0 margin business on the private label. But as we've talked, there was some interconnectivity with some of the other products. Obviously, there's some overhead that's got hung up. So that's being drawn out. But I think the liquid business is good business. We will see that profit increase going forward. Clearly, as we roll out the Folgers brand, we'll see growth. So we'll probably be more specific of the timing as we move through the year into next fiscal, but it certainly is tracking more or less in line with where we expected originally.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next go to Jon Andersen with William Blair.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I have a question. I know it's a small acquisition, but as it relates to Enray, how are you thinking about the gluten-free food opportunity? Is this a niche? Is it a kind of a longer-term trend? And then I guess, as it relates to Enray, what are your ambitions kind of in that space and how might that manifest itself with how you approach Enray going forward?
Steven T. Oakland: Jon, I'll comment first and then maybe Paul can comment on our core businesses with gluten-free. Enray is a wonderful complement to the scale we have in natural foods. Our Knudsen and Santa Cruz Organic brands are some of the largest shelf stable businesses in the natural organic space, but they are mature categories. And so to bolt onto that team, a smaller but high-growth enabling business to allow us to do sort of what we've done in U.S. retail, which is become a center-of-the-store branded player of natural foods, much more so, we thought was a great opportunity. Much of that business today is quinoa, but they have a lineup of wonderful ancient grains, and they have a technology on sprouting those grains that we think is unique in North America. And many cultures, as well as many people, who shop in the natural food space, understand the benefits of sprouted grains and what you can do with those. So we think there's a lot of runway. It's a very immature product in its life cycle going from a very limited number of customers in the natural space to the broad natural sections across U.S. retail. So we think that our resources and our footprint can take advantage of Enray's great product mix, broad product mix and take those across the retail space. So that's the exciting part. Now with regard to gluten-free in general, the Canadian business probably is the farthest ahead, and we've launched a number of Robin Hood products in the gluten-free area and they're doing really well. And then maybe I'll turn it over to Paul. But honestly, gluten-free is a trend in the United States. Enray will help us and enable that. But quite frankly, it's a business that's going to grow quickly in the natural food space.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: John, this is Paul. And just to add onto what Steve said, clearly, the gluten-free trend is continuing to grow, and we are -- we've been watching it very closely and we've been -- our R&D team has been focused on how do we come out with new items that are gluten-free. So I would expect you would see some Pillsbury products and some of our other brands to have gluten-free items or offerings in the near term.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great. And one quick follow-up on -- just on the Uncrustables business at retail. I think that was up 25% in volume terms in the quarter. Can you talk a little bit about just kind of what you're seeing there in terms of the strength? Is it new products? Is it new distribution? And how do you think about piece of the Uncrustables franchise growing going forward?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Sure, John. Paul here again. And Uncrustables, you're right, grew about 25%, and it's kind of 2 parts. First is we did have some distribution gains that -- they are contributing to the high number -- high sales growth number, but that product continues to do well. And over the previous year, we just haven't had the capacity to really push out on that business in the retail side. And with the exiting of the school business, as well as the new bakery that we -- that Steve's team put in the Scottsville facility, we're now in the position to be able to really push that product going forward. So will we see 25% growth rate? I'm not sure about that, but we'll definitely see likely double-digit growth going forward.
Operator: And next, we'll go to John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'm wondering if you can speak a little bit to the fundamentals in jams and jellies right now? It looks like the category volumes have been soft since mid-summer, pricing is coming down. So how are you thinking about the competitive dynamics here and maybe the potential for a more promotional environment going forward?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: John, this is Paul again here. A couple things in jam and jelly. First off, when you look at our what we call our strawberry and varieties or our core traditional business, we actually grew that around 4% this year. We were up 5% on our traditional business and our squeezed fruit spread business was up 7%. So some of the core business in what we call our jam jelly or JJP category, actually, has done pretty well. A couple of the areas that we're struggling with or down a little bit further, one is on grape jelly, which is an area that we really don't focus on as much because it's a no-profit business for us or a low-margin business. And so we always try to monitor and make sure we get enough of that, but not too much, so to speak. The other area that we're struggling a little bit with is the better-for-you category, so that would be our sugar-free, our low sugar and our Simply Fruit businesses, and that has struggled here for, I'd say, the last year or 2, couple years. And we're working on trying to bring some new news to that category and hopefully, with the Olympics, we think that's one area that's going to bring some new news to the total Smucker jam jelly category. But we also launched a new product in our Smucker's Natural that has -- we've seen some nice growth with, and that's a new product, so we're going to hopefully see that continue to pick up some share growth and continue to contribute to the category. So overall, we feel like we have some good momentum on fruit spreads and we'd hope to see that continue.
Operator: And our last question will come from David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Mark, I just wanted to ask you a little bit more about the premium end of the K-Cup market. You mentioned in one of your responses the imminent relaunch of Millstone. But could you, number one, just say, roughly speaking, what's your company's share of the premium K-Cup market? And then talk a little bit about this Millstone relaunch. Why is this going to work? What's the real hook for the consumer, given that there's such strong brands in that premium end of the business?
Mark T. Smucker: David, this is Mark Smucker. Quite frankly, we don't look at the K-Cup category in the tiers yet because they're not clearly enough defined in order to do that. They're developing, so I guess I should say that to lead off. And then just with Millstone, we think that it is possible to reposition that brand as a more premium. So if there is an upper tier in roast and ground, we think that's where Millstone plays. I do think it remains to be seen how the tiers in the K-Cup category separate out. And we can't even slice share in that -- in those segments yet.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And is there any update you might be able to give us on Dunkin' Donuts and the ability to sell K-Cups through that partnership? Right now, it's only the bag. So is there any movement here to actually get Dunkin' in the K-Cup?
Vincent C. Byrd: David, this is Vince. The answer is we continue to have dialogue with Dunkin', but there's nothing to report.
Richard K. Smucker: No, that was our last question. So thank you, all, for joining us today, and we look forward to delivering our results for the year. Appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 1 (888) 203-1112 or (719) 457-0820 with a passcode of 9167122. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you, all, for participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-08-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sonal P. Robinson - Vice President of Investor Relations, Director of Corporate Finance and Assistant Secretary Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive Officer and Director Vincent C. Byrd - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Mark R. Belgya - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Paul Smucker Wagstaff - Director and President of U.S. Retail Consumer Foods Mark T. Smucker - Director and President Of US Retail Coffee Steven T. Oakland - President Of International, Foodservice and Natural Foods
Analysts: Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference call over to Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Robinson.
Sonal P. Robinson: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; Vince Byrd, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Oakland, President, International, Foodservice and Natural Foods; Mark Smucker, President, U.S. Retail Coffee; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President, U.S. Retail Consumer Foods. Following this brief introduction, Richard will provide an overview of our first quarter performance, Vince will then provide an update on our business segments, then Mark will close with additional comments on our financial results for the quarter and our outlook for the full year. Before I turn the call over to Richard, let me remind you that we may make forward-looking statements during the call that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning forward-looking statements. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our website at smuckers.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please contact me or Mark Belgya. Let me now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Smucker: Thank you, Sonal. I really appreciate everybody joining us this morning. Let me begin by saying that we had a very, very good first quarter following the momentum that we gained from last year's results and that resulted in record earnings for our first quarter. I want to share with you some of the highlights that began the quarter. Volume was up, driven by performance of our U.S. Retail business. Net sales decreased slightly due to price declines taken over the past 12 months. In Coffee, volume was up 4% behind solid gains for the Folgers, Dunkin' Donuts and Cafe Pilon brands. Volume gains were also realized across the majority of the brands within Consumer Foods, resulting in an overall 4% increase in that segment. And within the International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment, volume was down for the quarter, but as expected, due to the planned rationalization that Vince will expand on in a moment. Excluding these, volume was flat for the prior year -- for this year compared to the prior year. Non-GAAP earnings per share increased 6% to $1.24 despite prior year results that included a significant positive impact from mark-to-market adjustments and also higher SD&A expenses in the current year. And finally, we continued the responsible use of our strong cash flow. During the quarter, we announced a 12% increase in the quarterly dividend rate and repurchased 1.5 million shares. Solid execution of the plans and initiatives that we outlined during our year end call, including brand building and supply chain investments, contributed to these first quarter results. Our teams continue to perform with excellence, and we thank them for their efforts. Looking ahead to the upcoming holiday period and the balance of the fiscal year, we remain confident in our ability to achieve another year of earnings growth and deliver on the updated earnings guidance that Mark will share with you in a couple of minutes. This belief is supported by several factors, including a solid lineup of quality marketing and merchandising programs across our various brands and categories to support the Fall Bake and Holiday periods, the additional growth from innovation and new products, lower commodity costs compared with last year and the continued execution of our pricing and promotion strategies, and finally, the anticipated contribution from acquisitions and new businesses. To this last point, let me briefly comment on the announcement that we released earlier this morning regarding our latest transaction, the acquisition of Enray Inc. This enabling acquisition provides added scale for our Natural Foods business, adding an on-trend line of organic gluten-free ancient grain products to our portfolio. We're very excited to welcome the Enray employees to the Smucker Company and add the truRoots brand to our family of brands. And we look forward to sharing more about this acquisition in the coming months ahead. With that, I'll turn the call over to Vince for an update on our business segments.
Vincent C. Byrd: Thank you, Richard, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased with the start to the new fiscal year as these results reflect our commitment to brand building and other key initiatives we identified leading into the year. Let me now provide further color on our segments' quarterly performance, beginning with U.S. Retail Coffee. Volume for the segment was up 4%, led by our Folgers, Dunkin' and Cafe Pilon brands. During the quarter, Folgers Gourmet Selection K-Cups and premium bagged coffee realized significant volume growth. In addition, momentum in our mainstream Red Can business continued. Red Can results were driven by growth within our Folgers Colombian product line, reflecting the pass-through of lower green coffee costs through our recent pricing actions. Increased marketing support also contributed to the performance of the Folgers brand. This included the completion of the third installment of The Best Part of Wakin' Up jingle contest in June. This very successful event continues to utilize digital platforms to expand the reach of the Folgers brand among millennial consumers. The Dunkin' Donuts brand also realized a good start to the fiscal year, up 6% in volume for the quarter. This increase was achieved despite a very strong comp in the prior year's first quarter. Our strong merchandising and pricing strategy, combined with ongoing brand support, led to the quarter's results. The overall coffee volume gains in the quarter were a key contributor to the segment profit growth. In addition, our price-to-cost relationship had a significant positive impact on the first quarter results compared to the prior year. As a reminder, the first quarter of 2013 was negatively affected by the price declines taken in advance of lower green coffee costs. These lower costs were recognized later in 2013 and resulted in strong period-over-period growth during the last half of that fiscal year. This is in contrast to the front half loaded segment profit growth expected in fiscal 2014. Keep in mind these price-to-cost timing impacts will continue to periodically affect quarterly year-over-year comparisons. Our focus remains on managing profitability over the fiscal year and on a long-term basis. Green coffee costs have retreated from their record highs of 2 years ago and arabica coffee futures have traded in the range of $1.15 to $1.35 over the last several months. While this has lowered our overall coffee costs at this point, they have not declined to the level at which we would implement a list price decline. Instead, we will use other pricing strategies to pass along the benefits of the lower green coffee costs to our customers and consumers. Let me conclude my comments on coffee with an update on our K-Cup business where sales grew 14% in the first quarter, in line with our expectation of 15% growth for the full year. As expected, the K-Cup environment continues to be competitive with new entrants coming into the marketplace, and we anticipate they will garner trial of their products during the upcoming key holiday periods. Let me briefly comment on the relationship with Green Mountain. We recognize there's been significant press recently regarding their contractual arrangements with other partner brands. We believe the recent extension of certain partnership agreements supports our view that Green Mountain is the highest quality and most efficient producer of K-Cups in the industry. Specific to our company, we typically do not discuss details related to our contracts. However, let me assure you that we are pleased with our contractual arrangement. We have a multi-year agreement in place that has been periodically amended to take into consideration current and future opportunities that are expected to provide additional value to both companies, as well as to our customers and consumers. Similar to coffee, the Consumer Foods segment achieved solid volume gains in the quarter, also up 4% over the prior year with growth realized across most of our key brands and categories. This volume performance was once again led by peanut butter as the Jif -- momentum for the Jif brand continues. Our price declines, the successful execution of our jar downsizing, the contribution of new products and the ongoing brand-building support all contributed to Jif's performance. Turning to the Smucker's brand. Volume for food spreads was flat for the quarter. This reflects a positive response to our Smucker's Natural Fruit Spread launch offset by declines with 1 major club store customer. Sales of Smucker's Uncrustable in U.S. retail channel achieved another strong quarter with volume up 22%. This marks the third quarter in a row where Uncrustables has grown in excess of 20% in this channel. We are currently in the midst of our key back-to-school promotional period and are encouraged by the programs we have in place and look forward to a successful conclusion to our overall spreads and uncrustable businesses. Turning to the bake aisle. Pillsbury volume was up 2%, driven by flour and frosting, including contributions from the successful launch of our new seasonal varieties. Profitability for baking mixes continued to improve due to the previously discussed change in our promotional strategy on cake. In the oils category, Crisco achieved a strong start to the fiscal year with volume growth of 11%, reversing recent downward performance in this price-sensitive category. A continued focus on managing price gaps drove the first quarter performance. Let me conclude my remarks on Consumer Foods with a brief discussion on segment profit, which was down 11% from the prior year. Approximately 1/2 the decline reflects the reduction in favorable mark-to-market gains this quarter compared to the same period last year for this segment. Much of the remainder was the result of the 10% price decline taken earlier in the calendar year on peanut butter during a period of higher recognized peanut costs. As we noted on our year-end call, we expect this trend to reverse as we proceed through the back half of the fiscal year and this will be a key contributor to the company's earnings growth during that period. Looking at all the key commodities across our Consumer Foods portfolio, we have essentially locked in our cost structure for the upcoming Fall Bake and Holiday season. At this time, we do not foresee taking any action in our key categories through the end of the calendar year. Further, with good merchandising programs in place and solid support at all key retailers, we believe we are well positioned for this promotional period. Let me conclude with the International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment where strategic business decisions designed to align the portfolio for long-term profitability continued to have a significant impact on our reported results. Volume declined 6% in the quarter, primarily reflecting the impact of 3 such decisions. First and most significantly for the quarter, was the planned change of promotional strategy to support our Santa Cruz Organic lemonade product line. Now that the product has been established within the marketplace, we were able to reduce our aggressive promotional activities, resulting in reduced volume and yet improves profitability. Due to the seasonal nature of the lemonade sales, the majority of the anticipated volume decrease for the fiscal year occurred in the first quarter. Second, the previously announced exit of the private label coffee business in Foodservice continues to impact our year-over-year volume comparisons and remain on track to complete this rationalization by the end of the calendar year. Lastly, we saw a step-up in the effect from exiting a portion of the school Uncrustables program. We anticipate the volume impact will increase further in the second quarter given the ordering pattern associated with the start of a new school year. The impact will then moderate as the year progresses. Excluding these planned rationalizations, volume was flat to the prior year. Segment profit grew 7% for the quarter, reflecting the net benefit of lower commodity costs, the enhanced profitability of the Santa Cruz Organic line and favorable mix. Excluding mark-to-market adjustments, segment profit increased $7 million or nearly 20% compared to last year's first quarter. Lastly, as Richard mentioned, we are very excited about the enabling acquisition of the Enray business. As a leader in the natural food space, we believe this $45 million on-trend business has the potential to deliver significant growth for the foreseeable future. In summary, we are pleased with our start to 2014 and look to continue this momentum into the rest of the year. Our consistent performance is a testament to the company's strategy, the strength of our leading brands and the commitment of our dedicated employees. I will now turn the call over to Mark to discuss our consolidated results.
Mark R. Belgya: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Net sales decreased $19 million or 1% in the quarter, reflecting a 4% reduction in net price realization, partially offset by a 1% increase in volume and 2% from sales mix. GAAP earnings per share were $1.19 this quarter and $1 in the first quarter of last year, reflecting a reduction in special project costs, which are defined in our press release. Excluding these costs, earnings per share were $1.24 this quarter and $1.17 last year, an increase of 6%. Last year's results included a $20 million benefit from unrealized mark-to-market gains on derivative contracts. This compares to a $5 million positive contribution this year. Operating income, excluding special project costs, was up 1% for the quarter behind a 4% increase in gross profit. Lower commodity costs this year compared to 2013 caused gross profit to increase by $21 million and gross margin to improve by approximately 200 basis points. The gain in gross profit was largely offset by an 8% increase in SD&A expenses. Higher administrative expenses were driven by an increase in compensation costs, as well as expenses associated with an upgrade to the company's Oracle IT systems. This major upgrade was implemented seamlessly by our team during the first quarter. Marketing was up 6% over last year, in line with our quarter expectations. We continue to expect marketing to be up 10% for the full year with much of the costs related to the Olympics sponsorship occurring in the back half and total SD&A to be up 8%, also in line with our original guidance. Turning to cash flow. Cash provided by operations was $82 million in the quarter compared to $177 million last year. This decline primarily reflects the higher current year use of cash to support inventory and other working capital need compared to the prior year. Capital expenditures were $36 million in the quarter, resulting in free cash flow of $46 million. Due to the timing of the start for certain projects, CapEx spend was less than expected in the first quarter. However, we continue to anticipate a full year total of approximately $270 million as the CapEx related to key 2014 initiatives is expected to ramp up later in the fiscal year. And at this point, our 2014 free cash flow target remains at $600 million. As Richard noted, we acquired 1.5 million shares during the first quarter, borrowing $145 million against our revolver to help fund the repurchase. Some of the borrowings were repaid by the end of the quarter as there was $85 million outstanding at July 31. We anticipate borrowing further in the second quarter, but expect to pay down all revolver borrowings by the end of the fiscal year. Let me conclude by updating our full year sales and EPS outlook. We continue to expect volume for our U.S. Retail segments to increase approximately 2% over the prior year with overall company volume flat, reflecting the planned rationalizations within International, Foodservice and Natural Foods. We now anticipate 2014 net sales will decrease approximately 1% from the prior year compared to our initial guidance of being flat year-over-year. The decrease reflects the net sales impact of passing through commodity cost declines in coffee. Sales of approximately $40 million associated with the Enray acquisitions are included within our guidance. We have increased our non-GAAP income per share outlook to a range of $5.72 to $5.82, up from our previous guidance of $5.65 to $5.75. The increase primarily reflects the share repurchase activity in the first quarter as the range now assumes weighted average shares of approximately 105.5 million shares along with a modest EPS impact in 2014 from the acquisition of Enray. Based on our first quarter results and plans for the rest of the year, we're cautiously optimistic about achieving the high end of this range. In closing, let me reiterate that we are pleased to have delivered a solid first quarter. With good plans in place for the upcoming promotional periods, we look forward to continuing this momentum as we proceed through the fiscal year. With that, we will open up the call to your questions. And operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess, Richard, maybe, or Vince, you could comment just more broadly on kind of the consumer and the environment. It seems like a lot of the food companies focused in the U.S. were getting a little bit more optimistic as the spring unfolded and then it seems like some of the retailers out there, along with some of your competitors, have kind of noticed a bit more, I guess, weakness sequentially as kind of the year has unfolded. Maybe you could ask or answer that, and I'll have a follow-up just on the company.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, Eric, this is Richard. That's a good question. The way we look at it, I think we've mentioned this before, we kind of put the consumers into 3 buckets: the top 1/3, the middle 1/3 and the bottom 1/3. And I think we still see that the top 1/3 is doing fine. The middle 1/3 is doing fine, although sometimes they don't know it, don't feel it. But the bottom 1/3 of the consumer is still very challenged and we've seen that. The way we've responded to that is to make sure we have the right pricing in each level to provide them with the right products and pricing for each group. But I guess consumer confidence is still up as far as you look at the Michigan consumer confidence trends. But I have to admit, on some of our retailers, we're seeing that lower 1/3 being challenged and we think that's going to continue throughout the year, but I think we're well positioned because of the product lines that we offer and the product categories that we're in to do pretty well in this environment.
Vincent C. Byrd: Eric, this is Vince. I would only support exactly what you said and I think that's probably what's leading a little bit to our cautious optimism about the back half of the year. We feel we're in a very good place as we head into the holiday bake period, but you can't ignore the results of some of our key customers and some of our peers within the consumer industry. So we're certainly -- we believe we're in a good place, as Richard mentioned, but we just can't ignore the -- some of the trends that we're seeing.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just as, I guess, kind of a follow-up to that. You've been pretty consistent across, I don't know, maybe 70% of the business that's a little more pass-through oriented. I guess, you mentioned you've kind of locked in through the calendar year, but it seems as if there's some deflationary pressure out there. Do you see retailers pressuring you to lower pricing further, particularly in coffee? And I'll pass it on.
Vincent C. Byrd: Eric, this is Vince again. Yes, there has been pressure from time-to-time on making sure that we pass those costs on. I think we are consistent in our approach of being as transparent as we can. In some cases, over the past 18 months, we've leaned forward into some of our pricing, which is evident by, say, peanut butter. But also, as we said in the scripted remarks, we need to keep in mind that we can pass those pricing on through other mechanisms other than just maybe list price decreases or increases or decreases, that the teams have other levers whether it be through trade strategies or marketing activities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This may relate to the answer -- part of Eric's first question, but I guess your -- the U.S. Retail volume where both Coffee and Consumer volume was up, a healthy 4% in the quarter, you're holding your full year volume guidance for U.S. Retail at up -- I guess, up 2% essentially. So I'm trying to get a sense of is something specifically expected to change in the back half of the year that you kind of see already in your business, or is it just related to can't ignore some of the broader industry factors that you talked about?
Vincent C. Byrd: Andrew, this is Vince. Let me just start and I'll turn it to Mark and Paul. But basically, in the first quarter, we did get the benefit of a couple of things: First of all, innovation and new products contributed significantly to our growth, which of course, some of that would be pipeline fill. Secondly, we had a very solid quarter on oil and flour business, which we're excited about, but on the other hand, that typically doesn't occur quarter-after-quarter. But as I said earlier, we don't see anything in our business, given where we are on our pricing and our promotional strategies, to be pessimistic. It's just that, again, the nature of being somewhat conservative given what we see in the marketplace. So I'll ask Paul or Mark if they have anything they would like to add to that.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: No, I think that's right.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then, there aren't -- I guess, that many U.S. food companies are getting sort of a kind of positive mix impact that you have been getting quarter in and quarter out. I think this quarter mix was a 2% positive contributor. And then trying to get a sense of the sustainability of that, maybe we can talk about the couple of key buckets, right, that, that mix is coming from and which ones you think are kind of structural going forward. So one bucket is obviously the faster growth of the K-Cup piece. One would be some of the SKU rationalization or business rationalization maybe you're doing in specific segments. And then what's going on in sort of the core business, whether it be new higher-margin products or what have you, but trying to get a sense if you can sort of dimensionalize those for us to give us a sense of sustainability of mix going forward?
Mark R. Belgya: Andrew, this is Mark Belgya. Couple of comments on mix. Yes, we have really last probably 2 or 3 years have benefited. A lot of that was driven by coffee, and as you mentioned, particularly K-Cup. This quarter, I think we continue to benefit from peanut butter as well. Even with the impact of higher peanut cost, it's still a good margin business and obviously volume was very strong. I think the other thing, too, and this probably is more of a comment in the baking area and we talked about this over the years, is that as we have grown Pillsbury from sort of a traditional cake business to more of a seasonal, they tend to be a higher range -- higher margin business. So as we've grown that, and really that probably applies even to new products across-the-board, they do tend to be a little more stronger margin because they're delivering on whether it's convenience or good, good-for-you type attributes, which just obviously presents a better mix opportunity than just what I would say are more traditional products.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You guys pride yourself on being a transparent company. I think most of the time you deserve credit for being just that. But when you raise your guidance in a press release and you don't mention that one of the main reasons for the increase is an acquisition, and you don't mention the acquisition until the press release that comes out later, that's maybe the opposite of transparency. So before my question, I just wanted to give my -- get up on my soapbox, so forgive me for that for a second.
Mark R. Belgya: Ken, this is Mark. let me just address that just to quantify. It really was not material and, had it been, we would have addressed that in the release and in both releases. But that was not the key driver of that guidance move.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So the main driver was more about the share buyback then?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, and then obviously the discussion around the higher end is just an overall view of the business.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Why didn't you mention that in the press release? And forgive me, I guess it's soapbox day for me, but why not just mention that? Because there is a little bit of confusion this morning among the investor base as to whether the acquisition was meaningful or not. And when you don't mention that it's accretive or not, you don't mention the margins, you don't mention the growth, people kind of assume the worst.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, yes, I'll just address that as well. We have a lot of discussion around how we wanted to handle the announcement of Enray. And we felt because of the importance of that business to our Natural Foods and just the overall importance of the acquisition, internally we wanted to do it separately and, again, because this year's contribution is not material, we did not think that we were misleading anybody by adjusting the guidance and not referencing it with the intent of obviously covering it during the call.
Richard K. Smucker: Ken, this is Richard. I would hope that the people on the call and our other investors don't feel that there's any sleight of hand here. We've have been -- always been transparent. And it's a small acquisition, very important acquisition in the long run, but its sales are $45 million. We're only going to have it for about less than 3/4 of the year. So the actual add to earnings is very small in the first year. We expect it to be, in fact, very small. So as Mark mentioned, the increase in the earnings guidance is because of the share buyback and the positive nature of our momentum, which is continuing through last year and this year both. So I just want to make that clear.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I appreciate that and I'm sure I'm annoying people by asking this, so I'll let it go from there. Just one quick question, Mark. You cited higher inventory and other working capital needs. Maybe you mentioned this and I missed it, but can you talk about why inventory was up at a time when costs are down? I might have expected the opposite.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, a lot of it, Ken, had to do with last year actually. It was probably in certain categories it was lower than we would have liked. So -- and I think we might have commented on this earlier this calendar year, but we thought we would be building inventory. And then we actually -- we're probably building a little bit earlier on some of our upfronts around business continuity and Fall Bake. But last year's was what I would say was abnormally low compared to where we would feel more comfortable from both a customer service and just inventory levels in general.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Just wanted to ask a little bit about the K-Cup business. You mentioned in your prepared script the quarter comes out at 14% growth. Your guidance for the year, 15% growth. Can you develop this a little bit and just talk about what you're seeing kind of category trends? How strong are the private label offerings? How much is that affecting your growth? And then why the confidence in, I guess, is just a slight pickup, but I think you made some comments about the seasonally strong periods for K-Cups coming up and your expectations of how you're going to perform. But can you just talk a little bit more about the environment itself and these types of growth rates?
Mark T. Smucker: Sure, David, this is Mark Smucker. I guess I would start on the confidence side and that is that if you look at consumer takeaway in the quarter, it was still very strong. And although we did report 14% in shipments, when you look at consumer takeaway, it's still in the 20% range. And so maybe a little bit of the softness that we saw would have come from a couple of our Millstone items, but our Folgers brand is extremely strong with 30-plus percent consumer takeaway. So I think we still feel pretty, obviously, very good about the category in general. The other comment, just more broadly, about the segment is that, sure, private label and some of the unlicensed participants are garnering a good amount of trial. We think that, that noise and just the number of new brands and players that are in the market will continue through the fall and holiday period. But again, as we've said many, many times, just the relationship with Green Mountain, the relative cost and quality advantages that we believe we enjoy by being partnered with them, some of the commitments that some of their other partners have made as well just point to the fact that it's still great growth and we still feel confident about it.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: One follow-up on coffee. I believe and just to confirm that what you said is that the front half of the year is where the profit growth is weighted to and that is simply because -- or the driving factor here isn't necessarily K-Cups, it's really related to the cost and pricing favorability. That lower coffee costs, combined with the decline in pricing not being as much as the decline in costs shows up much more favorable in the front half of the year than the back half of the year. First off, is that correct? And then in the back half of the year, is profit growth just really a function of volume growth?
Mark T. Smucker: Yes, I think all of that is correct, David.
Vincent C. Byrd: David, I would only add that if you look back to last year, you will see that we're going to be facing some very difficult comps as it relates to profitability in the third and fourth quarter in particular. So that's why the comment about it being more front-loaded than back loaded.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Janney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I noted in your press release the marketing spending variance between the 2 businesses. You have a little bit of a different trend and it surprised me. It looks like marketing was up for the Coffee business and down for the Consumer business where the volumes -- it seemed like the Consumer business maybe needed a little bit more investment at this stage. What do you think marketing and advertising will be for the full year across those 2 businesses? And what should we expect for the second half as far as the sequential change?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Hey, Jonathan, this is Paul. Regarding the Consumer Foods business, for the full year, our marketing spend is going to be, up, and that's what we plan and actually we're excited about that with the launch of all of our new items and the support of the Olympics initiatives. So we feel good about our marketing spend and we feel it's going to be up versus prior year.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And the same for Coffee?
Mark T. Smucker: Yes, essentially it would be the same for Coffee. It will be up versus the prior year.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And I know this is not necessarily your direct bailiwick, but do you get the sense in your categories, I know this is a broad question, that your competitors are raising marketing and advertising spending because what we see is it seems like over the past couple of years somewhat of the opposite and maybe that having a negative impact on category. So if you can just comment on that category level, marketing and advertising, how that's driving the categories? That's all I have.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes, this is Paul. And I know in the Consumer Foods categories, we have seen some increase in marketing spend on some of our competitors in some of the categories, so it's a little bit of a mixed bag. But we feel people have been a little more responsible and actually pushing some marketing to drive the categories, which we actually feel is good overall.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes, this is Mark Smucker. I agree with Paul. I think that it's a mixed bag in terms of the competitive spend. There are some isolated incidents or it's by brand. But overall, we continue to be the leader in share of voice and just consistent communication with the consumer. So I would think that we lead in that area.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just one follow-up on the inventory. Mark, if you can get into a little bit more details. I mean, with costs coming down; inventory days even on a year-over-year basis, I think, were up at least 6 days. Is this -- is this strategic and should we expect this every year now given your plans have also moved to an area that's exposed to some more weather risk, if I may, or can you just help us understand what's going on because it does seem -- I know you talked about year-over-year there's a difference, but seems like this is related to where your plants are located and it's affecting how you sort bought things of this year?
Mark R. Belgya: Sure, Akshay. This is Mark Belgya. I think, a couple of things. I think the comment that you're discussing is around coffee and obviously our location is in New Orleans area. The practice there -- and Mark, please add in here. But I think the practice that started with Procter's ownership and we've continued. It's just a prudent way to manage that business. I think the other thing that you got to just keep in mind is in addition to the hurricane preparation, we also lead into a Fall Bake, so we've kind of got 2 big working capital needs. So fundamentally, I don't think there's anything different. You'll recall last year, in our second quarter, we spoke to an issue we had with our supply chain as it related to canisters. So that was a driver as to why our finished goods inventory was just lower than normal. So as I said on the year-end call, internally we feel that there's continued opportunity in managing down working capital from a free cash flow. And although we don't speak to it, we don't have any major initiatives in place, we still think it's an opportunity. So it's more just the explanation for the quarter, but I wouldn't really read anything into that beyond.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then just on single serve, your comments regarding your relationship with Green Mountain, honestly, I don't know exactly what to make of it. It seems like your support, you're very happy with the relationship, but the fact that you're not announcing anything specific, like most other large guys have, is that just a function of your own company policy where you like to keep things private? Or is that a function of different terms or that you're playing it a little bit closer to the vest? Or I don't know, what should we make of the fact that other large companies have publicly extended their relationship with Green Mountain and you're not doing it publicly, but it seems like you're still being supported, so I'm a little bit conflicted trying to understand that a little better.
Vincent C. Byrd: Akshay, this is Vince. Let me try to reinforce what we said in the scripted remarks. Obviously, the investment community has raised a question about the term of our contract and relationship with Green Mountain, and other branded partners had press releases about extending terms and number of years. So first of all, it is our style not to necessarily disclose any contractual arrangements with a partner. But what we were trying to assure the community is that we are very comfortable with the agreement that we have in place with Green Mountain and the fact that it is a multi-year agreement, so you should not be worried about the term of that relationship as we go forward. And that's nothing more, nothing less. That was the key message we were trying to deliver.
Richard K. Smucker: I might add to that, just to give some additional comfort, is that I think when we first made our agreement with Green Mountain, we recognized and believed that they were going to be the long-term key winner in this category. And so our initial negotiations with them was for a long-term agreement. And I don't know what the other partners did in their initial agreements, but we didn't have to adjust because of that because we had faith, I guess, from the beginning.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So in other words, I mean, the relationship has gone as good as you thought it was or better and it's just status quo. You're very happy with that business, is that a good way to characterize it?
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes, the relationship has far exceeded, I think, either one of our expectations. Again and I think if you recall, we evaluated the entire single serve landscape when we acquired the Folgers business from Procter and concluded that Green Mountain was probably going to be the winning partner. And I think, at this point -- well, I don't think, we're very pleased with the results that we've achieved. We've helped grow the overall pie as we said. We've strengthened our position of single serve at retail. And as we said before, we have ongoing dialogue of projects that we'll continue to look at that relationship going forward. We've already had a couple of amendments, and we're looking at other opportunities. So we feel very solid with the Green Mountain team.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one on just overall sort of your feel going into the year. I heard Ken's question, I'm coming from the opposite side, which is you usually don't raise guidance in the first quarter and just judging from the brief commentary that you had, seems like you're seeing something that's more positive than I thought. So can you just help me -- I mean, you're going into the Fall Bake season and obviously you're getting ready with a little bit more inventory and volumes came in much better. I mean, is it shaping up to be a better year generally? Am I wrong in thinking that typically you wouldn't raise guidance in the first quarter and the volume trends are looking positive. Am I reading that incorrectly that it's actually looking pretty better for you throughout the year. It seems to have gone off to a better start than expected. And if so, can you just give us some other tidbit than what you've already mentioned that made you feel good about demand from the consumer for your products? Is it just that price points on an absolute basis are coming in where you think demand is better or just help me understand that?
Mark R. Belgya: Let me try to do that, Akshay. This is Mark Belgya. A couple of things. One, is you are correct about the timing. We don't typically adjust or address a guidance. I think part of that was driven by what we said in our scripted comments around the share repurchase. I know that we were partway through the buyback when we did our 10-K. So there were some indications. So we felt it was appropriate to adjust for that. And then I think that the first quarter exceeded our expectations and for all the reasons I think Vince probably said it best is that everything -- we got a lot of good programs in place and there's really no negatives. We still have to get through Fall Bake and we've lived that the last couple of years where it's been very positive and then less than that. But things are great. I mean, we've got good Fall Bake promotional plans in place. We're very excited about the sponsorship in the back half of our fiscal year with the Olympics and new products. Yes, I guess to some degree when you get 1 quarter down, it probably does make you feel a little stronger and thus we felt that it was appropriate to raise guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about the peanut forward contracting practices. I know that you ended up with taking pricing down 3 or 4 quarters ahead of when those higher priced peanuts rolled off. As you look forward into when the peanut prices get lower, would you think about changing the way that you do that going forward? Or do you plan to have the same kind of practices in place out through fiscal '15?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Alexia, this is Paul. And as far as our peanut purchasing process, we have looked -- taken a step back and looked at how we've done that over the years and is there need to make any adjustments. And I'd say, it's fair to say that we have kind of looked at all sorts of different alternatives. We feel comfortable with our approach going forward. We have made some slight adjustments to it and I think we'll be -- feel better positioned as we go forward overall with how we purchase peanuts. But again, it was a very unusual about a 1.5 years, 2 years that we had with peanuts with a couple of really bad crops and followed by a huge crop. So it was kind of unusual circumstances. But, overall, we feel good about what we're doing and we've made some slight adjustments, but we feel strong in our position.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a quick follow-up. On the Enray acquisition, do I gather from your earlier comments that there'll be no margin impact from that at all?
Mark R. Belgya: Alexia, this is Mark Belgya, again. We didn't quantify, but just to put some numbers out there. For a full year, it's probably about $0.05 and obviously the ownership this year is going to be less than a fiscal, so something less than $0.05.
Steven T. Oakland: This is Steve Oakland. I want to make sure we talked a little bit about the transparency comment about this business. I don't want to misrepresent it. To Mark's point, we're clearly going to have it for a very short period of time. But it's a wonderful business and we think it's got great growth potential and we talked about that in the scripted remarks. And we just want to get ourselves, a marketing team get their hands on this thing and we think there's opportunities for distribution. They've done a great job on supply chain and innovation and we've got a much larger go-to-market organization in the natural channel. So when we put the 2 of those together, literally the announcement meeting with their team is going on as we speak right now in California. So let us get our hands on this thing and we feel great about it. We did want to send the message though that it is a profitable business. It's just small at the current time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson of Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Just to come back to the free cash flow and the buyback for a second. So can you just kind of walk me through the thought process of why now? Like why be purchasing $165 million worth of stock now when the free cash flow in Q1 was down substantially relative to Q1 last year; and last year in Q1, you didn't really buy back stock. I'm just trying to get a sense if you do any acquisitions now and you're increasing your buyback early on in the year, why is that different than what you would have done last year when you technically should have had more cash and inventory wasn't an outflow?
Mark R. Belgya: This is Mark. A couple of things. One is we're obviously looking at our cash generation over the course of the year, recognizing that the first half is typically a use of cash. And I don't want to mislead folks by saying that we just went out and borrowed money to do the stock repurchase. We're going to be in a borrowing position regardless, which is typical for this time of year. Just as why in the first quarter, we bought the shares probably about $101-plus, so we still felt that was a good value to go out into the market and buy and we're comfortable with the cash on the back half of the year that as I said earlier we're going to pay down all our revolver. We're still fine from a leverage perspective if the right opportunity came up from acquisitions. So I don't really see there's any hindrance. Obviously, the cost of borrowing on a short term is extremely low. So all in all, we just didn't view it negatively and we think it sends great message with the investment in our own company's stock.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, fair enough. And then for the new guidance that I'm assuming that now is based off of the current diluted shares as of reported this morning. It's not off the 106.5 that you did before, but it's off the new number. There's not an embedded continued buyback occurring for the rest of the year that you've put into guidance?
Mark R. Belgya: That's correct.
Operator: The next question comes from Thilo Wrede of Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I think on the last quarter call you talked about the plan to increase marketing spending this year by 10%. Is that still the plan? Or has that number come down, because it sounds like you're planning to shift more into promotions at least for the coffee business?
Mark R. Belgya: Okay. Thilo, this is Mark Belgya again. Yes, we have not changed our guidance. You might not have caught it a little bit earlier, but we still expect total marketing to be up 10%. I think what you're going to see is in the first half of the year, as you saw in the first quarter, it's below that 10%, but that really is because of the planned spend related to our U.S. Olympic sponsorship, obviously tied-in closer to the February Winter Olympic Games. So it will ramp up -- so by year's end, it'll be around 10% total company.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. I must have missed that in the beginning. Sorry about that. And then are you seeing a change in your price elasticity that how consumers are reacting to the price reductions that you've had so far?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Sorry, I didn't hear the last part -- we didn't hear the last part of your question. Sorry.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Sorry. Are you seeing an unexpected price elasticity or volume response to the price reductions that you've had or is that all coming in as planned?
Vincent C. Byrd: Let me just start. I think the key learning was probably 2 years ago when we were in a very high inflationary environment and given where the economy was at that particular point. It was a combination of the absolute price point, as well as managing gaps. But then our teams have done -- I think we've commented in the last several quarters, our teams are doing a much, much better job of managing those gaps. And then clearly, the absolute price points have benefited us and our brands and whether they trade up or trade down within some of our categories.
Mark T. Smucker: I think in Coffee -- this is Mark Smucker, the elasticity is as expected. But Vince is right that when we're in a more normalized pricing scenario, it's just having that discipline of managing our absolute and relative prices to our competitors.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: And I would agree. In Consumer Foods, very similar comments to what both Mark and Vince said. We feel the consumer takeaway is being reflected based on our price points and getting them right on shelf. So we feel good about that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: When you look at Olympics, this is the first time you've participated. So could you just give us some color on what the timing and costs we should expect in terms of do you expect a volume benefit or pickup from the Olympics? If so, when? And then also, how should we model costs that would be related to the Olympics?
Vincent C. Byrd: Farha, I'll start and then we can talk -- Mark Belgya maybe can talk about the financial impact. But we're not public with the amount of our commitment to the USOC, but it's fair to say that the increase in marketing spend, a lot of that is driven by our overall support, as well as we have shifted some of the existing marketing spend to support the Olympics. And so, I guess the key point though is that it's a holistic view and in terms of almost every element of the marketing mix, including new television advertising, in-store displays, digital and social media, et cetera. The other comment that is probably relevant is that in terms of the volume impact, we obviously hope by aligning with the other 6 or 7 key major sponsors, which are some very significant consumer brands, we're able to leverage that and work with them as well and hopefully getting some very significant display activity. And so it's public knowledge relative to some of those other partners, but the Kelloggs and Procter & Gambles and Coca-Colas, et cetera. So we feel very, very good about where we are. But most of that impact, of course, will be the first Winter Olympics coming up in Russia.
Mark R. Belgya: I don't really have much more to add to that.
Vincent C. Byrd: We might -- let's add the brands. So Paul, you want to speak to the brands?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: So on Consumer Foods, we're going to have the Jif band, the Smucker brand and our Uncrustable brands be part of the sponsorship. And I don't really have much more to add on to Vince, he was right on.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes, and on Coffee, it's Folgers and since it's our first time going through that. It is going to be a learning experience, but we do expect benefit. I just don't think we've quantified that at this point.
Vincent C. Byrd: And it's a 4-year relationship, so it will go through the Summer Olympics in Brazil. So as Mark said, I think we'll have some very key learnings through this Olympic period and then hopefully it'll build and do better in the next.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-on to your top line growth. So it looks like Enray is going to benefit your top line by about 60 basis points this year, but you've guided to lower sales for the year. Clearly, you're anticipating a lot more coffee promotional activity in light of the declines in robusta costs even though you're not cutting your list prices. Could you just tell us how you plan to manage pricing going forward? Do you have -- have you built capabilities that'll help you respond? How quickly can you respond to competitive activity in coffee and the rest of your portfolio because it's clear that we should expect more promotions going forward.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes, Farha. It's Mark Smucker. You're absolutely right. We can respond very quickly. And as Vince pointed out in the script, although the green coffee costs have come down at a very gradual but generally consistent rate, and that of course benefits us, we have not crossed a critical threshold at this point where we would take a broad list price decline. And so, as we are always transparent with our customers, we want to share and it's appropriate to share in that benefit with the trade and so a lot of that is done by planning additional promotional activity, responsibly, of course, to make sure that we continue to manage, as Vince said, the relative gaps to our competitors. So bottom line, we're transparent and we're sharing some of those costs by passing them through in the form of promotional activities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel Financial.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just -- I had 2 quick questions for you. I just want to ask first off on the -- in the first quarter, you did have a good amount of new product activity and you cited that as a factor that mid-helped [ph] revenue a little bit. I wanted to just get a sense if you can talk about how much you think that benefited the revenue? And I guess more importantly, what divisions was that the biggest benefit such that year-over-year there was an increase in new product activity?
Vincent C. Byrd: Just from an overall perspective of our 4% growth in U.S. Retail, it was approximately 1% of that 4% was driven by new products. And Mark and Paul can speak to their respective areas.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Chris, Paul here. In Consumer Foods, we had about 60 new items that we launched or are in the process of launching. And as Vince said, 1% of our volume growth was -- for the quarter was due to the new products. So we feel good about those.
Mark T. Smucker: And in Coffee, again number of new products. In the quarter, it was north of $70 million that were related to new products, obviously a lot of that was K-Cups. But I think you'll see that going forward in the subsequent quarters, some of the items that we're launching in Dunkin' Bakery Series as well as the Life is good brand, we'll start to see those sales come through in the second and third and fourth quarters. So at the beginning of the year, not a lot, but we'll see that pick up through the holiday period.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just to be clear on that, Mark, the $70 million of new products, that's an absolute number or is that the change year-over-year? Because you have more new products coming in, it sounds like in the division as well which could be very incremental?
Mark T. Smucker: That's absolute.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Absolute, okay. And then just a quick follow-up would be just to understand the input costs and really I'm more interested in it sounds like you're pretty well hedged through Fall Bake and Holiday. Could you say that about the full year that you feel pretty good about your input cost estimates for the year?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Chris, Paul here. Yes, you said that correctly. Through Fall Bake, we're very well positioned and everything's locked in and we're good to go. I'd say based on how we're seeing the commodity market react here, we feel good about the full year as well. Again, we watch that on a regular basis so as things change, we can react to it. But overall, we feel pretty good about where costs are coming in.
Mark T. Smucker: I agree with Paul. In Coffee, we don't comment specifically on our position, but we are comfortable with where we're sitting now. We do believe that arabica markets are going to continue to probably trade within the range that they are just because there's plenty of arabica supply out there. The demand for robusta is a little stronger, so we might be a little more bullish on robusta. But really, I think it's what we said in the script that those commodities will continue to trade roughly in the ranges that they are.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to pick up the last questioning right where we just left off. Mark, you were talking about the path forward for coffee costs. There's been some headlines coming out of Brazil that there the prices are below the cost of production. The government stepped in to intervene. Clearly, there's adequate supply today. What do you see the path forward there? And then, secondly, sticking on coffee, you mentioned the shipments below the rate of consumption on K-Cups. I'm curious what you think drove that destocking by retail and whether or not we should be concerned that it foreshadows some sort of distribution or shelving changes.
Mark T. Smucker: Jason, this is Mark. We haven't seen any significant destocking, and it may just be timing related. I think again there will be some noise in the period or in the holiday period rather as it relates to a lot of the new entrants and so forth. So obviously, we're going to watch that very carefully. But again, we're encouraged by the performance of the segment, and in particular, our Folgers brand. So I think that's why we still have some optimism. And then back to your first part of the question, Brazil tends to operate in a big crop and then a smaller crop rotating year-over-year. This was technically an off year and it's been probably the largest -- I think it is the largest off crop that they've ever had. And so again, you're exactly right, there's a lot of supply out there and the forecast for the next crop is also large and so I think that's what's driving the arabica markets from a fundamentals perspective.
Operator: Our last question will come from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just in terms of Retail Coffee, wondering if you can speak to the Millstone brand? I know the scanner data has been quite weak there. So just wondering if you can walk through your positioning and strategy around that brand and particularly maybe in K-Cups?
Mark T. Smucker: Sure, John. This is Mark Smucker again. If you recall, we made a -- well, the consumer, I should say, made the decision that bulk coffee is not something that they're interested any longer. And so we are actually exiting the bulk coffee business. And so a lot of what you're seeing is related to our exit of the bulk coffee. But we are committed to the brand, both in K-Cups, as well as in bagged coffee, and so we will continue to support it. But you will see, at least over the next couple of quarters, you're going to see continued declines in that brand due to the bulk exit.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, with that, that seems to be our last question. So we thank you for your time today, and we look forward to a good year. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 1 (888) 203-1112 or 1 (719) 457-0820 with the passcode of 7507809. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you, all, for participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-06-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sonal P. Robinson - Director of Corporate Finance, Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive officer and Director Vincent C. Byrd - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Mark R. Belgya - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President Paul Smucker Wagstaff - Director and President of U.S. Retail Consumer Foods Steven T. Oakland - President Of International, Foodservice And Natural Foods Mark T. Smucker - President Of US Retail Coffee and Director
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that the conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sonal P. Robinson: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are: Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; Vince Byrd, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Oakland, President, International, Foodservice and Natural Foods; Mark Smucker, President, U.S. Retail Coffee; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President, U.S. Retail Consumer Foods. Following this introduction, Richard will provide an update of fiscal 2013 and initial thoughts as we head into 2014. Vince will then provide an update on our business segments, and Mark will close with additional comments on our financial results for the quarter and our outlook for 2014. Before I turn the call over to Richard, let me remind you that we may make forward-looking statements during this call that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning forward-looking statements. Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our website at www.smuckers.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please contact me or Mark Belgya. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Smucker: Thank you, Sonal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning, we reported strong fourth-quarter results that capped off another year of growth. We are pleased with our fiscal 2013 performance as we delivered record sales, earnings and cash flow while continuing to return cash to our shareholders. Vince and Mark will cover specifics of the quarter. So let me highlight a few of our many accomplishments during the past fiscal year. Net sales increased 7% to nearly $5.9 billion for the year, reflecting solid growth across our key categories and brands. In the coffee segment, volume for the Folgers and Dunkin' Donuts brands were up 3% and 11% respectively, while Cafe Bustelo and the Pilon brands both achieved mid-teen percentage growth. In addition, K-Cups continued their strong performance, contributing nearly $290 million of the segment's net sales. Within Consumer Foods, volume for the Jif brand grew 8%, while Smucker's Uncrustables increased 23%. Innovation from Pillsbury continued to strengthen that brand's overall positioning. Finally, our fiscal 2012 foodservice acquisition accounted for a significant portion of the sales growth within the International, Foodservice and Natural Food segment. Our Canadian and Natural Foods businesses also posted solid results for the year. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $5.37, an increase of 14% with profit growth coming from all 3 segments. We also achieved another year of strong cash performance. Cash from operations increased 17% to over $850 million for the year with free cash flow increasing over 40% to approximately $650 million. Other key initiatives in fiscal 2013 included the launch of 70 new items, including new varieties of K-Cups in both the U.S. and Canadian businesses and our Hazelnut Jif brand, also Smucker's Natural Foods brands and several new flavors of Pillsbury mixes and frostings. In addition, we increased marketing by 10%, including the production of 25 new television commercials and the expansion of our digital marketing activities, which now represents over 15% of U.S. retail marketing spend. This, along with ongoing support of our customers through our category and leadership programs, also contributed to the strong 2013 results. Operationally, we completed the $70 million expansion of our 2 coffee facilities in New Orleans and we commenced the fruit spreads operation at our new manufacturing plant in Orrville, Ohio. With 80% of the anticipated volume currently being produced at the new facility, the transition is expected to be completed by the end of the calendar year. Finally, while investing in the long-term growth of our business, we also demonstrated our commitment to enhancing shareholder value by repurchasing nearly 4% of our shares, utilizing approximately $360 million in cash. This includes 2 million shares repurchased during the fourth quarter. And we increased our annual dividend by approximately 9%, continuing our steady history of dividend growth. We are proud of our team's accomplishments over this past year. With these results, our 5-year compounded annual growth rates of 18% per sales and 11% for earnings per share exceeded our long-term growth targets of 6% and 8% plus, respectively. This performance is a testament to our long-term focus, as well as the hard work of our dedicated employees. And we thank them for their continued efforts. As we turn our attention to the new fiscal year, we are excited about our initiatives and plans, many of which are built on recent investments that we have made to grow the business. These 2014 initiatives include the launch of approximately 100 new items, crossing all key brands and categories. At the same time, we project another increase in marketing support, including new advertising and digital investments. Recently, we announced our sponsorship of the 2014 and 2016 U.S. Olympics and Paralympics teams, and we are proud to play a part in supporting these talented athletes. Related initiatives will span TV advertising, retailer and consumer promotions, product packaging and digital support behind our participating brands of Folgers, Jif, Smucker's and Uncrustables. At CAGNY, we discussed our ongoing focus on growing these same key brands. With the coffee supply chain project complete and the food spreads activities concluding in the coming months, we have initiated capital projects to provide capacity necessary to support the additional growth opportunities of our Jif and Uncrustable brands. This includes expanding our nut butter supply chain footprint, including converting our Memphis fruit spreads plant into a peanut butter facility. In addition, we are progressing on capacity expansion initiatives at our Uncrustable facility. In 2014, we expect to complete the installation of an additional sandwich line. This comes on the heels of recently doubling our bread baking capacity. And finally, our expectations for continued growth and the ability to generate significant free cash flow provides flexibility to support our cash deployment strategy, be it acquisitions or returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In a few minutes, Mark will share the details on our outlook for fiscal 2014. As we look ahead, we are excited about the new year and remain confident in our long-term strategy, the strength of our leading brands and our employees' ability to execute with the operational excellence that the marketplace and our customers have continued to expect from Smucker's. With that, I'll turn the call over to Vince for an update on our business segments.
Vincent C. Byrd: Thank you, Richard. Good morning, everyone. As we began fiscal 2013, we outlined several key areas of focus in response to a challenging economy, volatility in the commodity markets and increased competition. These included furthering our brand-building efforts, demonstrating price leadership, continuing to optimize our supply chain and acquisition integration. The results we achieved for the year, including a strong fourth quarter, validate our commitment to these priorities. Of particular note is our ongoing focus on innovations as products launched during the past 3 years represented $530 million of fiscal 2013 net sales. In addition, share of market remain strong across our businesses with increased dollar share in most of our key categories for the latest 12-week IRI scan period. Let me now provide some color on each segment's results and highlight upcoming initiatives as we look to carry this momentum into 2014. Starting with U.S. Retail Coffee segment. Our fourth quarter performance was very strong, with volume up 6% and profit growth of 18%. Moderating green coffee cost provided the opportunity to lower prices during the year. These pricing actions, along with our brand-building initiatives, contributed to the segment achieving year-over-year volume growth in each quarter of 2013, resulting in a 4% volume increase for the full year. Ultimately, volume growth, along with the continued benefits of profitable mix and restructuring savings, helped deliver 12% segment profit growth in 2013. Keep in mind, because we took pricing down earlier in the fiscal year before recognizing lower cost, our profit was back half-loaded. Despite the timing impacts this may have quarter-to-quarter, we continue to manage the price-to-cost relationship over a longer period. And on a full year basis, the net impact did not significantly contribute to segment profit growth. Looking at the key coffee categories, we are pleased with the ongoing growth of our K-Cup business. Sales increased 18% in the fourth quarter, resulting in full year sales of nearly $290 million. While as expected the growth rate has slowed, we remain bullish on K-Cups. New users continue to enter the category and our relationship with Green Mountain Coffee remains strong. This year, we will launch 2 new varieties and we project net sales for our K-Cups to grow approximately 15% in 2014. Our premium coffee business also delivered a strong fourth quarter with volume of Dunkin' Donuts up 29%, reflecting a softer comp in the prior year, our emphasis on better managing price gaps and our marketing support. In addition, our relaunched Folgers Gourmet Selections bagged coffee performed well with 10% volume growth in the quarter. In 2014, we'll expand our offerings in the premium coffee by launching Dunkin' Donuts bakery series, along with our new 100% UTZ Certified line under the Life is good brand. Consumer preference in the premium coffee continues to shift away from the bulk segment. Accordingly, we have decided to exit our bulk coffee business by the end of the fiscal year. In 2013, this business, which is primarily sold under the Millstone brand, provided $25 million in sales and did not significantly impact segment profit. However, we remain committed to the Millstone brand and will continue to support the Millstone K-Cups and bagged coffee business. In mainstream coffee, we are encouraged by the results for the quarter. Volume for Folgers roast and ground grew 4%, benefiting from recent pricing actions and brand support. We are also pleased to note that Folgers has been named Coffee Brand of the Year in the 2013 Harris Poll rankings. This award speaks to the ongoing strength and relevance of the iconic Folgers brand. Similar to coffee, the Consumer Foods segment achieved solid volume growth in the quarter, up 4% over the prior year. Although segment profit declined in the fourth quarter, it was up 6% for the full year. Looking at our key categories. Volume performance was led by peanut butter, reflecting 17% volume growth for the Jif brand. As noted in our release, the prior year volume was challenged due to a 30% price increase earlier in fiscal 2012. As previously discussed, a 10% price decline was taken in January in advance of lower recognized peanut costs. While our cost decreased somewhat in the quarter, the net impact of price-to-cost was unfavorable to segment profit growth and more than offset the favorable amount realized earlier in the year. We expect peanut cost will show a more pronounced decline as we proceed to the back half of this fiscal year. Also within peanut butter, last month, we began to downsize our core 18-ounce Jif item to 16 ounces, consistent with the other offerings in the space. In addition, we passed through a price decline that reflects the downside, anticipating an improvement in the competitive positioning of the brand. Continuing our efforts to extend the Jif brand, we will also look forward to the upcoming launch of several new and exciting products, including Jif Whips along with Jif Almond and Cashew Butter. Fruit spreads achieved a second consecutive quarter of solid volume growth, including the contribution from our recently announced Smucker's natural fruit spreads offering. Our actions taken earlier in the year to narrow price gaps contributed to these results. Supported by the expected incremental restructuring savings related to the new Orrville facility, we took additional price declines on selected fruit spreads effective late April, averaging approximately 11%. Our Smucker's Uncrustables offering in this segment also achieved another strong quarter, with volume up 22%. And we look for this momentum to carry into 2014. Combined with spreads, our overall PB&J business is well positioned for the upcoming back-to-school promotional period. In the baking aisle, the launch of 6 new summer seasonal items contributed to strong fourth quarter performance of our Pillsbury business. Volume was up 5% despite the effect of the previously discussed cake mix downsizing, as well as a change in our promotional strategy on cake. While both impacted year-over-year volume, these actions continued to improve the profitability of the Pillsbury business. Let me conclude my remarks for the overall U.S. retail business by reinforcing we are pleased with the fourth quarter performance. Combined, Coffee and Consumer Food segments delivered the highest year-over-year volume growth in the last 15 quarters. Let me now turn to International, Foodservice and Natural Food segment, where net sales decreased 9% in the fourth quarter. This decline was due in part to the initial impacts of exiting both the private label roast and ground coffee business acquired in last year's foodservice transaction, as well as a portion of the school foodservice business. Expanding on the coffee rationalization, volume has been impacted by the loss of the business for other related beverages due to the bundled nature of certain contracts and relationships. While we anticipate losing a portion of the more profitable business in the transaction, the extent is somewhat greater than initially projected and we now estimate a modestly higher impact on sales and profit from this exit. We expect to complete the rationalization of the private label coffee and Uncrustables by the third quarter of fiscal 2014. Recognizing these changes, we remain pleased with the performance of our core liquid coffee component of the acquisition. This summer, we'll be launching Folgers liquid coffee in the foodservice channel. As a brand the consumers know and trust, we look forward to the growth opportunities this provides. The scale this acquisition created for our foodservice business provided an opportunity to enter a new multiyear licensing and distribution agreement with Cumberland Packing Corporation. Next month, we'll begin marketing and distributing Cumberland's branded tabletop sweeteners, including Sweet'N Low and Sugar In The Raw in the foodservice channel in the U.S. and in the retail and foodservice channels in Canada. These products will serve as a complement to our foodservice beverage business, while also expanding our tabletop presence. The remaining portions of this segment delivered a solid 2013. On a full year basis, the majority of our categories in Canada achieved volume, sales and market share growth with particularly strong contributions from the coffee business, including our K-Cup offerings. Finally, our natural foods category realized a strong fourth quarter. This caps off another year of solid growth as consumer interest in the natural and organic food space remains strong. Overall, for this segment, with the expected contributions from the new products and increased marketing support in 2014, the businesses remain well positioned. Looking back over the past year, we are pleased with the progress on the key focus areas I outlined earlier. Building on this momentum, we are excited about the investments, innovation and other brand-building initiatives planned for 2014, especially our sponsorship of the U.S. Olympic teams. I will now turn the call over to Mark to discuss our consolidated results for the fourth quarter and to provide details on our outlook for 2014.
Mark R. Belgya: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin with a few comments on fourth quarter results. Net sales decreased $16 million or 1%, reflecting a 5% impact of lower net price realization, primarily driven by price declines taken in coffee and peanut butter. A 2% increase in volume and a favorable sales mix helped to mostly offset the price impact. Non-GAAP earnings per share exceeded the high end of our implied fourth quarter guidance range by 13%. This outperformance is attributable to several factors, notably stronger-than-expected volume across our U.S. retail business, favorable absorption of manufacturing overhead, a lower-than-projected tax rate and the purchase of shares under our buyback program. GAAP earnings per share were $1.22 this quarter and $0.93 in the fourth quarter of last year. Special project cost, as defined in our press release, continued to decline on a year-over-year basis as the underlying activities wind down. Also last year's fourth quarter included a significant portion of the merger integration costs associated with the foodservice acquisition. Excluding special project costs, earnings per share were $1.29 this quarter and $1.10 last year, an increase of 17%. Operating income, excluding special project cost, was up 5%, reflecting a mix- and volume-driven increase in gross profit. The favorable impact of lower manufacturing overhead caused by decreased costs and higher production volume also contributed to the higher gross profit. SD&A expenses increased 9% for the quarter, resulting from a 17% increase in marketing, along with higher G&A expenses that reflect incentive compensation cost adjusting up. The income tax rate was 32.1% in the quarter, which was below our expectations with lower state income taxes being the largest contributor to the decline. This compares to a 36.5% rate in the prior year's fourth quarter. For the full year, the tax rate decreased from 34.4% in 2012 to 33.4%. Cash provided by operations was $172 million in the quarter. And this brings the full year total to $856 million compared to $731 million last year. The increase primarily reflects the higher current year income and a net decrease in cash used for working capital. Capital expenditures were $60 million in the quarter and $207 million for the full year. This resulted in 2013 free cash flow of $649 million. Let me conclude our formal comments by providing sales, earnings and cash flow guidance for 2014. As noted in this morning's release, we expect non-GAAP income per share in the range of $5.65 to $5.75 compared to $5.37 this past year. This range assumes weighted average shares of 106.5 million. Excluding amortization expense of nearly $100 million or $0.62 per share, the corresponding guidance would be $6.27 to $6.37. Much of the year-over-year EPS increase is expected to come in the back half of 2014. Net sales are anticipated to be comparable to this past year. On the plus side, mix should remain favorable, driven by coffee and peanut butter in the U.S. retail segments. In addition, the new Cumberland distribution agreement is expected to add $35 million of sales all in International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment. Offsetting these factors is the full year impact of price declines taken in 2013. We anticipate the overall volume to be flat. The U.S. retail segments are expected to increase approximately 2%, but the International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment will be down, reflecting the incremental impact of the business rationalizations. Combined, these reductions are expected to have a high single-digit percent impact on net sales for the International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment. Including these reductions, the segment volume would be up modestly. The net impact of lower commodity cost within our basket of goods will be favorable to COGS in 2014. Lower costs are expected for coffee, peanuts and sweeteners. The flour and milk cost is projected to be slightly higher. Favorable mix is also expected to contribute to gross profit growth. Including the effect of pricing actions taken to date, we expect an increase of approximately 200 basis points in gross margin, excluding special project costs, with contributions coming from all 3 segments. Incremental supply chain savings of approximately $15 million are anticipated as the projects are expected to deliver nearly $60 million in run rate savings for 2014. This is slightly ahead of our previous projections, reflecting higher-than-estimated savings realized in 2013. A majority of this year's incremental savings are being generated from our new Orrville facility. And as Vince noted, we plan to reinvest these savings in our Smucker's fruit spread business in part through the April price reductions and increased marketing. Overall, SD&A expenses are expected to increase approximately 8% over 2013. This includes an increase in marketing of 10%, along with costs associated with a significant information systems upgrade and other corporate initiatives. We expect much of the gross profit gains will lead to year-over-year increases in the coffee and International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segments. We expect Consumer Foods segment profit to be comparable to fiscal 2013, due mostly to increased marketing and distribution costs. Further, it should be noted that while peanut costs will be lower versus the prior year, the cost-price relationship will negatively impact margins in the first half of the year. Below operating income, net interest expense of nearly $93 million is projected, including interest associated with anticipated borrowings on our revolver. Tax rate of 33.5%, comparable to this past year, is our current assumption. Turning to cash flow. Capital expenditures of $270 million are planned with $45 million related to restructuring projects, including our peanut butter footprint expansion. The increase in CapEx over 2013 reflects these investments to support the future growth of peanut butter, as well as our Uncrustables business. Also this year, construction will commence on a new innovation center located on our Orrville campus. That will enhance our ability to collaborate with customers once completed in fiscal 2015. Special project costs of just over $30 million or $0.20 per share are expected, with most having a cash impact. The remaining noncash charges primarily represent accelerated depreciation. Excluding special project costs, depreciation and amortization expenses should approximate $245 million. When factoring all of these in, free cash flow of $600 million is expected, assuming a slight reduction in the use of cash for working capital. While free cash flow is expected to be down from the prior year, we remain on track to achieve our $850 million free cash flow target for fiscal 2017. And finally, we felt it was important to point out a couple of key factors related to the first quarter. Last year's results included $20 million in favorable unrealized mark-to-market adjustments and significant timing-related effects from the price-to-cost relationships, which negatively impacted coffee and favorably impacted Consumer Foods. Taking these into consideration and also factoring in our commentary for this year, the current estimate for our first quarter 2014 reported non-GAAP EPS is expected to be comparable with the prior year's first quarter. As I stated earlier, we expect much of our reported non-GAAP EPS growth will occur in the back half of the year. In closing, let me reiterate how pleased we are with this past year's performance with record levels of sales, earnings and cash flow. We would like to thank our constituents for their continued support, and we look forward to another successful year. With that, we will open the call up to your questions. Operator, can you please queue up the first question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will go to Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You mentioned in the press release that for the year, prices were down more than the benefit from lower input cost. I'm assuming this is primarily because of a mismatch between price and cost in peanut butter, and that price and cost were more aligned or even maybe a net positive, specifically for coffee in the year. Is that a fair statement?
Mark R. Belgya: Andrew, yes. Andrew, this is Mark Belgya. That's exactly correct.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then you talked about, over last couple of quarters, some of the pricing actions that you were taking for various different reasons in some of the businesses. And it certainly seems like the volume response anyway that you're getting would be one that sort of bears out the reason for having done some of that. So as you go into '14, what's the thinking around some of those activities around either promotional price points and things where you made some tactical decisions? Do you keep going with those? Do you expand maybe the scope of some of that, given you got more reasonable input cost flexibility just because you're seeing the -- certainly the positive impact on volume?
Vincent C. Byrd: Andrew, this is Vince. I think, overall as a category -- or categorically, we would say yes. We'll continue to emphasize managing our price gaps. It obviously takes into account our position on the commodity in question. But yes, we will continue that activity.
Richard K. Smucker: And Andrew, this is Richard. And that being said, as you know, we don't just sell on price. And so we're very price-sensitive to not give promotions that are unreasonable.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes. I think it's more -- let me just expand. I think it's more about applying the learnings that we have on our pricing gaps and our elasticities that we were doing a better job of managing.
Operator: We'll go next to Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess, the first question on the Pillsbury business, is it something in the competitive set that's making you, I guess as you put it, materially change your promotional strategy there?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Eric, it's Paul Wagstaff. Actually, when we look at the overall Pillsbury business in the baking aisle, we felt that the change in promotional strategy was driven by not so much competitive, but what we felt would be an opportunity to improve margins overall and still take some of those margins and reinvest in innovation, which we've been able to do, and grow that business pretty significantly. So we think it's a right strategy, and so far it's been working.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess on the foodservice coffee, the liquid part of it, can you just -- you've had the business for a little over a year, I guess, or close to it and you're finally going to be scaling back to that core business. Maybe you could just kind of give a bit of detail on how big the business is today and how big you think it can be and what -- how far you're willing to go in terms of being a, let's say, like a distributor, which I guess is kind of what this Cumberland business, what that is for you.
Steven T. Oakland: Eric, Steve Oakland. Let me take you through a couple of pieces of that. As you know, when we finally closed the Sara Lee deal, we ended up with a lot of noise in that business and this private label volume and the customer relationships. And so yes, that's been frustrating to get that all right and get through that. But behind that, the liquid coffee business, the core liquid coffee business, both in United States, Canada and Mexico has grown during that period. And it's grown with the Douwe Egberts brand on it. And although well recognizing the great brand in much of Europe and other parts of the world, it is unrecognized in North America. So we're very excited about putting the Folgers brand on it. And that allows us to take that product, the high-volume coffee outlets, where it will be front-of-house, where the consumer will see the piece of equipment. So we think that opens up a whole new realm of opportunities for us. So that will happen in the next month or so, but we'll start shipping that product. And the response to date has been great, so excited about that. Number two, the Cumberland arrangement. And I think if we step back and look at what we did to foodservice, we did the foodservice what we did to the Smucker Company years ago with the Jif and Crisco opportunity. We really increased our scale and our relevance to the customer. So being in the coffee business, it's a key category to every foodservice operator. And so you take out all of the noise we've done, we created a direct sales opportunity. We have national sales and service, so we've got much deeper coverage. So things like the Cumberland, quite frankly, is the first benefit you'll see of that new scale. Cumberland came to us. They're a wonderful family company. It's probably more of a sales and marketing agreement. We think it will have good margins long-term for both parties. And what's more, closely aligned to us in tabletop Sugar In The Raw, tabletop Sweet'N Low. And they've got a great new product line that we think we can take to market over time. So we're excited about that. And that's a first look at the benefit of Sara Lee on the foodservice business.
Mark R. Belgya: Let me add. This is Mark Belgya. When we announced the deal, and I know over the last couple of quarters we've talked about the dollar impact on the sale side of exiting the portions of the business that we did not want to keep. And that number's kind of have been between $75 million and $100 million. It's probably closer to $110 million. And most of that will come through this year, primarily through the first 3 quarters. It's probably about $75 million to $80 million would be the current year impact.
Vincent C. Byrd: Eric, this is Vince. Let me just expand on Paul's answer relative to the Pillsbury. It's a great example of what Richard was speaking to in the first question. We actually reduced our trade spend because of learnings that we had relative to our frequency and depth. And even though it affected some of our share, it was a conscious decision because it improved our bottom line and allows us to invest back in the brand.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, on the -- just last question on the guidance and the waiting. How much of it, Mark, would you say is due to the timing in peanut butter and costs and the roll-off of the inventory, I guess, versus the exiting of the rest of this Sara Lee stuff and ramping up of Cumberland, et cetera? Like how do we -- like bucket-wise, the guidance, the waiting and the difference between $5.65 versus $5.75 on the earnings?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. I guess what I would say, Eric, is that it clearly is heavily impacted by the cost of the peanuts. We will certainly move into lower-cost peanuts as we progress through the year [indiscernible] compared to the price decline we took. So that is going to be a heavy back end. In terms of the exited business in foodservice, that's a little bit more radically over to Q2 and Q3.
Operator: And we'll go next to Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: First question is on volume. It clearly outperformed your expectations during the current quarter. If you had to kind of parse out the reasons for that outperformance versus your expectations, do you think it was easy comps? Do you think it's your marketing programs and promotional programs? Or do you think it's the consumer is just getting more comfortable with the prices on the shelf now?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Farha, this is Paul. I'll start, Mark, and then you can go. On some of the categories like peanut butter, for example, we got pricing back in line to what made sense with the consumer. And clearly, we saw significant increase. Jif was up 17% for the quarter, so that was good. When you look at our frosting business, we were up 17%. That was also driven by a couple of factors, the new product launches that have done very well, and we're very pleased with that, and some of the promotional dialogue that we talked about earlier. Fruit spreads was also up 4%, and we have taken some pricing action on that as well as launching some new items. So I think it's a combination of pricing, new products and getting back in line from a price point perspective on shelf.
Mark T. Smucker: And Farha, this is Mark Smucker. Just on coffee, I think it's basically everything that Paul just said. I mean, we did, of course, have a bit of a soft comp coming off of the last -- the prior Q4. But given all of our consumer and customer support, given the excellent pricing management that we had and just getting our absolute prices as well as those gaps right, we really saw good momentum. And I will daresay that that momentum in the latest 4 looks to be continuing. So not only were our shipments good, but also the consumer pull-through seems to be good as well.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: I'll just add to that. This is Paul again. I'd say the same thing on momentum. Our momentum looks like it's continuing through this next quarter, so we're in really good shape.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, Farha. This is Richard. If I had to put a percentage on it, I'd say that probably 80% of the actions that we've taken internally and 20% results of consumers feeling a little more confident. But it was more, I think, what we're doing. And we do see the consumer being a little more confident. But that's the smaller portion of it to.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. And then my second question is on your cost savings effort. You saved $90 million this year. Could you share with us what your run rate is for next year, any new initiative? And more particularly, your thoughts in how much you, longer-term, think you'll reinvest back into your business versus just sort of allow to fall to the bottom line? Just your thinking on how you think about those cost savings.
Mark R. Belgya: Farha, this is Mark Belgya. Maybe if you wouldn't mind, just for clarification, I think you said $90 million. I'm not quite sure we're that --
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry. Was that your cost savings actions? Did I get the $90 million wrong? What did you save in terms of cost savings for 2013, and what do you expect for 2014 from those pricing actions?
Mark R. Belgya: Okay, thank you, yes. Around our supply chain initiatives?
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. What we said is that on a full year run rate basis, we're now up to $60 million. You'll recall when we announced this a few years ago, we said that that total would be $70 million. So we'll hit that $70 million fully in fiscal '15, and that really comes once the Orrville plan is all online and everything's in transition. And this year, we did take the opportunity -- we'll be taking the opportunity to take those incremental savings, that sort of first batch of savings, if you will, from Orrville and putting that back into the fruit spreads. That was part of our intention all along. I think we've said that some of that savings, overall, from our projects would flow through the bottom line, but we would also take the opportunity to reinvest. And specifically, as it's related to fruit spreads on price shelfing, particularly with private label, had widened a bit more than we like. So -- and we see this as a great opportunity to take those first batch of savings and put that back against the pricing. There will be more next year. If all goes well, hopefully, that will be more directed towards the bottom line. But we'll wait to see how that plays out.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. I just want to compliment our team, in case any of them are listening. They did a wonderful job of building this $150 million plant to give us even better quality than we've ever had and started it up on a very rapid basis, and we've been able to produce product at better quality at lower cost. So it was a great combination. The team did a wonderful job on that.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just want to ask you, first of all, on the coffee division. You've had 2 really solid quarters, in part its comparisons to the prior year. But we've had a persistent decline in the underlying input, the green coffee costs. So my question is as you go into early -- to fiscal '14, it would seem like that benefits should continue to accrue to the company. I know you've taken a pricing decline, but the decline in input cost looks like it's even more dramatic than that. Would you expect that pricing versus cost deflation benefit to continue into the first quarter? I know you've called for overall flat EPS. But that division particularly, will that see a benefit?
Mark T. Smucker: This is Mark Smucker, Chris. Yes, I think -- a couple of comments. First of all, as you recall, obviously, we buy both robusta and arabica. And so robusta price have been firm. Arabica has seen a -- what I would call a consistently gradual decline. And as you know, when we priced for that in February, we did reflect some of that. And so it is -- there are a combination of factors, and as we go forward and look into the next couple of quarters, we will take a pricing action when our cost and position dictate that we do that. So we keep an eye on it. But again, I guess I would just emphasize, it's not just arabica. There are other factors in the prices of the instruments that we trade.
Mark R. Belgya: Chris, it's Mark Belgya. Just to add in, I think just to underscore a comment that I had in my scripted remarks is that last year's first quarter in coffee, too, we sort of led with price, a little advance the declining coffee. So last year's profitability was, I'd call it, a bit of a softer comp as well. So the combination of 2 will affect the Q1 of '14.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: But it also reiterates in a kind of -- a bit to the question that, I think, Eric answered -- asked earlier about basically trying to keep the pressure on the -- if you get pricing to match cost deflation, in this case, and trying to keep that volume momentum, that seems to be the underlying theme here though. Is that correct in the coffee division?
Mark T. Smucker: Yes.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one quick follow-up, and that would be that you've called out another pretty solid increase in marketing for the year. I know it was -- the increase was pretty -- it was strong in fiscal '13, little less the initially anticipated because of some shift to promotion. So I just want to understand that, kind of how you look at promotion in fiscal '14 in relation to that pretty solid marketing increase. Is there any kind of reversal there, or how do those 2 interplay in fiscal '14?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Chris, Paul Wagstaff here. A couple of things we're doing on marketing side, obviously, it's the Olympics is impacting our increase in spending. Again, we're very excited about the opportunity. And I know on the consumer side, it's the Jif, it's the Uncrustables and the Smucker's brand and it's in Folgers in coffee. And then also we have -- we're launching 58 new items, I know, on the consumer food side, and so our marketing is increasing because of that investment spending.
Vincent C. Byrd: Chris, this is Vince Byrd. Let me just say that the trade spend is one area that we obviously compose a lever versus our other marketing elements, and so we clearly are pleased that we increased the marketing in '13. Our plan is to increase marketing in '14. Trade spend will ebb and flow a little bit depending upon, again, our pricing position of our commodities and where we need to be competitive in the marketplace. So it will -- it'll increase or decrease depending upon where we are, our position of our raw materials, as well as competitive activity.
Operator: And we'll go next to Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I just follow up on Chris's question about marketing spending? A couple of questions linked to that. Can you quantify roughly how much marketing expenditure is expected to increase in fiscal '14? And then on the quarter, how much is marketing spending in coffee up?
Mark R. Belgya: Alexia, this is Mark Belgya. For the fiscal '14, round numbers, is that 10% increase will equate to about $0.20 of EPS. And then I think, again, this is sort of broad brush, probably about half of that would be more Olympics related, as part of Olympics. In terms of the coffee, we don't really give increases other than I can say it's significant increase in marketing in Q4.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Great. And then a quick follow-up, your share repurchases have obviously driven a nice bump to the EPS growth in fiscal '14. Your cash flow is moderating slightly this year, but would you expect uses of cash to be broadly the same in fiscal '14 as you've seen this year?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. I don't see a significant change in our assumptions around cash deployment. Now of course, the question will be if that's the case, then why are the shares right now basically unchanged for the year. That's pretty much the approach we take when we plan. We don't assume buyback because you buy it on day one of the year and has a completely different impact if you buy it on the last day of the year. But just from an actual use of cash, it still plays a very big part of our deployment.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You're guiding to, if my math is right, 5% to 7% EPS growth next year. That's below your long-term guidance, and the only time you've been that low since you bought coffee was 2012 when coffee costs were spiking pretty hard, right. So now you have coffee going the other way. I know you mentioned robusta not being down as much. But I'm looking at the futures in Bloomberg. It looks like robusta's pretty straight line down over the last few months. So I'm just curious if you can highlight some of the strongest headwinds you see into '14 that are going to offset the benefits of those lower bean costs. And I realize you've outlined some of these, right. I'm just hoping to kind of pick your brain about how we may weigh some of them more heavily than others, if we can.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, I think -- Ken, this Mark Belgya again. Just to talk to some of the major drivers, obviously, I just mentioned the marketing impact, which 10% is -- although we did it last year, I wouldn't it's the normal amount of marketing support. So you can pick whatever you think the right number is and take that EPS impact. I think also on some of the exited business, between the Uncrustables, the out of school that we're exiting consciously as well as the private label coffee and the affiliated items around that, that also had -- if you total all together, it's probably another $0.05 to $0.10, which I'm guessing you may not have factored in. So those really are 2 key drivers of maybe what the expectations were versus where our guidance range is directing.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then second question, I realize you previously guided to a decline at some point, but your prior guidance implied around $300 million in K-Cup sales for the year. You came in about $10 million below that. So can you help us understand what happened this quarter that maybe you didn't anticipate? And I guess as a corollary to that, your K-Cup growth was lower this quarter than what Nielsen might have forecast as well. So I'm hoping to get some color from you, whether this was an issue of measured versus non-measured channels or more about the timing of shipments.
Mark T. Smucker: Ken, this is Mark Smucker. I think, generally, K-Cup's ended up pretty much where we thought they were going to end up. I think the guidance that we gave were almost spot on. And it is -- it does go back to what -- we talked about the law of large numbers and as things grow, you're going to see this percent decline decrease. Having said that, if we're talking about a 15% growth for the coming year, it's still double digits. We still feel very good about that, and it actually is generally in line with what our #1 partner has guided to as well, I think, in their most recent call. So we still feel optimistic. We've got some new products coming out in K-Cups this year, and so we still feel good about our opportunities there.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But for 6 straight quarters, your incremental sales from K-Cups were at least $30 million and they suddenly dropped to $11 million. I guess I'm curious, that's not a law of large numbers. That's a pretty sudden drop. What was -- what really did you see this quarter? Was it competitive activity? Was it the category declining? What did you see that drove the quickness of that drop, I guess, is what I'm going for?
Vincent C. Byrd: Well, Ken, this is Vince. Again, I would go back to Mark's initial comment is we're still on a pretty significant steep ramp up. The other thing, of course, is we have a number of unlicensed participants that are getting trial during -- over the last 3 to 6 months, and so that obviously has an impact on the category. If you look at the Nielsen or IRI data, you will see how much those unlicensed participants have affected the category. So again, I would go back to what Mark said, to build a $290 million business in a short period of time, we are very, very pleased with.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jonathan Feeney with Janney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask about the cash flow, both the timing over the course of the year, and I apologize if I've missed this, but you talked about $600 million for next year. This year, you got some -- about $40 million, it seems, out of working capital, and you made a $40 million pension contribution. Could you talk about maybe working capital and pension for next year in the context of your $600 million guidance?
Mark R. Belgya: Sure. In terms of the pension, we would not have that kind of contribution this year. That was to help support some of the things that we had done around some lump sum payouts that will return to a much lower amount in '14. I guess my primary comment, Jon, would be around working capital. We still feel -- and this is not just a '14 comment, this is probably a more longer-term comment, that we still can drive that number down. So we've assumed -- we look at it as a percent of revenues. So we think we can take it down another point, which would be about a $50 million reduction. So we've got that roughly built into our '14 estimates. Now -- and you may have missed this, so I apologize if you've heard this. But in terms of just a year-over-year decline from the $650 million to $600 million, that really is driven by the capital expenditure increase. We're going from $207 million this year to $270 million next year. So -- and as we've said, as we move out towards 2017, we've got a couple of years of high amount. And we really think that at least most of the major capital expenditures will be behind us, and we'll see that taper down a bit. And that should help us deliver that $850 million that we've been talking about.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: So if you hit your target on working capital reduction, I could do this math, but -- I mean, about roughly how much money would that be?
Mark R. Belgya: Well, it'd be 1% of sales, so roughly $50 million to $60 million.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And D&A somewhere around $260 million? It was $260 million last year?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, $250 million to $260 million. That would include special project. I think without it, I think I said that was $245 million.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. So -- but I guess if I put all those things together, I would get to a number a little higher than $600 million x the pension piece. So I -- it's just that you're being kind of conservative there or...
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. I mean, obviously it's early yet. The key about working capital, as you know, it all kind of contingent on where you sit on April 30. So our best guess would put it there, and hopefully, we're a little conservative.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Right, okay. And just one other question is -- both the peanut butter and the coffee category have -- necessarily, due to some of your commodity price corrections, are going through some price reductions. And these things do tend to kind of take on a life of their own sometimes. Sometimes it works and price stabilizes, other times it really changes the competitive dynamic quite a bit. Have -- what -- in both of those categories, have declines in price been stimulative to volume? Have they brought volume back to the category, you think, just that specifically? And I know there's a lot of other things going on. And is it playing out competitively the way that you would have thought it would, the way you were planning for as far as it could be measured with price reductions and managing -- and gross profit?
Mark T. Smucker: Jonathan, this is Mark Smucker. I think, generally, the answer to your question is yes. We have seen it played out more or less as expected. In terms of coffee declines and the pricing actions we've taken, in some cases we've actually seen some of the competitors lag in taking a price decline. So we are seeing a bit of compression there. But overall, yes, I think it has helped volume. And as you know, there has -- there continue to be some speculation in the marketplace. It sort of messes with the fundamentals. But overall, I think you're generally correct.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Jonathan, Paul. On the peanut butter side, I agree with Mark. It's similar situation. We feel that -- obviously, the pricing action has definitely stimulated the volume growth, not only for us, but for the category, and we'd anticipate that continuing.
Richard K. Smucker: Jonathan, this is Richard. I just want -- an overall comment on pricing and how we look at it. We -- our strategy is to own the #1 brands, and because of that, we do have some pricing flexibility, both up and down. And -- but the key is responsible pricing. We want the pricing -- again, we don't just compete upon pricing. So we want responsible pricing. We don't want to be in a position where we're driving the market down, and we're very sensitive to that. We don't see that happening. And all the categories that we currently are in have been pretty stable categories in terms of not getting into pricing wars, and so that's always been our leadership position.
Mark T. Smucker: And I guess one more thing, Richard, just to add, is -- in coffee, what we did see, if you recall when prices were really high, consumers started to trade down to more opening price points. And so now we're actually seeing that, like we've always said, it's a smoothing of the hourglass and consumers coming back to the core brands and the important stuff.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Wanted to ask a few coffee questions, Mark. First, was the positive sales mix in coffee also positive to coffee margins?
Mark T. Smucker: Yes, it was.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then second question here, can you guys discuss a little bit more the full year coffee profit growth? I guess what I'm trying to do is to break away from kind of some of this quarterly volatility that we see. I think profits in coffee were up about 12%. I think volumes on the year were up something like 4% or 4.5%. But if you could bridge this, kind of what are the main factors that are driving the profit growth and noting, I did hear your comment that green coffee costs were favorable, but I'm kind of hoping you can rank this stuff for us and get me a little bit of a better understanding on the full year coffee profit algorithm?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, I'd be glad to give. It's Mark Belgya. It really -- it falls in 3 primary buckets. It would be mixed volume and then the cost savings from the restructuring projects, as well as just ongoing projects around cost initiatives. But they're fairly well distributed between the 3 buckets.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And that's true for the full year basis. And then I thought you said to Andrew Lazar's question that green coffee costs were a positive in 2013. I thought he was asking the difference between the peanuts and the coffee, and I thought you said that coffee was a net favorability.
Mark T. Smucker: Not on full year basis. It's pretty -- it might have been up slightly, but it was basically attributed to the other factors that Mark Belgya articulated.
Mark R. Belgya: It was just -- it did contribute. It was just one of probably 5 or 6 components, volume, mix, including a couple of others.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Final quick question, just back to the cash flow. So -- just so I understand, it's something like $600 million in net income for '14. D&A, what was your guidance for D&A for next year?
Mark R. Belgya: It's around $250 million. Plus, it depends on how you take into account the amortization of the restricted stock, which is about $20 million a year.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And you said that next year, you do expect $50 million of working capital benefits, is that right?
Mark R. Belgya: That's what our targeting is. That's correct.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then $270 million of CapEx and all these numbers are supposed to come together for something around $600 million?
Mark R. Belgya: Thereabouts, yes.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just first question on coffee and just the overall category dynamics. I think you guys are consistently hitting $6.99, the $7 price point on your core offering on ground coffee. And part of that, I guess, is being funded by lower coffee cost, right. So can you just talk about the sort of movement in the consumer a little bit more in the coffee aisle? On the one hand, clearly, you're doing a lot more in the premium side with K-Cups doing really well again and you're launching new products there, but it looks like the base business is also starting to come back a little bit. Can you just help bridge that a little bit, give us more color on what's happening, what's sustainable? And how much of that movement back to the mainstream is really just related to coffee prices being where they are?
Mark T. Smucker: Akshay, it's Mark Smucker. Thanks for the question. First of all, just on your first point about promoted pricing, we are not at a $6.99 level. I think the lowest you'd probably see us in market on a -- on deals is about $7.99. And then secondly, to your other questions, you're absolutely right. I mean, there -- the migration back to core has been fantastic. If you look at what we're looking at on our share trends through IRI, we are seeing -- despite a very modest decline in the mainstream segment, we are growing our business, as well as, obviously, share in that segment. And then premium, it's -- again, it's what you said. We are focusing on premium, done good things on Dunkin' from a support perspective as well as getting the pricing right. FGS is doing well, and of course, as you know, we continue to support our K-Cups. So -- and then, of course, even our Hispanic brands are also doing extremely well. So right now, we're feeling very good about all the segments.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just on K-Cups and your guidance for '14. I understand the 15% guidance, and we appreciate you being specific. But when you started this year, I think you said strong double digits, and then you ended up being up over 60%. So can you just help us with the moving parts there, market growth versus market share, and perhaps give us your view on competition? And you talked about -- what I thought was interesting is you said new entrants are getting trial. But my guess is that what you think or what you're seeing is they're getting trial but the repeat rates might not be as strong. So any color there will be great. I'm just trying to understand if you're being conservative with your sort of growth assumption for K-Cups or -- and if that's the case, whether it's sort of share related or category related.
Mark T. Smucker: Okay, sure. Akshay, the -- you're generally -- again, I think you're correct is a lot of the assumptions that you voiced. Frankly, the category is going to continue to grow, and there are -- as Vince mentioned, there's a lot of unlicensed entrants, and they are generating trial. I think it remains to be seen whether or not they continue to generate repeat purchase. I think we feel very confident that we -- over the longer time, the consumer will recognize the relative quality that the licensed entrants provide in their cup of coffee and may migrate back there. But you're going to see a lot of noise in the category over the next couple of quarters. I don't believe necessarily -- I think the 15% is accurate. I think that we're pretty comfortable with that number. And so again, there's been -- although there's been a lot of noise, there has been some quality issues with some of the unlicensed entrants and a recall here and there. So I think that noise will continue, but longer term, our goal is to grow the business even if we may see some slight share erosion in the coming couple of quarters.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And just one last one on -- this is maybe for Mark. But -- you're increasing marketing support, which is great to see. You're launching more new products, and you're having more success with new product launches as well. At what point -- I mean, where are you in that journey of sort of solidifying the organic growth of the company or accelerating, rather, the organic growth rate of the company? And when might we actually see you guys have the confidence to maybe increase your sort of organic growth targets on operating margin -- or operating income?
Mark R. Belgya: Akshay, this is Mark Belgya. I'll -- let me start, and if anyone wants to jump in, please do. I think that -- we do hear you in terms of organic growth. We've been pretty consistent over the last several years in terms of our -- particularly our top line growth expectations being split between organic/new products and acquisition. And we've made a lot of investments. We clearly have exceeded our 1% new product target. And I think that the emphasis we've put on, particularly at CAGNY, where we're talking about Jif and Smucker's growth opportunities, handheld, right now being Uncrustables, I mean, just the nature of what we're talking about and where we're investing our dollars would drive more organic-based growth. So that top line growth, clearly the contribution to the profit level should follow. So I think we've been pretty clear of that. If everything plays out as we hope over the next couple of years, I think you'll see that.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Thilo Wrede with Jefferies & Company.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just had a question on the Sara Lee business and the Cumberland acquisition. I think you said in your remarks that the negative impact from the discontinuation was higher than you initially expected because there were some bundling effects, but then you also said the Cumberland is really the first benefit from the Sara Lee acquisition. How far along are you on the learning curve of understanding or getting the Sara Lee business to say that you can already get incremental business because of Cumberland? Just trying to understand what incremental opportunities could be from Cumberland.
Steven T. Oakland: Thilo, it's Steve Oakland. A couple of things. The contracts that we're exiting, I think the -- what you're seeing in the financial statement, I guess, does not reflect the quality of the work that's going on in the business. The teams are in place. The direct sales forces are in place. We're working through these contracts. They're coming off the financials just when the contracts end. And quite frankly, some of those contracts were so good for the customer, they haven't been able to replace them. So that's why they're running them to the very end. And so that's working its way through. In the interim, our team is -- has been able to add the Cumberland business. And if you think about a tabletop sweetener business, there's very few branded tabletop items, let alone those that tie in directly with our coffee business. So we think there's an opportunity for their current business, but also to launch their line of their own natural sweeteners over time. So that's the first one. We think there are a number, and we don't usually talk about specific opportunities. But we think there are a number of away-from-home branded businesses that we now have the capacity and the organization to support. So we're working hard on those. And like every other business unit, acquisition is a key part of our growth, and we'll work those as they come available.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Would you make any comments when we should expect to see the first updates, what these incremental opportunities could be?
Mark T. Smucker: In the future.
Steven T. Oakland: That's hard to do. As you know, those things are lumpy, right, and you fish and you fish and then eventually one comes about. So they're lumpy. But we're excited about Cumberland. I think it's a great, I think we all know Sugar In The Raw. We all know Sweet'N Low. And hot -- being in the hot beverage business, having that complement is, we think, right on strategy.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, this is Richard. Just on the whole Sara Lee acquisition, that's been a -- it's really been a great acquisition for us and a great fit with our foodservice business, and we feel still -- still feel 100% confident that's going in the right direction. These are basically, in the whole scheme of things, small integration issues that you get into occasionally, and there are whole economics, not that big. But the strategic reason for buying the Sara Lee business is still there. The base business is still very strong. It's given us great credibility in foodservice. And so we don't want to overemphasize just these small changes on a quarter basis, but it's still a very solid acquisition.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: We've been going on in the call for a while. It's a marathon call. So just -- I've only got a couple of small housekeeping questions left for you guys. First question for you, Paul, the peanut butter cost versus price mismatch, I thought you were pretty explicit in the last call saying, "Listen, this is a fourth quarter question issue. We get into the next fiscal year and this thing is all trued up." It sounds like that's not the case, that we still have a bit of a bleed over to the first half of the mismatch. Is that right? Am I hearing you correctly? And if so, what's changed?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Jason, Paul here. Actually, I recall, in the last quarter, that we did mention that it was going to impact for next fiscal year as well. So actually nothing has changed from our perspective. We knew there was going to be an impact going into the first half of fiscal '14, which it's still is. I'd say that the part that we're happy about is that the volume is responding, we were hoping it would, and we would continue to see that momentum continue.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Sounds like it was an interpretation issue on my end then. And then turning to Mark Smucker, one other housekeeping for you. You mentioned price gaps. You felt like you were in a good place. We saw Gevalia announced a price cut in May. We saw Starbucks and Seattle's Best announced price cuts in May as well. On the premium bag end, do you feel comfortable with your price gaps in the wake of those pricing actions from your competitors?
Mark T. Smucker: Jason. Yes, actually, we do. And again, as I think we've said before, we think some of those pricing actions by the competition were lagging ours. So I think we're still positioned very well.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: First question for you, Mark, would be what kind of tax rate you're looking at in fiscal '14? And with regard to -- I'm just thinking about the low tax rate we saw in the fourth quarter. I'm guessing that's not indicative of next year or the current fiscal year?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, that's the lower [ph]. We said, Chuck, it's 33.5%, which is pretty much in line with this year on a full year basis.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Okay. And in looking at the growth rate of K-Cups, 18% in the fourth quarter, would you be willing to say what it might be for fiscal '14? Could we see a slower rate than that?
Mark T. Smucker: For the fiscal year, we said 15% for the full '14.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: All right. And in looking at the package gourmet coffee, there seems to be a lot of new brands in there. What is helping Dunkin' Donuts grow so rapidly, 29%?
Mark T. Smucker: Chuck, it's Mark Smucker again. Basically, it's what we've been talking just in terms of making sure we've got all the right consumer and customer support, as well as getting those -- the pricing, the absolute pricing and the gaps just right. And of course, we have a new product line action that we're launching this year, Dunkin' bakery series, which is not a seasonal item. It is actually a permanent line, and so that will help us. It's flavored coffee. It's flavored like, basically, Dunkin's pastries and doughnuts in their shop, and we feel very good that that will add to the growth as well.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Robert Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Just a couple of quick questions. I guess -- you said, I guess, for Q1 you expect EPS to basically be flat relative to last year. Should we be expecting the volumes to now be down in the first half or at least in Q1, just considering the fairly easy comparison we've seen in Q3 and Q4?
Mark R. Belgya: Rob, it's Mark Belgya. No, I wouldn't say that, because what you're going to see is the volume -- overall, the volume decline is due to the exit of the businesses, and that's more of a Q2 and Q3 event as opposed to the first quarter. So I would not make that statement.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, perfect. And then also on the K-Cup side, I mean, there's obviously a lot of questions around the K-Cup business. If we see this -- we've seen decelerating growth, obviously, in the category for some time now. It's still good. It's still double-digit growth. But as I said, as we think forward, really I guess in the first half or into the holiday season, and with coffee cost down as much and with increased competition now in the market, I mean, should there be an expectation that, maybe not just for you, but that we could -- overall, can start to see a bit more price decline in K-Cups? Because you really haven't seen much. But as you talk about the unlicensed competitors, when you think about what's happening on the Kraft side, et cetera, would you expect more price competition to come over the next 2 quarters?
Mark T. Smucker: Rob, this is Mark Smucker again, a little bit. I mean, I think with some of the new entrants, we have seen some tiering in -- price tiering in the category. So you've got at least 3, if not 4 different pricing tiers in the category. Again, I think we go back to just our relative brand strength and quality to continue to drive repeat purchase in our brands, as well as some of the license. So it's typical to what we would see, basically, in the broader category. So I think we feel pretty comfortable where we are today.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, great. And then the last question, if you actually can comment on this, I'm not sure, but we heard, obviously, that Green Mountain and Starbucks that their contract was renewed. We're not hearing it from you. I don't mean that that implies anything. But I am curious, like within the given contract, are you able to add as many SKUs and as much capacity, et cetera, as you want, or are there restrictions, et cetera?
Mark T. Smucker: Sure. Two things, first of all, we don't comment on the specifics of the agreement with Green Mountain, but we are adding SKUs. We're actually launching 2 new items this year. And as it relates to the other partners that Green Mountain has, we feel that we're on a level playing field.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: More specifically in terms of the K-Cups, there seems to be a little bifurcation here between Folgers, where you're still getting some reasonably good growth, but Millstone looks increasingly weak calendar year to date. So just wondering if you can elaborate a little bit on the dynamics for Millstone, what can you do to stabilize that brand going forward?
Mark T. Smucker: Sure. Again, Mark Smucker here, John. Yes, we've seen a little bit of softness on Millstone. Obviously, the Folgers brand is doing very well. I think 2 things, I would just say that that -- the softness you've seen right now is probably driven just by, again, some of that trial that we've seen and the number of entrants in the category. But I will -- we are very confident that although we're exiting the Millstone bulk business, we are going to remain committed to that brand and continue to support it, both in the bag format as well as in the K-Cup format.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a follow-up in terms of the Rowland brands. Those also seem to have slowed a little bit in terms of the roast and ground. Anything there you can call out, maybe consumers trading back to the core with prices coming down? Just elaborating on that and then your thoughts on distribution growth for that portfolio going forward.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes. I think as we go forward, we're still very comfortable with that, and we're going to continue to drive that. There is plenty of opportunity for both Bustelo and Pilon to grow the brand with distribution as well as with new consumers. So I -- we're still very bullish on that. In the end, and as we said -- we've also said we're going to double that business in 5 years, and we're on track to do that.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, thank you very much for your call today. We appreciate it. And we have a solid plan in place for next year and look forward to executing it. So have a great weekend. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 1 (888) 203-1112 or 1 (719) 457-0820 with a passcode of 2721955. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-02-15 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sonal P. Robinson - Director of Corporate Finance, Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive officer and Director Vincent C. Byrd - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Mark R. Belgya - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President Mark T. Smucker - President Of US Retail Coffee and Director Paul Smucker Wagstaff - Director and President of U.S. Retail Consumer Foods Steven T. Oakland - President Of International, Foodservice And Natural Foods
Analysts: Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the J.M. Smucker Company's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference call over to Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Robinson.
Sonal P. Robinson: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; Vince Byrd, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Oakland, President, International, Foodservice and Natural Foods; Mark Smucker, President, U.S. Retail Coffee; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President, U.S. Retail Consumer Foods. Following this introduction, I will turn the call over to Richard for opening remarks. Vince will then discuss the results for our business segments, and Mark will close with additional comments on our financial results for the quarter and our outlook for the full year. As you may know, the company will be presenting at the CAGNY Conference next Tuesday, February 19. We look forward to updating you on many of our key strategic initiatives at CAGNY. Therefore, our prepared comments today will be shorter than usual. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risk and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning forward-looking statements. Let me also remind you that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our website at smuckers.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please contact me or Mark Belgya. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Smucker: Thank you, Sonal, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on this call. I also look forward to seeing most of you next week at CAGNY. We entered the important holiday season positioned for growth in many of our categories and are pleased with the continued momentum that we've seen in our company. We've -- our proven strategy of generating growth through brand building, innovation, acquisitions and productivity initiatives allowed us to deliver another quarter of sales gains and strong earnings growth. Let me summarize some of the key highlights of the quarter. Net sales increased 6% led by our strategic growth drivers of acquisitions and product innovation. Looking briefly at our 3 segments. Coffee volume increased slightly in the quarter due to the strong performance of K-Cups. The Cafe Bustelo and Pilon brands also achieved double-digit growth during the quarter. And Folgers was modestly impacted by the canister constraint we discussed last quarter. Consumer Foods net sales were up 4% as a result of increases for this Jif and the Smucker brands. Overall, reported volume declined slightly but was up 1% excluding the impact of the cake downsizing and some planned rationalization. Finally, our International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment achieved significant sales growth, reflecting a full quarter's contribution from last year's foodservice coffee acquisition. In addition, continued growth in natural beverages and a favorable sales mix also contributed to their results. Non-GAAP earnings per share grew 20% driven by 3 main factors: first, a substantial increase in coffee segment profit, reflecting the timing of lower commodity cost; second, profit growth across the International, Foodservice and Natural Food segment and the impact of the share repurchases over the last 12 months; lastly, cash from operations continued to be strong in the quarter and increased to $684 million from the first 9 months of the year, an increase of 46%. During the third quarter, we completed our important Fall Bake and Holiday period. With a combination of solid merchandising programs and pricing insights gained from last year's holiday season, we are pleased with the execution of our promotional strategies. And while certain categories performed better than others, we were encouraged by the results and view the holiday period as a success. As we look ahead, we are cautiously optimistic as to the economic environment. We are encouraged by stronger food and beverage industry demand, including total edible volume trends as measured by SymphonyIRI. These have improved sequentially from the 52- to the 12- to the 4-week period. We have seen a similar pattern with our consumer takeaway trends improving over these same periods. We are further encouraged by our ongoing investments in our brands and our businesses. We expect to introduce approximately 19 new products this year. Our New Orleans coffee supply chain initiatives were completed this quarter, and our food spread product -- project remains on track and on budget. We look forward to sharing many of the details with you, including several new product launches planned for this year, when we present at the CAGNY conference next week. In summary, we had a record performance in our third quarter and our year-to-date results. This reflects a continued commitment to our long-term strategy of strengthening our leading food brands and our ability to execute. We believe that we are well positioned as we look ahead. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Vince for an update on our business segments.
Vincent C. Byrd: Thank you, Richard, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin by reinforcing that our momentum through the first 9 months of the fiscal year reflects the ongoing commitment to the 5 key areas we outlined at the outset of the year, which include further building our brands through increased marketing support and innovation, executing pricing leadership, continuing to optimize our supply chain, capitalizing on our recent acquisitions and focusing on sustainability. With that, let me provide further commentary on the performance of our 3 business segments. I'll start with the U.S. Retail Coffee segment, where volume was up 1% for the third quarter. As we discussed on the last call, the supplier-driven constraints for the coffee canister were expected to have a modest impact on third quarter volume for the Folgers' Red Can business. This scenario played out as expected as our coffee volume was negatively impacted by approximately 1 to 2 percentage points, primarily in our opening price point line. Overall, our team did a tremendous job, strategically managed demand based on product availability and minimizing customer disruption and the total financial impact on the company. Given these challenges, we were encouraged by our roast and ground results for the quarter. Our most recent 4-week share market within mainstream segment is also encouraging, gaining 2 share points. We are pleased to report that the canister issue is now behind us, enabling us to build inventories to more desirable levels to support the business. Our K-Cup business delivered another strong quarter with sales up $30 million over last year's third quarter, an increase of 50%. The growth rates for this business remain significant but, as expected, are moderating from the percentages realized earlier in the year. For the full year, we continue to expect K-Cup sales will approach $300 million, an increase of almost 70% over fiscal 2012. Turning to our other key coffee brands, Cafe Bustelo and Pilon both achieved double-digit volume growth in the quarter, continuing their strong performance from the first half of the year. Dunkin' Donuts volume declined slightly in the quarter, reflecting increased competitive activities. However, we remain pleased with the brand's performance with volume up 6% year-to-date. Coffee segment profit increased 27% for the quarter, primarily due to the timing of lower recognized green coffee costs. Keep in mind, we took a price decrease in May ahead of anticipated lower green costs. The majority of these lower costs were recognized during the third quarter and, in part, offset the unfavorable impact from earlier in the year. While this resulted in fluctuations on our profit between quarters, the price-to-cost relationship through the first 9 months of the fiscal year was essentially neutral on the coffee segment profits. As we look ahead, considering the decline in green coffee costs in our current cost outlook, we expect to take additional pricing decline in the near future. We will issue a press release announcing any coffee pricing actions once effective. Turning to Consumer Foods. Peanut butter and food spreads both had solid quarters in volume for the Jif brand, increasing 17%, and Smucker's food spreads, up 9%. You may recall that last year's third quarter peanut butter volume was negatively impacted by the significant level of consumer volume that occurred during the second quarter in advance of a 30% price increase. On a year-to-date basis, Jif volume is up 5% despite these elevated prices, reflecting the resiliency of the category. Last month, we implemented a 10% price decline on the majority of our peanut butter products. As previously discussed, we are covered by longer term contracts for peanuts. Therefore, elevated peanut costs were recognized in the third quarter and are expected to continue in the fourth. Although price decreases were passed along in advance of recognized lower peanut cost, we believe our actions appropriately reflect our role as the category leader. As we move into fiscal 2014, we believe this price decline achieves our price-to objective based upon our anticipated cost structure over the course of the fiscal year. Turning to the Smucker's brand, as previewed last quarter, we have taken a variety of actions to address price gaps on shelf for our food spread business. These include price declines on selected items and increased promotional activities. These price adjustments appear to be achieving their intended results, as volume for Smucker's food spread was up 9% in the quarter. In addition, Smucker's Uncrustables achieved another strong quarter with volume up 38% supported by distribution gains and product introductions. In the bake aisle, volume for our Crisco brand was up slightly for the quarter. As anticipated, we saw a solid holiday performance at a number of key retailers helping offset the impact of not participating in the bake center of our largest customer. Finally, Pillsbury brand volume was down compared to a strong third quarter in the prior year. As expected, part of the decline is due to the ongoing effect of our cake mix downsizing as well as a change in our promotional strategy we employed. Both impacted year-over-year volume comparisons for our cake mixes but continued to improve the overall profitability of this business. Let me now turn to International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment. Much of the net sales increase in the quarter was attributed to the nearly $60 million of incremental sales associated with the foodservice acquisition, which lapped in early January. We remain pleased with the performance of the liquid coffee concentrate business as we enter the second year of ownership. We are executing on our plan to exit the private label roast and ground portion of the acquired business and anticipate this process will be virtually completed by the middle of next fiscal year. Overall, the acquisition has delivered better-than-planned segment profit for the first 3 quarters of 2013. Excluding the impacts of the acquired business, net sales and segment profit were up for the segment as the base business also performed well during the third quarter. While overall volume was down, this was primarily driven by a decrease in our Canadian flour brands. Our coffee business in Canada continued its growth behind the strong performance of K-Cups. The combination of these 2 factors provided a significant sales mix benefit for this segment in the quarter. Finally, natural beverage achieved double-digit volume growth for the quarter, continuing their momentum from the first half of the year. In summary, as we enter the final quarter of the fiscal year, we are encouraged by the performance of our business and remain confident in delivering another year of growth. We continue to make great progress on our key initiatives and believe this positions the company for long-term growth. I would now like to turn the call over to Mark to discuss our consolidated financial results.
Mark R. Belgya: Thank you, Vince. Net sales increased $92 million or 6% in the third quarter, primarily driven by the 2 months' additional contribution of the foodservice coffee business acquired last January. Sales mix continued to be favorable in the quarter, reflecting volume growth in K-Cups and peanut butter. This helped to offset slightly lower overall volume and net pricing. GAAP earnings per share were $1.42 this quarter and $1.03 in the third quarter of last year. Special project costs as defined in our press release and reflected in GAAP earnings once again declined on a year-over-year basis as the underlying restructuring activities wind down. Excluding these costs, earnings per share were $1.47 this quarter and $1.22 in last year's third quarter, an increase of 20%. Operating income, excluding special project cost, increased $33 million or 14% for the quarter, reflecting a $59 million increase in gross profit. Overall commodity costs were lower in the current quarter compared to the prior year, as declines in green coffee were only partially offset by higher cost for peanuts. In addition, the profit contribution from the acquired foodservice business and mix contributed to the increase in gross profit. SD&A expenses were up 12% in the quarter. This reflects higher G&A expenses, primarily driven by increased incentive compensation and employee benefit costs. Marketing expense was also up in the quarter. For the full year, we now expect a low double-digit increase in marketing expense. While lower than our initial estimate, we remain comfortable with this level of spending, as we have consistently been on air supporting our key brands with TV advertising and continue to increase our digital marketing activities. The effective income tax rate was 34.1% in the third quarter, bringing the rate for the first 9 months to 33.8%. We now anticipate the full year effective tax rate will approximate 34%. Turning to cash flow. Cash provided by operations was $324 million in the third quarter, bringing the full year total to $684 million. This compares to $469 million through the first 9 months of last year. The increase reflects the higher current year income and a net decrease in working capital among other factors. Capital expenditures were $48 million in the quarter, for a year-to-date total of $147 million. We now expect a full year spend of approximately $205 million to $215 million. Let me conclude by updating our full year net sales and EPS outlook for 2013. We now anticipate annual net sales to increase over 6% compared to 2012. Volume for the fourth quarter's expected to be flat with the prior year. Additionally, any impact of anticipated pricing actions for coffee are factored into this guidance. We are bringing up the bottom end of our previous guidance range for non-GAAP income per diluted share and now expect it to be in a range of $5.17 to $5.22. We're cautiously optimistic in achieving the high end of this range. Our guidance is based on approximately 109.2 million weighted average shares outstanding for the purpose of calculating annual EPS. No shares were repurchased during the quarter and as such, the number of current shares outstanding remain at 108.5 million. Last month, our board increased the company's share repurchase authorization by 5 million common shares, bringing the total currently authorized to approximately 6.9 million. And lastly, with 9 months behind us, we continue to project free cash flow will exceed $650 million for the full year. In closing, let me reiterate that we are pleased with our performance through the 9 months of 2013, which reflects our focus on the 5 key priorities Vince spoke to earlier. We would like to thank all our employees for their dedicated efforts as we track towards delivering a record year of sales and earnings. With that, we will open up the calls to your questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] For our first question we go to Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess first question, Vince, you talked about the 1% to 2% hit kind of in line with what you thought on Folgers. Folgers is a very profitable business for you, but you said that, I guess, the team kind of somehow managed that. So are you saying that profitability wasn't limited at all by the fact that you had a 1% to 2% volume hit on that entry level Folgers?
Vincent C. Byrd: Eric, this is Vince, and that's correct. And I would also say that there was some compensation from our supplier that helped to offset that.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So they gave you some compensation for the fact that they weren't delivering on target?
Vincent C. Byrd: That's true, yes.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I didn't hear you mention, as part of the coffee profitability, the productivity initiatives and what's been going on in New Orleans. Maybe you could -- was there anything there? And how do we think about the savings coming from that piece and how it impacts the coffee line going forward?
Mark T. Smucker: Sure, Eric. This is Mark Smucker. The supply chain optimization project in coffee is essentially complete. And the savings that we expected to realize, we have realized, and we are basically through that project.
Mark R. Belgya: Eric, this is Mark Belgya, just to add to that. We have not defined of the total $70 million that we've assigned to the overall restructuring, no, we've not went in to how much is coffee, how much is food spreads. But as Mark suggested, most of the savings have come through for coffee. There probably a little bit of a spillover, but most of those will be realized by year's end.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last question, I'll pass it on. Richard, I guess we've heard from 2 companies now in the industry, Kraft, really early this morning about some inventory -- trade inventory issues and de-loading and McCormick, they're a little more specialized obviously, but they also talked about it. You didn't mention it at all. Are you seeing anything from retailers, maybe in categories that you're not in? Or are your categories just somehow performing better in terms of consumption so the retailers didn't need to cut back? Maybe you could just help frame that a little bit for us.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, sure. Eric, this is Richard. Your answer was really right. We haven't seen it in our categories this year. We actually saw it the prior year, but not this year in the categories that we're in. Now I'm not -- I can't speak to their categories, maybe the retailers have some de-loading on their categories, but we did not see it this year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about the Dunkin' Donuts brand. Obviously, the volumes were down 2% this quarter. Are you seeing increased competition in the premium end of the roast and ground space, how's the shelf space and distribution developing on that brand? And, yes, maybe some comments around that.
Mark T. Smucker: Sure, Alexia. This is Mark Smucker. Yes, I would say, generally, the category is very competitive right now. And we are, again, competing in all tiers of that segment, if you will. We are, of course, pleased with the results that we've seen for the year. And I think as both Richard and Vince mentioned in the formal remarks, we're encouraged by the latest 4-week trends. Obviously, it's only 4 weeks, but we're encouraged to see that some of that consumer takeaway is picking up a little bit, and so we believe that, that bodes well for the Dunkin' brand.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Great. And then maybe as a follow-up, there wasn't much mention in the press release around what's going on with Crisco. I was just curious about where that is in the input cost cycle and how that's developing.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Alexia, this is Paul Wagstaff, and we had a decent Fall Bake for Crisco. We were not participating in one of our key retailers, our largest key retailer, in the Fall Bake. But that being said, we were able to grow the business by 1%. So we feel it's pretty decent.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So I want to ask about K-Cups, sounds like you're kind of outlook hasn't really changed at all, but just didn't have a little bit of time to assess changes in the competitive landscape. And I'm wondering if it's all played out kind of right as you expected or if there have been sort of any surprises in kind of what you've seen from your competitive set there so far.
Mark T. Smucker: This is Mark Smucker again. I would say it's played out generally as we expected. We talked in the last couple of quarters about the deceleration of the growth, and that has been more or less as we've expected. As you can imagine, there are more players in the category than there were, say, 1 quarter ago. And -- but really, we've held our share. If you look at our dollar share on K-Cup versus the prior quarter, although we may be down slightly on the year-over-year, versus the prior quarter we're actually up slightly. So bottom line, we're very pleased with the -- with our results there. And we think that the category is still trying to settle out in how that will affect the total business going forward.
Vincent C. Byrd: This is Vince. I guess I would add a couple of points. First of all, specifically, it is playing out. There have been some quality-related issues with the unlicensed participants that probably are affecting those results. And then I think the other thing we need to keep in mind is as the stores continue to expand their shelf space, obviously, we hope that we're growing the overall pie, but I think there will also be a continual shift of how much of those K-Cups are purchased through what we would call traditional retail channels.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And then just a quick follow-up for Mark. The corporate G&A number this quarter was a little kind of higher than where it's generally running and where I was expecting. Was there anything sort of unusual or nonrecurring that might have played into that?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. This is Mark. Yes. The most specific item was -- and we -- it was in my comments, it was around incentive compensation. As you know, our original guidance this year, we had it $5 to $5.10 and of course, we've taken it up for a second time. So we're running ahead of where we expected. Conversely, last year, it was sort of the opposite situation. So that range of adjustment to incentive-based compensation was the primary driver.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And so just to be clear, there was basically a true-up from -- relative to kind of Q1 and Q2 where you had to catch up on your accruals?
Mark R. Belgya: That's exactly right.
Operator: Next we go to Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: My question is regarding your commentary that volume trends in grocery and your business have been improving and particularly, last 4 weeks were strong. What do you think is driving that? Is that consumer confidence? Your ability to offer better value to consumers with commodities coming down? Could you just give us more color? And is there something that you've noticed that's particularly stronger in your business versus the overall industry?
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. A couple of things. One is we are actually seeing the consumer being a little more confident and therefore spending a little more. If you look at the actual numbers for the last 4 weeks, the industry was up about 2.8% in tonnage, which is one of the biggest increases we've seen in a 4-week period. And we're trending that way also. Also our pricing actions. Last year, we thought some of our pricing points were not where they should be versus our competition and we did a lot to adjust that in the last 12 months or so, and that has certainly helped our volume.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just as my follow-up, we've seen a lot of M&A happen in the industry over the last few weeks. Could you just comment on what you're seeing in the M&A picture? Have you seen kind of brand opportunities come to market recently?
Richard K. Smucker: Well, this is Richard again. We -- I can't say we have seen brand opportunities come to market in the last few weeks, but certainly there is more activity in almost every industry. You look at the low cost of interest today, people could go out and borrow really low rates and put that money to work. So we're going to -- we're expecting to see more M&A activity. We think that's positive for us because that helps us -- has helped shake brands loose when those transactions take place. So we see that as a positive for our long-term acquisition strategy.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just as one addendum to that. At kind of the pricing you're seeing, are you -- with the funding cost we've seen sort of an inflation of multiples, are you comfortable with the multiples, things you're trading at? You have an amazing balance sheet. So we're just trying to figure out your kind of efforts to put your cash to work.
Mark R. Belgya: Farha, this is Mark Belgya. We've talked historically for transactions sort of that 7 to 10, 8 to 10 times EBITDA. Obviously, some of the transactions that have occurred recently in the food spaces, run north of that. I think it just reinforces the importance of strong brands. So I think you have followed us a while and understand our diligence as we look at brands, and we still think that's a reasonable range. We'll continue to challenge ourselves, particularly when we're looking at strong brands. But we realize that right now you're seeing some higher multiples and that may play out. But we still -- I think as Richard mentioned, we're still very comfortable with our acquisition strategy long-term.
Operator: And for our next question we go to Ann Gurkin of Davenport.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I want to follow along that same line of discussion. And I'm curious if you're still reviewing products lines in your portfolio for potential disposal.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard again. We always look at that, although right now we're pretty comfortable with the categories that we have and the brands that we have. That doesn't mean we'll never make a transaction if it makes sense. But right now, we feel pretty comfortable. We'd rather add than detract from our brands. So hopefully, we'd have an acquisition sooner than we'd have a divestiture.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Perfect, perfect. And then I don't know if you care to comment at all, where you've had a change in ownership in the peanut butter category, and are there any implications? You certainly have the dominant share, any strategy change we should look for or any comments at all on peanut butter?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Ann, this is Paul Wagstaff. And, no, I don't think there's any strategy change from our perspective, we respect Hormel very much. They seem to be a very good manager of brands and we would hope to see that continue. So we feel no change in our strategy.
Operator: And our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So first question just on your guidance for the fourth quarter implies a deceleration and growth across-the-board. So what -- can you just help me understand like what's happening sequentially that makes EPS growth slowdown from the level that we've seen so far this year, especially the last 2 quarters? And similarly, I mean, what -- why should margins not continue to go up, especially given what we're seeing on the commodity side on coffee and peanuts? I'm just -- I know there's probably some level of conservatism, which you usually always have. But I'm trying to understand, I mean you're making a lot of positive comments, but fourth quarter guidance seems, obviously relative to consensus, below what we were expecting.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. Akshay, this is Mark Belgya. A couple of things. First of all, I think we have -- the last couple of quarters we've been pretty specific in our discussions around where we are in terms of the long-term peanut costs, so we think that, that will have some effect in the fourth quarter. Overall, commodity costs of coffee are stabilizing as well. We still expect a very strong gross profit margin percent, but we see those 2 things sort of affecting the gross profit side of things. In terms of the SD&A, I think, as Ed and I mentioned earlier on the call, the dollars were up in absolute measures for the quarter. That level of spending for the most part is a bit of a fixed overhead amount. So because the fourth quarter top line is a smaller dollar amount versus the second and third quarter, SD&A as a percent will be up as well. So -- and then the tax rate, of course, we're expecting to be a little higher and sort of below the line. So in summary, I'd say it's just 3 or 4 things that are probably driving our guidance. So Rich, I don't know if you have any...
Richard K. Smucker: The only thing I'll add is that the third quarter was an easier comparison than the last year's fourth quarter which is a very strong quarter, so you have that to consider also. But basically, the fundamentals of the business, the trends, are very good.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And just to follow-up on coffee, sort of a bigger picture question. Being the largest coffee company, obviously, in the U.S., I'm curious to know how do you think the category is going to shape up, maybe a year or 2 down the road from perspective of the mix of the shelf. So I believe 2 years ago at CAGNY, you had put out 2 charts that I thought were interesting, saying roast and ground roughly 47% of the category, premium 31% and single serve, 22%. And clearly, your -- you are way more indexed towards roast and ground, with 66% of your sales, I believe, coming from that particular category. That's changed, but I'm curious to know how you think of it a few years down the road. Like where do you think the premium and single serve end of the category will be in terms of percentage of total pie?
Mark T. Smucker: Okay. Akshay, this is Mark Smucker. I think you'll see next week at CAGNY, we'll comment a little bit more on this. But generally speaking, premium is growing as, of course, K-Cup is growing and mainstream will probably have modest declines going forward. But our goal of course is to continue to play in those segments. And if a segment is experiencing a modest decline, we want to make sure that we are holding or growing our share.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just a follow-up on the single serve side. We've stocked [ph] -- and you've mentioned the quality issues today, one of the major brands that was supposed to compete with Folgers has come into the market. I mean, can you just characterize what you're seeing in terms of the pricing in the single serve category, specifically? I mean, what are you seeing -- there is some promotional activity right now, and what is your expectation going forward?
Vincent C. Byrd: This is Vince. I think it's playing out as exactly as we had anticipated. There are basically 3 tiers of pricing. And we sit in the middle of those tiers. And we're -- the unlicensed participants are about where we expected them to be. So it'll ultimately probably be a 3-tier pricing category.
Operator: We'll go now to Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had a couple of questions for you if I could, just to follow up on one earlier. I want to be clear on the sales growth guidance. It sounds like you're incorporating some potential moves in coffee, and I think the sales growth guidance is a little below where you had it last quarter. Should we assume that just based -- was if anything based on this quarter or is it more based on what you see in the fourth quarter that led to that slight decline?
Mark R. Belgya: Well, I think it's basically the effect of potential pricing, it's the biggest play on that. We mentioned also that volume is going to be flat year-over-year, which I think might be down just a bit from what we directed on the previous quarter. And then we're going to continue our exit of the private label roast and ground, so a combination of all 3 of those.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I have further question for you in -- with regard to your price mix in the quarter. I guess, really, I'm trying to break those apart. U.S. pricing down in the quarter, I would bet across your business. Mix, it looks likes it was pretty positive and then I'm curious about promotional spending as well and how that fared in the second quarter -- third quarter, sorry.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, Chris, what I'd say is that pricing was basically down 1 point, mix was up plus 4%, acquisition would be plus 4% and then volume was down 1%, that's how we would get to the 6% growth.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Then promotional spending then, is that expected to stay higher? And I guess in relation to that, with your advertising forecast for the year a little below what you expected earlier, is that getting pushed in the promotion? I'm just curious how those 2 are playing together.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, the promotional spending I don't think is significantly different to what we were expecting. I think just to be clear, we talk about promotions as sort of trade spend versus marketing. And then just on marketing, even though we are projecting sort of low double-digit versus the 20% for the year, we do think marketing will be up for the company in the fourth quarter pretty significantly.
Operator: We'll move now to Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Most of my questions have been answered, but I was wondering if you could just talk about foodservice, specifically within that international and foodservice segment, how volumes are trending there and how the consumer's behaving there. It sounds like you got a little life at food-at-home, but let's talk a little bit about "food away from home" from your perspective.
Steven T. Oakland: Sure, Chuck. Steve Oakland. There's a lot of moving parts in our foodservice business. As you know, we doubled the size of that business with the Sara Lee coffee acquisition and then we took on some pieces of the business that we knew we wouldn't have for the long-term. So let me give it to you sort of by business. We're very encouraged by the liquid coffee business, and we've yet to be able to do what we think we can do this year with our brands, with our technology and our agreement with Douwe Egberts. So we think, although roast, although it's up year-to-date, we think it can get better than that as we go forward. So that's great. When it comes to traditional foodservice, that business is soft in volume, just marginally. And if we think about the core casual dining customers, the places where our brands really work well, I think we've seen their macro numbers off 1% or 2%, and our business would mirror those industry trends. So we feel like we're holding or gaining share. Our margins are doing well, and we're doing at least as well as the industry. And then the coffee will be the platform that we'll grow off of into the future.
Operator: For our next question we move to Jonathan Feeney of Janney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Just one question. You've given the strengths particularly -- you had some significant improvement in operating profit, a huge growth in one of your businesses, why the decision to shoot a little bit lower? I mean great in marketing spending, great growth year-over-year, but it seems like you changed the plan a little bit. Is that -- you just don't think it's as effective or what's behind that?
Mark R. Belgya: I'll start and then anyone jump in, please. I think, as I said in my prepared comments, we put 20% out at the beginning of the year and that was based upon the Sara Lee, obviously, incremental base growth on our marketing and then the reclassification of what was treated the [ph] last year back into marketing. And as we went through the year, we're quite pleased with our on-air activity, all our brands are being supported. Obviously, as you go through things, some of it is just due to efficient spending, quite honestly, and we'd bee able to recognize that through the year. But if anyone else wants to comment on the quality and the amount we're on-air, but we feel pretty good about it.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I guess just following up, I always kind of wondered about this, isn't more better? Or do you -- I mean if you -- I guess couldn't you do just that much more, if you've been more efficient? Or do you reach a point, I guess, in the saturation curve where you just make a judgment that says, "Hey, we don't want to spend anymore right now like just how it lines up with innovation," or isn't that right?
Vincent C. Byrd: So this is Vince. So I would comment that, philosophically, we believe that we have to be the supporter of our brands and the categories. And you know we've talked historically about we have a greater share of our voice in most cases than our share of market. So we support our brands in those categories for the long-term. We just think that's the right thing to do. Now in any one quarter or any one fiscal year, the presidents all have levers that they can pull if they need to be sharper on price points or not necessarily. And so we at time to time can shift funds from marketing to trade, if need be, but that's not the case. And as you look at the entire year, where our marketing investments are going to go up. But we haven't reached a point of saturation, if that's your question. If you reach a point of we're out of any TV commercials, we obviously produce more and continue to support those brands.
Operator: We'll go now to David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to just to talk about K-Cups for a few minutes. The first observation I would make is that you guys deserve certainly congratulations. By our data, it appears that you have 9 of the top 20 SKUs within the K-Cup market in groceries, so terrific job. My question really is a longer term question. I sometimes feel like these earnings calls, and I'm probably guilty of this myself, may be a little too short-term-oriented. I'd really like to go against that right now and say long-term, is this K-Cup opportunity just an enormous opportunity, I think you said this is a $300 million business. In, within say a 5-year window, what do you think this is? Is this a $1 billion business? I mean, could this be fundamentally someone's entire investment thesis on Smucker's given the rate of growth and the profitability of that particular market?
Mark T. Smucker: David, this is Mark Smucker. We do think it's -- there's significant growth potential in K-Cup. It's -- we believe that it's here to stay. We think Green Mountain has done a great job with the system. I probably wouldn't give a longer term number, but I do think that we continue to see significant upside. Even as we're seeing the growth decelerate, we still think with new entrants, whether they are licensed or unlicensed, that is going to grow the category. And we just need to make sure that we continue to, as we grow the pie, that we continue to maintain or grow our share of it.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you comment on the margin structure of this as related to your overall coffee operation? I believe that you were showing incredible gains within coffee, it stands to reason that this is margin accretive to your coffee margins. Is that correct?
Mark T. Smucker: I think we've said in the past and it still holds true that the margins in K-Cups are more or less in line with our total coffee business. And our goal again is to continue to grow profit dollars, not necessarily margin.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Well maybe my final question on this then is can you just talk about then the factors that caused such an enormous improvement within the coffee margins? From a modeling point of view, these giant changes are reasonably tough to deal with accurately. So can you guys help us out a little bit, understand the changes that contribute to the margin improvement?
Mark T. Smucker: Yes. I think in the script, we talked a little bit about just the timing recall of our price decline in the beginning of the year was ahead of the moderating green coffee costs. So it really is timing-related as we realized coffee cost versus what our pricing is in the market.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So that factor trumps the K-Cup issue, is that what you're saying?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. This is Mark Belgya, David. Yes, that's right. I mean, obviously, with -- K-Cups contributed an incremental $30 million, you can do the math on the contribution. But the cost or price -- the cost and price to position to that probably was the bigger contributor.
Operator: We take our next question from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, Richard, as you -- you guys tend to think of things in a bit of a longer term time frame. This question, I'd be curious on your perspective on it. From an industry standpoint, we've -- are you surprised that maybe some of these kind of 100-year-old-plus companies are, for lack of a better term, kind of throwing in the towel, if you will, in making these large strategic changes, whether it's splitting up or Heinz selling itself yesterday, sort of doing that when the going gets a little tough on the fundamentals rather than maybe taking numbers down, making the proper investment and running these businesses for the longer term? Or has something so fundamentally changed in your view in this broader packaged food space that these more radical, structural changes are really needed? I'm curious in your perspective, because you've got obviously a longer-term perspective to draw from.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, that's a very good question, Andrew. And as you know our history and our heritage -- and we do take a long-term view. And we think that's right for our industry. We think it's right for the economy. But that being considered, we live in a changing world and a dynamic market, which there's a lot more emphasis on short-term goals and short-term structures. That's why we always talk about why it's more important to think to the long-term, because you can make a quick hit on return, but -- for one quarter, but we think for example at Smucker's, if you hold a share of Smucker's stock for 5 years, you're going to make much more money on Smucker's over the long-term than if you just took a premium on a very short period of time. So we think the industry is changing. We think the dynamics are changing. But we also think that our strategy of taking a long-term view at Smucker's and using this is an opportunity to take advantage of this change in the marketplace, we will see some brands come to the market because of these changes, and we think that bodes well for our company. So we're going to continue to do what we're doing. If you look at our returns over -- since we went public, some 55 years ago, I think our average return's 11% over that period of time, and that's true whether you look at a 5-, 10-, 15-, 20-, 25-year period of time. So we would rather see a long-term growth rate of 11% a year than get a quick hit for 20% in 1 quarter.
Operator: Next we move to John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just with peanut butter. Just wondering what you're seeing there in terms of the price competition, and I guess in particular, as it relates to your decision to maybe take prices down there ahead of the cost improvement.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: John, this is Paul Wagstaff. And when we -- we see ourselves -- we're the leader in the peanut butter category and we felt that taking the 10% price decline which we did effective January 7, was the right time to do that for the category and to continue to see the growth that we are experiencing. So we felt it was the right appropriate time. Our competition did follow, which made sense, and we typically do lead pricing increases or declines. So overall, we feel it was the right thing to do, right timing, and we feel positioned well for ongoing growth.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And just a follow-up, in canned milk, can you walk through the performance there? The drop in sales in the quarter and maybe you were thinking about pricing elasticity going forward maybe in light of the dairy inflation.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes. John, again, Paul here. Our canned milk business, we had a little bit of a struggle overall for the Fall Bake time period. Some of that is due to the fact that we aren't seeing as much of the baking that's taking place with canned milk. That being said, we have done some things on the pricing side to get a little more competitive with our competition that we've seen, and we are very well aware of the high dairy cost. We don't see the dairy cost coming down anytime soon or at least significantly anytime soon. So that will be something we'll be working on into next year.
Operator: Now we take a question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I apologize in advance if some of these have already been asked, but you guys mentioned the de-stocking effect from last year that you aren't seeing recur this year. Are you seeing any year-on-year benefit as you lap that de-stock?
Richard K. Smucker: That -- it's Richard. Not significantly, because I think everybody has tried to take their inventory levels down and keep them at that lower level. So it's not like they took them down the prior year and then all of a sudden went up 10% this year. They took them down and they kept them at those levels. So but we haven't seen another leveling effect.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. One more if I can. Peanut butter, the price/cost mismatch that's resulting from your price reduction ahead of the cost relief, is that something we should expect to continue until next year's fall harvest?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes. Jason, Paul here. We have -- again, I think the answer is yes. We will be -- where we are priced to now really ties in with where our cost in peanuts are, and that will go into next fiscal year.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So your price, there's not really a mismatch. You're priced kind of in line with your cost and then after this 10% reduction?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: It will be. Going forward, it will be. That's correct. We've leaned into it a little bit, but going forward into next fiscal year, we are aligned -- our pricing will be aligned with our cost.
Operator: We now take a question from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I share Jason's sentiment that if this has been asked, forgive me. But your numbers on the volume mix side were kind of meaningfully better than what Nielsen data would've suggested. And I know that Nielsen doesn't represent all of your channels and there's timing issues and so forth. And also I didn't realize that your volume number is a volume mix number. But do you think, at all, that you shipped ahead of consumption even slightly this quarter? I know it's again hard for you to tell, but I'm just curious based on your conversations with retailers and inventory levels and so forth, do you think your shipments were more or less in line with takeaway this period?
Vincent C. Byrd: Ken, this is Vince. We do not believe so.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You think they were in line?
Vincent C. Byrd: We think they were in line, and we saw better consumption than last year's third quarter when you look at sort of our key brands and products. And it's back to some of our better pricing and narrowing price gaps. But no, we would not say that those are out of line during the quarter.
Mark T. Smucker: Ken, this is Mark. Just to clarify a point in your question, I think you said the mix volume was combined. It's not actually. Mix was actually a plus 4 and volume was down negative 1.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then a separate question. Can you remind us -- there's been a lot of talk in the last 24 hours obviously about companies getting purchased in the food space. Can you remind us what percent of votes, not voting stock, but actual votes insiders would hold in the event that a potential acquirer was looking at Smucker?
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. We really don't disclose that. All that I say is it's a significant amount.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes. Ken, this is Mark. We really don't disclose it for a reason. It's just because of the time-phase nature of it, it's not something that is readily known at any given time. So thus, we don't like to speculate on it.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is it fair to say it's over 50% at any time as a percent of the total votes?
Richard K. Smucker: Well, we really don't comment on it, but...
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference call back over to Mr. Richard Smucker for closing remarks.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, want to thank everybody for being on the call today. We feel good about our results and more -- even better about our future and look forward to seeing everybody next week at CAGNY.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 1 (888) 203-1112 or 1 (719) 457-0820 with the passcode of 8394093. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2012-11-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sonal P. Robinson - Director of Corporate Finance, Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive officer and Director Vincent C. Byrd - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Mark R. Belgya - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President Paul Smucker Wagstaff - Director and President of U.S. Retail Consumer Foods Mark T. Smucker - President Of US Retail Coffee and Director Steven T. Oakland - President Of International, Foodservice And Natural Foods
Analysts: Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Mike Otway - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Robinson.
Sonal P. Robinson: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; Vince Byrd, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Oakland, President, International, Foodservice and Natural Foods; Mark Smucker, President, U.S. Retail Coffee; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President, U.S. Retail Consumer Foods. Following this introduction, I will turn the call over to Richard for opening remarks. Vince will then provide an update on our business segments, and Mark will close with additional comments on our financial results for the quarter and our outlook for the full year. During the call today, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risk and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning forward-looking statements. Let me also remind you that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our website at smuckers.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please contact me or Mark Belgya. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Smucker: Thank you, Sonal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased to have delivered another solid quarter of sales and earnings growth. Let me summarize some of the key highlights. Net sales increased 8%, reaching a record level for the quarter, with an acquisition and new products being significant contributors to top line gains. Looking at a quick snapshot of our 3 segments. First, Coffee achieved 6% volume growth for the quarter, driven by the Folgers, Dunkin' Donuts and Café Bustelo brands. In addition, sales for our K-Cup business nearly doubled year-over-year while our other new product Coffee launches continued to gain good customer acceptance. Consumer Foods net sales were up slightly, but volume was down, impacted by the prior year buy-in of Jif peanut butter in anticipation of last year's price increases. Also affecting volume was the planned cake mix downsizing in the baking business. Finally, our International, Foodservice and Natural Food segments saw significant sales growth. In addition to the contribution from the foodservice coffee acquisition was a strong start to the holiday season in Canada and growth in our natural beverages. Non-GAAP earnings per share increased $0.16 or 12% to $1.45. As a reminder, prior year results included a $0.07 onetime loss on the Europe's Best divestiture. Lastly, cash from operations increased more than 50% year-over-year and exceeded $180 million for the quarter, providing funding to repurchase all 2 million shares available under the 10b5-1 plan that we announced in August. Overall, we are pleased with our second quarter results and especially the momentum that we have built during the first half of the year. As we look ahead, we are in the midst of our Fall Bake and Holiday period. The combination of the solid merchandising and consumer marketing programs that we have in place and pricing insights gained from last year's holiday season provide us with cautious optimism that consumer takeaway will be stronger than that experienced by the industry and by our company during this timeframe last year. Our encouragement comes from the progress that we have made on our key initiatives. In particular, our accomplishments in the area of brand building through product innovation and increased marketing investments, along with the ongoing price leadership, both have positioned us well for this key promotional period. Vince will expand on these areas and our initiatives in a moment. In addition, while consumers remain cautious, recent economic indicators and industry trends point towards modest improvement in the consumer environment. Although these changes continue to occur at a gradual pace, we anticipate industry volume trends will improve over time. Finally, let me comment on the impact of Hurricane Sandy. While it had a disruptive effect on many people and retailers in the east, our overall results have not been materially impacted. We have worked closely with our customers to ensure that we are meeting their needs and those of our end consumers. In support of relief efforts, we have provided monetary assistance through the American Red Cross and product donations to the impacted areas through Feeding America. Internally, our facilities in that portion of the country sustained no significant damage and were up and running quickly after the storm passed. While we recognize the aftermath of the storm continues to affect many people in that region, we would like to thank our employees for their efforts in addressing these challenges. In summary, we are pleased with our performance for the first half of the fiscal year as they have exceeded our earnings and cash flow goals for the first 6 months. With a commitment to our long-term strategy, the strength of our leading brands and our employees' ability to implement, our business is well positioned as we proceed through the remainder of the fiscal 2013 year. As a result, we are confident in increasing our full earnings guidance for the year as Mark will expand on in just a moment. I will now turn the call over to Vince for an update on our business segments.
Vincent C. Byrd: Thank you, Richard. Good morning, everyone. Let me begin by reinforcing that the company's performance through the first half of the year reflects the ongoing commitment to our key areas of focus, which include building our brands through increased marketing support and innovation, executing pricing leadership, continuing to optimize our supply chain, capitalizing on our recent acquisitions and focusing on sustainability. To the point on pricing, our teams are continuing to utilize the learnings from our marketing mix analysis performed in partnership with SymphonyIRI to target the most effective and efficient spend across our businesses. We believe this ongoing analytical approach to our marketing and trade spend has elevated our capabilities, allowing us to achieve better returns on our spend. With that, let me provide further commentary on the performance of our 3 business segments. I'll start with the U.S. Retail Coffee segment where strong performance across the portfolio led to a 6% increase in volume for the quarter. This includes another solid quarter for our roasting ground products. As we indicated on the last call, our ability to achieve key price points has contributed significantly to the recent performance of our core Folgers Red Can business. Last month, we issued an 8-K regarding supplier-driven constraints for our retail coffee canisters. This did have a slight impact on our volume performance in the quarter. While our team continues to do a tremendous job actively managing this situation, our customer service levels were below our internal and our customers' expectations as a result of the issue. We expect this constraint to be fully behind us by the end of the third quarter, allowing us to return to acceptable inventory levels by the end of the fiscal year. As we proceed to the holiday period, we have good promotional plans in place for Coffee, albeit fewer than originally anticipated, as we strategically manage demand with our expected product availability. As a result of this constraint, we anticipate a modest impact on volume for the third quarter, but year-over-year Coffee volume is expected to grow slightly for the quarter. The Dunkin' Donuts brand had a strong quarter with 11% volume growth, following an 11% increase in the first quarter. Our emphasis on managing price gaps with competition was a key contributor to this growth. Also in the premium segment, our relaunch of Folgers Gourmet Selection is proceeding well with good customer acceptance. The Rowland Coffee brand once again delivered strong volume gains behind double-digit growth for the Café Bustelo brand in the quarter. We anticipate continued strong performance for these brands and are just beginning to capitalize on growth opportunities of the business. Finally, let me turn to our K-Cup business, which had another strong performance in the quarter. Distribution gains and the success of new varieties both contributed to delivering an incremental $36 million in sales growth over last year's second quarter. Although we believe the impact of the new unlicensed participants into the K-Cup segment will be modest this year, we expect their entry will slow our percentage growth rate somewhat in the back half of the fiscal year. Yet, reflecting the strong second quarter contribution, we are increasing our K-Cup sales growth projections for the full year to approximately 70% over fiscal '12, reaching close to $300 million in annual sales. Underlining the performance of all of our Coffee brands is continued support of marketing investments, including new TV advertisements. Our marketing expense is up over 20% for the first half of the year, including support behind our product innovation efforts with a significant increase in the second quarter. At the same time, Coffee profit -- segment profit grew 13% in the quarter. Finally, in regard to green coffee, as anticipated, during the second quarter, we began to recognize lower coffee costs in our results, which is expected to continue through the remainder of the fiscal year. Keep in mind, we took an early price decrease at the beginning of the fiscal year to reflect this expectation. Additionally, we're investing back into brands to support our key initiatives. Turning now to Consumer Foods. During the quarter, we completed the back-to-school period, a key season for PB&J. While peanut butter volume declined in the second quarter, this was expected due to the strong prior year comp that reflected consumer volume in advance of the 30% price increase taken last November. Through the first 6 months of 2013, volume for the Jif brand was in line with the prior year. And in light of the higher pricing, we are pleased with this performance. As has widely been reported, the current U.S. peanut crop is the largest in history, which will ultimately lead to lower cost. Yet, as we highlighted last quarter, the lower spot prices are not necessarily indicative of the costs we are incurring, given the long-term contracts we have in place. In fact, as the largest procurer of peanuts in the U.S., we did take a longer-term position to ensure adequate supply, encouraging farmers to plant peanuts as opposed to other crops. For competitive reasons, we do not disclose our coverage position or specific pricing plans. Smucker's Uncrustables achieved another strong quarter with volume up 11% behind new product introductions and distribution gains. However, our fruit spread business fell short of our expectations in the quarter, impacted by higher pricing during the key promotional periods, as well as competitive activities. We are implementing a number of short- and longer-term tactics to improve our performance, including price reductions on selected items. Let me now turn to the bake aisle and the start of the Fall Bake period. Our Crisco oil business was down in the quarter and will continue to be challenged as we were not awarded the bake center merchandising at a key retailer that would have compressed margins below acceptable levels. However, we are optimistic about the performance of our Crisco brand at the majority of our other retailers where we have actively pursued opportunities to offset some of this bake center impact and expect to exceed last year's third quarter volume. Although Pillsbury brand volume was down compared to last year's second quarter, this was anticipated due to the effect of the cake mix downsizing. Excluding this impact, Pillsbury volume was up slightly for the first half of the year. Product innovation, including our seasonal offerings, will continue to be a key driver of our performance in this category, and we are pleased with our position as we proceed through Fall Bake. Within our canned milk business, our focus on optimizing pricing strategies led to solid volume gains during the quarter as our recent price decline helped lower price gaps with key competitors. Lastly, within Consumer Foods, let me update our views relative to the Midwest drought from this past summer. We do not anticipate a material impact on the company for the remainder of the fiscal year. We have good visibility into our cost structure for the affected commodities, those primarily being corn, wheat and soybean oil, through the end of the fiscal 2013, and we do not foresee the need to take pricing in the related categories for the rest of the fiscal year. Let me now turn to International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment. Much of the sales and segment profit growth in the quarter was attributed to the foodservice beverage acquisition, led by the ongoing strong performance of the liquid coffee offerings. During the quarter, we communicated our intent to exit the remaining private label roasting ground business that was assumed in the acquisition. While the impact for fiscal 2013 will be minimal, we anticipate a reduction of $75 million to $100 million in annual net sales on a going-forward basis. The transition will be completed in stages through the end of next year's second fiscal quarter, resulting in improved profit margins for the business. Overall, the Foodservice acquisition has delivered better-than-planned segment profit for the first 6 months of 2013, and we look forward to capitalizing on the growth potential of the branded portfolio as we move ahead. Other businesses that comprise the International Foodservice and Natural Foods segment also performed well in the quarter. Excluding acquisition and divestiture activity, volume grew 4% for the segment. Growth was driven by strong performance in Fall Bake in Canada across its core categories, including coffee, fruit spreads and flour. Our K-Cup's launch in Canada is contributing significantly to the growth of coffee. In summary, as we look to the second half of the fiscal year, we are encouraged by the performance of our businesses and are confident in delivering another year of growth. This is based on a number of factors, including: the continued strong contribution from product innovation, including the success of K-Cups and seasonal coffee and baking offerings; the benefits being realized from our focus on optimizing everyday and promotional price points; the consumer marketing and quality merchandising programs in place across our brands in support of the key Fall Bake and Holiday periods; and finally, our expectations that the overall volume trends will continue to improve gradually across the industry. I would now like to turn the call over to Mark to discuss our consolidated results.
Mark R. Belgya: Thank you, Vince. Net sales increased $115 million or 8% in the second quarter, reflecting over $90 million in incremental sales related to the foodservice beverage acquisition. Mix continued to positively benefit sales growth while helping to offset the impact of lower volume, of which some was planned. The effects of higher peanut butter and lower coffee prices yielded a slight decline in net pricing. GAAP earnings per share were $1.36 this quarter and $1.12 in the second quarter of last year. Special project cost, as defined in our press release and reflected in GAAP earnings, once again declined on a year-over-year basis as the underlying activities continue to wind down. On a full year basis, we now expect these costs to approximate $0.40 per share, a decrease from our original guidance of $0.50. The change primarily reflect the shift in timing of certain cash-related charges associated with our restructuring activities and a reduction in expected special pension cost. Excluding special project costs, earnings per share were $1.45 this quarter and $1.29 in last year's second quarter, an increase of 12%. Excluding the prior year loss on sale that Richard noted earlier, non-GAAP EPS was up 7%. Operating income, excluding special project cost, increased $20 million or 8% for the quarter, reflecting a $33 million increase in gross profit. Both years were impacted by a nearly equal $10 million in losses from unrealized mark-to-market adjustment on derivative contracts. The increase in gross profit was driven by the acquired foodservice business, along with favorable mix. Overall commodity costs were lower in the current quarter compared to the prior year as declines in green coffee were only partially offset by higher cost for peanuts. On a full year basis, we expect the net impact of commodity cost changes within our basket of goods will continue to be favorable, driven by green coffee cost. The growth in gross profit for the second quarter was partially offset by a 9% increase in SD&A expenses. This reflects an 11% increase in marketing, expenses associated with the Sara Lee business, along with higher general and administrative expenses, primarily driven by increased incentive compensation and pension cost. The effective income tax rate was 33.6% in the second quarter, bringing the rate for the first 6 months to 33.7%, which is in line with the prior year. We now anticipate the full year effective tax rate to be at the high end of our original range or approximately 34.5%. This will force out a rate of nearly 35.5% for the back half of the year. The expected increase, which will mostly impact the third quarter, is driven primarily by a recent state tax legislative change in California. Let me now provide a brief update on our supply chain projects. This quarter, we essentially completed our coffee restructuring initiative, including the expansion of our 2 facilities in New Orleans. This was a complex, multiyear, cross-functional project, and we would like to thank the team for their tremendous efforts. We were pleased the project was completed on time, on budget and is delivering expected savings. In addition, our new $150 million food manufacturing facility in Orrville continues to ramp up production as planned with approximately 25% of our fruit spread volume already being produced at the new plant. The full transition remains on schedule for next summer. Turning to cash flow. Cash provided by operations was $183 million in the second quarter compared to $118 million last year, reflecting a net decrease in working capital among other factors. Capital expenditures were $52 million in the quarter, bringing the total to nearly $100 million for the first half of the year. We now expect a full year spend of approximately $225 million. With these results and our anticipated earnings guidance, we are now projecting free cash flow will exceed $650 million for the full year. During the quarter, we borrowed $20 million against our revolving credit facility to partially fund the $171 million utilized for the share repurchase program. All borrowings were repaid by the end of the quarter, and we do not anticipate the need to draw additional funds for normal operating requirements for the balance of the fiscal year. Let me conclude by updating our full year net sales and EPS outlook for 2013. We continue to anticipate an increase in net sales of approximately 7% with much of the growth coming from the 8 incremental months of the foodservice acquisition. Reflecting the lower expectation for our oils business and the modest impact of the coffee canister supply constraint, we now project volume in the back half of fiscal 2013 will be up slightly compared to the prior year. Considering these factors, our first half earnings results and the impact of our share repurchase earlier this year, we now expect non-GAAP income per diluted share in the range of $5.12 to $5.22 for 2013. This range is based on approximately 109.2 million weighted average shares outstanding for the purpose of calculating annual EPS. Our current shares outstanding are approximately 108.5 million. In closing, let me reiterate that we are pleased with our performance through the first half of 2013 and look forward to continuing this momentum throughout the rest of the fiscal year. With that, we will open up the call to your questions. Operator, could you please queue up the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm hearing some things you're saying about pricing that are interesting. You mentioned having to take down pricing in fruit spreads because of competitive activity. You've moved some spending from, it sounds like, advertising to promotional spending this quarter across Consumer Foods, and you took down your coffee prices, it sounds like, by a greater degree than your underlying cost went down. And that's unusual versus your history, if I'm hearing it right. So you've highlighted U.S. Consumer spending getting better, but it almost seems like the actions you're taking on price suggests a reaction to the opposite. So I'm just curious if you can reconcile this a bit for us and help us understand why we shouldn't be a little bit concerned about the competitive environment maybe forcing you to be a little bit more careful on pricing right now than you otherwise would be.
Vincent C. Byrd: Ken, this is Vince. Let me start, then we're going to turn it over to Paul and Mark to give color from their respective business areas. But I think you may recall from the last 2 or 3 quarters, we talked a lot about sharpening our price points and it really does vary by category. And sort of by definition, we say that entails everything from closing some pricing gaps to reflecting the absolute reduction of some of our commodity costs that, specifically in coffee, have got us to some price points that we weren't before. It talk about truly leveraging better some of our promotional and trade spend to make those more effective and efficient. So I guess I would just say from a macro perspective, those are the things that we're looking at. We did lean forward into some price reductions at the beginning of the year on coffee. But it really does vary category by category. So with that, I'll turn it over to Paul and Mark.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Ken, Paul here. Just on 2 key categories. First, fruit spreads. We have seen some decline in fruit spread volume overall, which is a concern to us. There's really a few things that are driving that. The first is we did take 2 price increases last fiscal year. And we know that we have some pricing gaps on shelf, and we've crossed some deciles that are -- that we know are impacting our overall volume. So we did take the opportunity to take some pricing down in some of our key areas, like our better-for-you segments and on one key, large-sized or 32 ounce strawberry, which actually goes into effect this month. So we do recognize that we have some trends that are down, but we think we have some good pricing in place to correct that. Also on milk, we were able to take price decline on milk, and we did see some nice volume increase in the past quarter. So we feel good where we stand with those 2 opportunities at this point, fruit spreads clearly being the one that's the more concerning to us, but we feel we have some good plans in place to start turning that business around.
Mark T. Smucker: Ken, this is Mark Smucker. Just quickly, I think Vince said very well on Coffee, we did take a decline in the first quarter ahead of costs moderating. But the point there was to really position ourselves well for the key fall period, which we've done, and to make sure that the absolute price, as well as the gaps within the segment were right to help drive volume. And so we have increased spending on advertising. We're focusing a lot of dollars on TV equity. And as was in the script also, the promotions that we have done have been very targeted, very effective.
Operator: Our next question will come from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess a couple of questions. First, Mark, the $5.12 to $5.22, can you just remind me, does that assume some kind of mark-to-market hedge, either gain or loss, over the year?
Mark R. Belgya: No. That -- we obviously have had somewhat significant gains and losses unrealized over the last couple of quarters. But that would factor in over the course of the rest of the year to reflect the actual cost of the commodity received.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess switching to the coffee supply constraint issue, the -- I guess there were some rumors in the market, and you came out with a press release saying that, that was not going to be, I guess, material. But it sounds like it's -- I mean, the good news is you have the demand, but the bad news is that you're having some supply constraint. So -- and you're calling out that it could actually impact volume for the total company. So I guess, what gives us confidence that the supply constraint is going to be resolved? And is competition trying to take advantage of the situation? Maybe you just can go into a little more detail.
Mark T. Smucker: Sure, Eric. This is Mark Smucker. Let me just start by clarifying that the canister supply constraint was -- is not a quality or shortage of resin. It's just related to operational issues at the supplier, and we are working on a daily basis with them. We have great visibility both backward into the supply chain, as well as forward into our customers, and we're confident that the actions we've put in place are resolving the issue. We actually have some new capacity that has come online in the last couple weeks, which is helping, and we have seen sustainable operational improvements from that supplier. So although it has -- it impacted volume and -- slightly, we do believe that we are managing it very effectively. And from a competitive standpoint, we're not seeing any activity that would lead us to believe that it's any different from what we've already put in place from a promotional standpoint.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: All right. And then last thing, I guess to either maybe Vince or Richard. Just I guess industry-wise, you're -- to a certain extent, you're in a position where your -- some of your costs are either going down over time or have moderated so you don't feel the need to put through pricing. And maybe because of that, your categories look a little healthier than they did. But to the extent that you're making comments about the industry, isn't it fair to say that those companies that have a weighting towards the grain complex, corn, et cetera, that they are seeing inflation that they're going to have to put through pricing in this dynamic of higher pricing, and then weaker volume and demand elasticity is a challenge that kind of continues into calendar '13? Just how do you react to that?
Richard K. Smucker: Yes. Eric, this is Richard. Quickly, I don't know what the position is for other companies and our competitors. But our position on the commodities, we're in good shape. And when we went into the summer months and the drought, we all read about the drought and saw the drought and saw the impact on the margins, on the prices of the commodities, we were pretty well covered. And so I'm not sure what our competitors are doing, but we feel very confident that our positions are good for the remainder of the fiscal year and that our margins are going to be solid for the remainder of the fiscal year. So the impact on us was relatively minor. And again, I think we're in pretty good position. Going back just a second on the Coffee. The supply issue was -- had a -- not a significant impact on our second quarter and we're -- our teams did a wonderful job of getting us out of it. And certainly, by the end of this quarter, the third quarter, we don't see any more disruption by the supplier. So we should be in good shape without any major impact.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Feeney of Janney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to think about the -- both the likely effect of what pricing is doing right now in the Jif business. And if the interplay -- maybe give us some color on the interplay, the gyrations of the peanut butter business have had on your spreads business and how that's likely to play out over the next 12 months. Does the normalization of declining costs, a little bit more promotion, perhaps some accelerating volume in response to that smooth out the spreads business as well as the peanut butter business?
Richard K. Smucker: Jon, just going back to, first, Jif and the peanut butter business. Obviously, the crop, as we know, as Vince mentioned in his comments, is a record crop. We know we're going to get very good quality peanuts for all of our needs. And as we also mentioned, we've taken a longer-term position on our peanuts, so we're not going to see some immediate effect of the peanut -- the cheaper peanuts. That being said, we do know that at some point, we will need to take a price decline of some sort, and we would anticipate that being beneficial to the overall category. And I'm saying the overall spreads category, we'd anticipate people coming back into the category a little bit more. The timing on that is not definite at this point. But we feel good overall with our Jif business the first 6 months, and we'd expect that to be pretty good. Did I answer your question? I can't -- was there another part of your...
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: The interaction with spreads.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, with the interaction with the spreads category. Again, I think on the JJP, our fruit spreads part of the business, the pricing is one of the key elements that has made that business a little struggling right now, along with we had some competitive activity that -- with some new products that were launched that we were fighting. But I think with the peanut pricing, overall, abating in the next back half of the year, we should see that have a positive impact on our overall spreads business.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And if I could just follow up on the Jif piece. I guess, presumably, others in the industry may not be as contracted as you are. And I guess have you seen in the marketplace the impact of that -- others taking price declines? And do you -- in those cases -- I mean, does that accelerate the category and maybe not hurt you as much? Because -- or I mean -- are others in the industry hedged the way you are, do you get the sense? Or from -- just from what you've seen in the marketplace. I know you have no idea how they're hedged.
Richard K. Smucker: Right, right, we don't. But I think the answer is we have seen some small price declines right now that we've heard that are going to be taking place or have taken place. We wouldn't anticipate seeing a major impact to the overall spreads category, definitely not through this calendar year. But in the back half of our fiscal year, we would anticipate seeing that pick up.
Operator: Jason English of Goldman Sachs has our next question.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Question on marketing spend. I think you were coming into this year guiding to 20% constant currency increase in overall for marketing. It sounds like you're tracking above that in Coffee. But at the aggregate firm level, I think 1/2 -- first half, you're at 9%. Is this because you're dialing back marketing spend, or is this a timing issue with it being more back-half loaded?
Richard K. Smucker: It's primarily the timing issue, Jason. We expect -- particularly the fourth quarter, we had a pretty soft marketing spend last year's fourth quarter and, obviously, ramped up significantly. So you'll see an increase above where we've been running. I don't -- we're not going to be at the 20%. But one thing is -- I think is a key takeaway that we're quite comfortable with the level, particularly the TV advertising that we have on air especially right now. So the fact that we're not at the 20% that we spoke to in June, I wouldn't get overly worried about that. And then the only other comment on the marketing, just to kind of put things in perspective, marketing was up 11%, and we did talk of -- a little bit about some of the marketing spend was redirected to trade spend, but that was only a couple million dollars. So it really does not have a significant effect on the marketing -- overall marketing spend.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And this private label liquid coffee business that you're exiting, part of what you acquired, I think you quantified the sales impact. Is there a bottom line impact with that exit as well?
Steven T. Oakland: Jason, Steve Oakland. First of all, just to be clear, the Coffee business that we're exiting is a private label roast and ground business. The liquid coffee business -- the liquid coffee concentrate business, I know it's confusing which one of those is which, is all branded. That will not have a bottom line impact. The exit of the roast and ground business was basically a business where they traded dollars, so. It will improve margins though, because you take the top line. To be clear, it will improve the segment's margins, so it will not affect the penny profit.
Operator: We'll go next to David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two questions, first one is just on earnings growth. Mark, maybe this is probably appropriate for you. But earnings growth is expected to be quite a bit faster in the second half of the year. By my math, I think the first half grew around 5.5%, and the second half will have to grow around 8% to 12% to reach your guidance. So at the top end of the second half there, it's basically twice the rate of growth that we saw in the first half. Is this – I'd really just like to hear your thoughts on what drives the fairly significant change in the rate of growth. And I certainly remember and recognize the weak comp in the third quarter last year, I mean, is that the entire reason or maybe you could just expound on that?
Mark R. Belgya: Sure. We got you. This is Mark. A couple things, and you're correct. In terms of just rate of growth, the second half is clearly faster than the first, and this was actually expected. I think when we talked in June, we said we expected to see margins grow throughout the year. Clearly, the lower costs that we're seeing come through now on green coffee, it's continuing to have a benefit to us. We've recognized favorable mix as well, and we spoke that we're actually taking our projection up, for example, on our K-Cup, up to 70% growth year-over-year. So that, too, will have a positive effect on the back half. So those 2 things are primarily the key drivers. As we mentioned, we expect volume to be up modestly, so that'll contribute a little bit as well.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So that leads maybe really nicely into my second question. You mentioned right there that the declining green coffee prices would be a benefit. But in today's release, it reads a little differently, and maybe you can reconcile the comments. And my basic question here was, how do you get 13% profit growth in coffee if you have price declines that more than offset the decline in green coffee? And can you maintain the algorithm? I think you basically just said you could. But can you discuss that a little bit?
Mark T. Smucker: It -- yes. It really did -- it really does come back to the mix. I mean, our coffee and, again, K-Cup and the growth that we're seeing, we talked about a little bit slowing down on some of our baking items, but just the coffee mix being such a larger percentage of the overall is going to -- is really what's driving that.
Operator: Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein has our next question.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about uses of cash? I think you made some comments about where we are in the buyback at the end of the prepared remarks. But weighing up buybacks versus more tuck-in acquisitions or other potential uses of cash, how are you prioritizing things from here on?
Mark R. Belgya: Sure. This is Mark Belgya. I'll speak to that, then maybe I'll just pitch it back to Richard for a couple of comments on the M&A environment. We've been pretty consistent, quite honestly, for those of you who have followed us, that we do feel very strongly about our cash deployment being between both growth of the company and return to the shareholder. And acquisitions are obviously very key to our strategy, so that's always going to sit at the top. But having said that, we do intend to direct about half of our cash from operations to acquisitions and CapEx and the other half to dividend and repurchase. Clearly, there's a lot of uncertainty in today's market around the fiscal cliff. So we'll continue to evaluate where we head in terms of that mix between buyback and dividend. But we're going to continue to focus on doing that – doing both of those over time. So let me just throw it back to Richard just for a couple of brief comments on sort of the M&A environment.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes. A couple things on the M&A environment. Obviously, we still think there are some great opportunities for Smucker's out there. Timing is the key, and we're not exactly sure when those opportunities will hit. But we do have our list of key brands that we think fit, and we're always pretty aggressive in pursuing those. I think the environment is good because companies are looking for what to keep in their portfolio and what not to keep in their portfolio. So we think there'll be maybe a couple things that shake loose in the next 12 to 18 months. So I think the environment is pretty solid, and we hope to be able to do something in the next 12 to 18 months.
Operator: We'll go next to Farha Aslam of Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: During the quarter, there was a peanut butter recall by a competitor. I was wondering if that impacted or benefited Jif, and if that impacted or benefited the fruit spreads and Uncrustables business?
Steven T. Oakland: Farha, Steve Oakland. Let me give a little detail on that. That recall was by an organization that does primarily co-packing of private label brands, that makes ingredient peanut butter and makes peanut butter for the USDA school foodservice program. And so it's interesting some of those small companies, as we've seen in these recalls in the past, reach of a lot of large companies from an ingredient supply standpoint. The only place that it impacted Smucker was they are one of the USDA's commodity suppliers for the school lunch program. As you may be aware, I think many of you know, we have a unique opportunity in school lunch. We provide, literally, millions of branded center-of-the-plate peanut butter and jelly sandwiches every week to the school foodservice program. The downside to that is it's not always our peanut butter, about 1/3 of that is our peanut butter and 2/3 of that comes from other peanut sources. We did receive peanut butter from the affected corporation. We test that product on the way in, and we test that product on the way out. We're comfortable all of that product was fine. But out of an abundance of caution, we did recall a small number of institutional -- no retail, institutional school foodservice peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. So every time that happens, we really take a look at the role of that program. We think although it's strategically important, where should that capacity go. So we'll continue to evaluate our participation in that and whether we'll accept peanut butter from those people. But that's well behind us and does not appear, frankly, to have affected us in retail or have affected us in Foodservice.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: No. Farha, this is Paul. That did not affect us in either Jif or retail Uncrustables.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just one follow-up. Your kind of Canadian and, what do you call, International, Foodservice and Natural Foods outperformed my expectations. Is it the Sara Lee acquisition that's doing better than you had anticipated? Or is it the Canadian Thanksgiving that really helped those numbers?
Richard K. Smucker: Farha, I think, fortunately, it's both. Our Canadian business was on a great role from a market share and an executional standpoint, and their core categories are performing well. As you know, their Thanksgiving comes a little earlier than ours, so we get a good look at it early. And then the Sara Lee liquid coffee business is -- although we're working through this private label roast and ground thing, the core liquid coffee businesses is nicely ahead of last year.
Operator: We'll go next to Akshay Jagdale of KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So my first question, really, is on volumes. So I think if I remember correctly, you mentioned roughly flattish volume expectation for the back half. One, is that correct? And two, why shouldn't it be much higher, given that last year you had a, on average, I think, 8.5% decrease in volumes, which primarily resulted in your lower than expected EPS results last year? So help me understand, one, what your guidance on volume is? Why it's that way in light of all the positive commentary you're making on consumer spending and some of the price gaps that you seem to have corrected?
Vincent C. Byrd: Akshay, this is Vince, and I'll start and will turn it to the business leads. But first of all, I think we are probably being cautiously optimistic based upon some of the economic trends. We do anticipate volume to be up in the back half of the year. But when -- again, when you take a look at our pricing, we're still at pretty high levels vis-à-vis even 2 years ago, whether that be on coffee or peanut butter, of course, in particular. So those are the 2 -- I guess those would be the primary factors. And as Mark indicated, our Coffee volume will be still affected somewhat in the third quarter because of the canister issue, although we do anticipate, hopefully, being up during the quarter. So I think it's just being a little bit cautiously optimistic about -- as we go into the back half. And I'll ask the business units if they have anything to add on that.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Akshay, this is Paul. Yes, just from a Consumer Foods perspective, we also have the cake downsize, which, overall, affects our volume. Although we feel pretty good about that -- the baking business, we're going to be affected volume there. And we had some planned rationalization of some flour business that's decent volume, but has no material impact to the segment profit.
Richard K. Smucker: Akshay, this is Richard. I'm just so glad you asked that question, because, as you know, I have this issue about overall volume for the company. You have to look at volume by individual category that we're in. Because when you add it all up to one total number, it's like adding apples and oranges. Because, as you know, a pound of K-Cups is worth a lot more than a pound of cooking oil. So we try to look category by category, and -- but I appreciate you asking that question, just so I can make that comment.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And second question on K-Cups. I mean, first of all, congratulations. I mean it seems like it's going much better than even you had planned and the numbers that you're guiding to are really impressive. But just I do follow that category closely and the concern there is that competition is heating up and it's going to impact pricing and margins, quite frankly. So you mentioned that you're not seeing it to that level. I mean, you're not seeing "any price war." It looks like you're very optimistic about the back half. I think if I do the math, it still assumes roughly 50% year-over-year growth on some pretty impressive growth numbers in the back half. So can you -- I mean, more than just reiterating what you said, I would like you to give me some color on why you believe your guidance is achievable and how you come to that conclusion. I mean, is it talking to retailers? I mean, why wouldn't private label and some other brands have a more meaningful impact on not only your business, but the overall category's profit pool?
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. Let me just start by -- and Ken Goldman asked this question initially about pricing and where our pricing is and how important that is. Price is extremely important to us, extremely important to our customers and to our consumers, and we have to make sure that our pricing is right, that we know that we're the leading brand, that we're transparent with our customers. But we also know that we can't be too high above our key customers or too high above private label. As you recall, by a year or so ago, we got a little bit out of the line in our pricing. And so we've looked very, very hard at our pricing to make sure that we have those right deciles and have the right spreads. And I think we've done a much better job, and it's showing up on our top and bottom line this year. And so we feel much more comfortable going into the back half of the year. In addition to that, I think our commodity teams have done a wonderful job in positioning the company well in terms of where we stand in all of our purchasing of our key raw materials. So I think we can afford to make sure that we've got the right pricing points for the remainder of the year, and we want to keep that momentum going.
Mark T. Smucker: Akshay, this is Mark Smucker. To answer your question a little more specifically, and start by saying a couple of things. K-Cup still brings new users into the category. And sure, eventually K-Cup is settling into -- it's still in the process of settling into its fair share of the category, but it is still bringing new users into the category. The second thing is, again, we participate in all of our categories, essentially most of them have private label, and we're comfortable competing in that environment. As it relates to private label and some of the new unlicensed competitors, I would say that the pipeline fill has been slow, and we haven't seen as much broad gains in distribution that maybe would have been anticipated. Having said that, there is some tiering in the category. But we feel confident that being partnered with Green Mountain, we will be able to maintain relative cost and quality advantages that the consumer has shown a willingness to pay for that and then pay for the convenience of the K-Cup in general.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And one last question on acquisitions. Can you just update us on the accretion, just longer term for Rowland and Sara Lee? I know you pushed back Sara Lee's $0.10 accretion beyond this year. But can you just update us? I mean, are those both fiscal '14 phenomena? And you were obviously going through some transition on the cost side for Rowland and it looks like the top line is going as you planned. But can you just help us with the accretion for those 2 acquisitions specifically?
Mark R. Belgya: Sure. Akshay, this is Mark Belgya. Big picture, we're still comfortable with, I think if I recall correctly, both Rowland and the Sara Lee acquisition. We put $0.10 out for each of those from an EPS perspective. I think as Steve mentioned, the segment profit on the Sara Lee business is a little bit ahead of plan. So we are seeing that flow through a little bit more this year. But I'd say right now, I would hold to those numbers. We'll obviously comment on that as we get a little farther into this year and, certainly, as we look out into '14.
Operator: We'll go next to Scott Mushkin of Jefferies and Company.
Mike Otway - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This is actually Mike Otway in for Scott. Just wanted to circle back on the commentary from the release and from earlier in the call regarding the consumer and what seems to be like some increased enthusiasm in your part, given kind of from what we see most of the food-at-home retailers don't appear to be experiencing that much change. So any thoughts on what's driving that would be great.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, this is Richard. We're cautiously optimistic. We look at -- first of all, we look at our categories. And if you think about our categories, we're pretty fundamental categories in terms of the basics that consumers need and buy and put in their pantry, especially for the holiday period. So we feel good about the categories where we participate in. But that being said, it's a tough market out there, and there are consumers that are looking at their budget and want to stretch it as far as possible. So we're trying to make sure that we have the right promotions to address that group of consumers. And at the same time, as Mark said, there's a group of consumers out there that are willing to pay the extra for convenience, and we want to make sure that we have products in all of our categories that allow us to do that also. So I -- we're -- I want to emphasize that we're cautiously optimistic. But we -- the market hasn't turned around entirely, but it is -- from our categories, we're seeing a little light at the end of the tunnel.
Vincent C. Byrd: And I would -- this is Vince. I would add that if you look at a number of indicators from food and beverage across the industry that -- and even the results of some of the more major competitor, you're seeing some increase in volume or, at least, not to the declining levels that we have seen in the past. So if you sort of take a look at all of those, including some statistics by the commerce department on some -- on the retail and foodservice dollars spent, we're just seeing a slight uptick.
Mike Otway - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I appreciate it. And then just as a quick follow-up here. Trying to understand the Coffee category a little better, maybe what you're seeing. Our observations at Retail suggest the category remains pretty competitive. You've got some competitors like Starbucks who are pricing their ground or K-Cups at or below Folgers in some of the markets we see. Are you seeing any competitive response from the actions that you guys have taken to realign some of the prices? And in terms of where you are with that realignment, are you kind of completely done with it across the coffee portfolio? Or are you kind of almost done there? Any color there would be great.
Mark T. Smucker: Sure. Let me start just on the K-Cup comment. I mentioned in my previous comment, there's some tiering, but we're not seeing that entirely on a national basis at this point. But on the category, as a whole, in particular roast and ground, on the last call, we talked about the smoothing of the hourglass, if you will, the migration of consumers back to the core center of the category. And we are seeing that. So our core Red Can business is doing very well. We have seen -- as the price points compressed in the category, we had seen consumers move back to the center. The premium segment is still doing very well and continues its growth. But again, I would return to our ability to get our pricing right, and we are able to compete very effectively. Despite the competitive environment, our categories, our brand is doing very well.
Mike Otway - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And do you -- and from a -- where you are today versus where you need to be from a price realignment standpoint, how far along in that process are you? Completely done or...
Mark T. Smucker: Well, I think again -- I'm sorry, the last part? Well, again, we're transparent with our pricing. And as our cost indicator dictate, we would move pricing. Consistent with what we said last quarter, we don't see any action in that area through the key holiday period. But once we get past it, we will look at it and evaluate whether or not there needs to be any movement.
Operator: Ann Gurkin of Davenport has our next question.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to return to the conversation about the contribution from the Sara Lee acquisition and it's running a little bit ahead of schedule. Can you comment on what's driving that slightly better performance for the Sara Lee coffee business?
Steven T. Oakland: Sure, Ann. Steve Oakland. I think, really, just momentum from the team. When that group of folks joined us, we reorganized our Foodservice group. We now have a direct organization selling coffee. There's a lot of energy around it here, although there's been a lot of change. And frankly, the volume is up a little bit. So we're very encouraged by all of those factors. So -- and we've been transparent with pricing and all the things you have to do in the Coffee business. So I would say it's really the effort of a North American team behind it.
Richard K. Smucker: Steve, you might comment about the integration work that was done in -- very quickly across our company.
Steven T. Oakland: Yes. We -- I know we talked about integration earlier on other calls. We were very concerned about this business coming in, given the -- all of the distraction of the changes of Sara Lee. So we really put a full-court press on it. We integrated it much faster than we integrate most acquisitions and had it in our order-to-cash process in all of our operations in sales and marketing processes earlier than normal for an acquisition of this size, and that appears to be paying dividends.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Right. I didn't know if you were gaining new accounts or new business, anything like that?
Steven T. Oakland: We've had a couple of great ones. Obviously, our competitors came after us initially, and we've defended those. And we have had a couple of new customers join the liquid coffee business.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: And then I'm intrigued by the comment about consumer spending on the upswing. And have you kind of run that thesis, that expectation through the second half now? I mean, are you expecting this momentum to continue? And kind of as we face potential fiscal cliff and a worried consumer, I'm just curious about that comment.
Mark R. Belgya: Ann, this is Mark Belgya. I guess just in terms of the guidance, I mean, the volume that we have talked about this morning and the numbers that we've included in our range of guidance, that reflects our best take. I mean, certainly, we're not – none of us are sure what's going to happen, and I guess that's where the cautious optimism is around is that if there are a -- an event or a series of events, then that changes the dynamics. But at least the way we see the world right now, that's all sort of been factored into our guidance thinking.
Operator: We'll go next to John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Again, just in terms of a little bit of positive outlook here for the consumer. Is there anything in particular you can point out in terms of what you're seeing? Is it mostly a response to moderating food inflation? I mean, do you seen any greater willingness maybe to undertake some pantry restocking here that we haven't seen it in quite some time? Just your thoughts on that.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. We've seen -- again, we're just looking at the numbers, and we're seeing a slight uptick and some takeaway. We've seen trips to the stores go down, but actually, volume of people shopping higher, which those kind of offset each other to a little bit. But it's just small incremental moves. But again, in our categories, we've seen a little bit better than that because of the types of categories that we're in. But I will caution you that until we get some of these things solved on a fiscal basis on a national level, whether it's a fiscal cliff or just getting our act together in Washington, there'll be a cautious consumer out there. And we're taking that into consideration when we look at our numbers and doing our forecasting.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a follow-up on the M&A front. Wondering if you can provide any insights into your work with Seamild and the potential, maybe, from additional M&A internationally in China or even maybe expanding more into the Natural Foods segment here in the U.S.?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: John, the Seamild relationship, as you know, is relatively new, but we couldn't be more pleased with the progress there. The more we learn about that company, the more unique we think they are. They are brand focused. During this quarter, Seamild opened a new production facility just south of Beijing. A large part of our investment in Seamild went to capitalize that facility, and it will give them the capacity to better serve northern China. And so we're very excited about being closer to them, learning more from them. Would we love to have another bolt-on in China? Yes, but it's, as you know, a complicated and difficult environment to identify those, and the team's working hard to do that. So if that happens, it'll be -- it'll have to be the right business.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes. And you might comment on the Natural Foods, in terms of some opportunities, I think, in Natural that -- as we continue to look at that market.
Steven T. Oakland: Absolutely. As you know, our Natural Foods segment is very strong in United States. And the Chinese consumer, with all of the foods scare and all the concern about their food supply chain, the Natural Foods segment of China is growing very quickly, and we think there's an opportunity for us to enter that from an import basis.
Operator: Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Markets has our next question.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I think you said in your prepared remarks that marketing spending was up 20% in Coffee year-to-date. Did I hear that correctly? And then if so, I think it would kind of imply very little, if any, growth in marketing for the Consumer segment. And I think a couple quarters ago, you had mentioned that your spending plans would be fairly well balanced between the 2. So I'm just trying to understand if maybe the shift in Consumer segment from spending kind of to above-the-line promotions has been maybe that much more significant, or if I'm kind of misunderstanding something on the -- on how the marketing line works this year?
Mark R. Belgya: Ed, this is Mark Belgya. You're right in your take in terms of the market, that we did take up our margin increase significantly in Coffee and then not much or down on the Consumer Foods side. But as we've said, we have moved some of that into trade spend to get the pricing right in that. But I don't know if it's significantly different. I mean, we have had the opportunity to spend behind on our Coffee business and marketing. That'll probably be a little more evenly split throughout the rest of the back half of the year between the 2 respective segments.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just my other question, following up on peanut butter. You mentioned likely having to take some price down at some point, which makes sense. Do you anticipate being able to hold off on that until your cost position improves? Because it sounds like you might be kind of farther out on the cost curve than your competitors may be. So I'm wondering if there might be a bit of a timing mismatch that could pressure gross margins at some point in the future.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Ed, Paul here. And first off, we aren't going to give the timing exactly when we'd be looking at a price decline, so we recognize that, and we are a little bit further out on peanut butter. And again, keep in mind that the reason we go longer at times on peanut butter is to ensure that we get enough peanuts and high-quality peanuts for our needs, and we were able to do that. So there may be a little gap in there as far as the exact timing on the pricing of our high-cost peanuts versus some of the lower-cost peanuts. But we feel pretty good overall about how that's going to work out.
Operator: Our final question will come from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Richard, one quick follow-up on your -- some of your commentary around the M&A environment with some assets may be looking to shake loose from some of the larger branded players. Just so I'm clear, what do you think is driving that change in thinking by some of the larger branded players relative to their lack of interest, perhaps, in doing that over the last couple of years?
Richard K. Smucker: Well, I think on the big international companies, they're looking country by country. And they're probably looking, and we've seen this, they're looking at what's a global brand and what's not a global brand. And if it's -- if they're not global brand we've seen some of them say, "Hey, I think we ought to maybe get it out of our portfolio." And they're also looking -- what we've seen is region by region. And up until recently, when the developed countries were growing so fast, they were maybe looking at spending money there and taking some of the assets out of some of the mature markets. And those are things that we -- for us, since we are in the mature markets of North America, we look at those opportunities when they become available. But that's kind of the strategy we've seen play out in the last couple of years.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess last would be, there are some companies in this space that even in this environment are pretty insistent that they will use pricing up and down to offset kind of input cost moves, and that frees up productivity to either reinvest behind the business or come back to shareholders. And there are many others that have said, "In this environment, that's just not realistic." And they've had to use, really, more of a combinational of levers, whether it be not just pricing, but productivity and such to do that. I'm trying to get a sense of, at the corporate level, how you guys think about that. And does it sort of vacillate between one or the other? Or are you also insistent on pricing has got to cover your costs and then productivity can kind of fund the rest?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Well, we've always looked -- I'll let Vince add to this. But we've always looked at all of those opportunities. We've -- as you know, we've made huge investments in our plants in recent years. And if you -- I don't have the number off the top of my -- tip of my tongue, but we've closed a number of facilities in the last 10 years, probably 8 or so, and consolidated those and made major investments in plants, so that we can improve our productivity. And I think we -- our teams have done a great job of doing that. That being said, though, is that we've really taken a hard look at pricing as we've said several times in the call today. So we are going to continue to push all those levers, because we really can't rely upon any one. We have to make sure that they're all working all those levers in the right direction, really, to hit the good bottom line and get good growth. We sometimes will sacrifice margins to get some growth numbers or to get market share. But we try to balance that, and we try to have each brand and each category carry its own weight. So we really don't like to have one losing money just to drive the top line. So I don't know, Vince, you're on that day to day.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes. No, but I think it was well said. I think first of all, we try to take a long-term view towards investing in our brands. We do make some short-term actions from time to time on a brand or a category if we feel that we need to be more competitive. We do ask each brand to try to stand on its own as we do our planning and go through the year. If there is one significant change we've made on the fiscal year of looking at how we apply our pricing, it's those that we articulated earlier as it relates to getting a little -- sharpening those price points and being more effective with our depth and frequency of our promotional spending, and I think that's all paid dividends. But again, we try to take a long-term view, and we'll pull all the levers that are available to us in order to grow the businesses. If we find ourself in a favorable position on -- for a quarter or 2 relative to an input cost, like in Coffee, we'll invest that money back. And I think that's played out in our 20% increase in marketing this year to-date.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. I know that, Richard, you had said earlier in the year, I think in February, you didn't anticipate there being kind of a race to the bottom, if you will, right from an industry perspective around promotional spending and such. And I'm curious if that's – I assume that's still very much where you're -- what you're thinking about. I just -- in hearing some of the commentary, I guess, on the call and sort of the way the stock has kind of behaved, at least this morning, on some of the commentary, it certainly seems like there's more concern out there, right, as of kind of the comments today around price and promotion. And that may not be what you're really trying to communicate. Maybe just as -- I don't know, just a final statement. Just hearing you out on that and making sure we're really clear on kind of how you see that.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, that is fair. I mean, if you look at our pricing and our margins, they're -- as they go up through the year, are improving. So we do not see any type of race to the bottom. And we're – again, we're upping our year-end forecast because we are seeing, in our case, more volume and better pricing. So I'm not sure where that billing is out there in the street, because certainly, that's not the case for our business. And I'll let Mark – Mark has a comment on this too.
Mark R. Belgya: Andrew, one last thing and it didn't come out maybe as early. But from a sort of first half versus second half, I mean, I think you need to understand that we're clearly recognizing lower costs, particularly green coffee costs in the back half of the year. So you are going to see margin improvement. And shift that position, from a costing perspective, that is allowing the flexibility necessary to address pricing and still drive top and bottom line growth. So hopefully, that encompasses our view and addresses maybe some of the concerns that some of you may have out there, but still very -- we are doing all the right things and look forward to the -- to a very successful 2013.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes. We're feeling pretty optimistic, so -- in spite of what's happening maybe in the marketplace in terms of what's happening in Washington. But we're optimistic about our business. And I want to thank everyone for the call today and wish you and your families a wonderful holiday season.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 1 (888) 203-1112 or 1 (719) 457-0820 with the passcode of 9289404. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-08-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sonal P. Robinson - Director of Corporate Finance, Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive officer and Director Vincent C. Byrd - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Mark R. Belgya - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President Mark T. Smucker - President Of US Retail Coffee and Director Steven T. Oakland - President Of International, Foodservice And Natural Foods Paul Smucker Wagstaff - Director and President of U.S. Retail Consumer Foods
Analysts: Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Cornell Burnette Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Michael Gabovich
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the conference over to Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sonal P. Robinson: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; Vince Byrd, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Oakland, President, International, Foodservice and Natural Foods; Mark Smucker, President, U.S. Retail Coffee; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President U.S. Retail Consumer Foods. Following this brief introduction, I will turn the call over to Richard for opening remarks. Vince will then provide an update on our business segments, and Mark will close with additional comments on our financial results for the quarter and our outlook for the full year. During the call today, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risk and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning forward-looking statements. Let me also remind you that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our website at smuckers.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please contact me or Mark Belgya. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Smucker: Thank you, Sonal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased to start the new fiscal year with solid results after a challenging back half of fiscal 2012. Let me begin by summarizing some of the key highlights for the quarter. First, net sales for the quarter increased 15%, with all 3 business segments realizing top line growth. Two of our strategic growth drivers, acquisitions and product innovation, played key roles in achieving higher sales. Volume across most categories improved with total tonnage increasing 2% for the quarter, led by strong performances from our coffee brands and peanut butter. Overall, results exceeded our expectations for the quarter. Second, non-GAAP earnings per share increased 4% to $1.17 per share. Volume growth and mark-to-market gains were key drivers to this increase. We are pleased with this earnings performance, particularly as we are lapping a strong prior year profit comp in our coffee business. Lastly, our cash from operations was a first quarter record with an increase of $167 million. Our ongoing ability to generate strong cash flow provides continuing opportunities to enhance shareholder value. To that end, last month, the board authorized an 8% increase in the quarterly dividend rate payable in September. Our first quarter results reflect the progress that continues to be made on the key areas of focus that we discussed at our year-end call. As we have stated, these were designed to address both short-term challenges as well as further position the company for long-term growth and include the following: further building our brands through increased investments in marketing support; continuing to drive our innovation pipeline; optimizing price points to meet our consumer needs and address competition; capitalizing on our recent acquisitions; and continuing to optimize our supply chain. We are pleased with what we've accomplished in these areas and Vince will expand on these as he discusses the segments in a moment. We will remain focused on these priorities as we move ahead. From an industry perspective, consumers clearly continue to feel pressed by the economy and we don't expect overnight reversals in consumer confidence. However, we are beginning to see some positive indicators in industry volume trends. While total U.S. retail food and beverage volume has been soft for an extended period, the industry has seen gradual improvements from the 52-week to the 12-week to the 4-week reporting periods with volume up slightly in the latest 4-week period. Moderating food inflation, as a result of declining commodity costs, has clearly been a factor in this improvement in the food and beverage volume. That being said, the impact of the current U.S. drought will not be fully understood and realized by the industry for a number of months. We will be monitoring this area and adjusting as appropriate. Overall, while we remain cautious, we are more optimistic about the near term than we were a few months ago. In summary, we are pleased with the start of our fiscal 2013 and look to continue this momentum for the rest of the year. Our performance reflects the strength of our iconic brands, our ability to adjust rapidly and the hard work and commitment of our team. We would like to thank all of our employees for their continued contributions. I will now turn the call over to Vince for an update on our business segments.
Vincent C. Byrd: Thank you, Richard, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report that each of our 3 business segments had solid starts for the year. Of significant note is the improvement we saw in our volume results compared to the last 2 quarters. These results reflect our team's commitment to the company's key initiatives that Richard spoke to of brand building, innovation, optimizing our price points, capitalizing on acquisitions and enhancing our supply chain. Let me begin with the U.S. Retail Coffee segment. Net sales increased 4%, driven by volume growth across our key coffee brands including Folgers, Dunkin' Donuts and Cafe Bustelo and the continued growth of our K-Cup business. As expected, coffee segment profit declined for the quarter compared to last year's record first quarter profit. As a reminder, the prior year's profit was partially timing-related due to a favorable pricing position in that quarter that preceded higher green coffee costs recognized in the following quarters. To a lesser extent, the reverse situation occurred this year as we expect lower green coffee costs will be recognized through the remainder of the year. Let me now elaborate on the key initiatives as they relate to coffee. First, with respect to brand building, we've previously discussed a number of initiatives planned for the year including new product launches and marketing investments, all of which remain on track. Of particular note is the continued strong performance of our K-Cup offering. Once again, the product line exceeded our expectations, delivering an incremental $31 million in sales growth for the quarter. As a reminder, this business does tend to be more seasonal than our traditional coffee business, particularly around the pre- and post-holiday season. Based upon the continued success of K-Cups, we are revising our projections and now expect K-Cup sales to grow approximately 60% in 2013. Second, our efforts to optimize price points contributed to the volume gains, specifically achieving price points within key threshold allowed us to grow Folgers core roast and ground volume during the quarter. This includes our Folgers opening price point offerings, which also benefited from efforts to further expand distribution of the product line. In addition, our pricing and promotional strategy helped Dunkin' Donuts rebound and deliver 11% growth in the quarter. Third, while much of the first quarter growth of the Rowland brands was due to the incremental 2 weeks of ownership, our teams continue to work hard on positioning the Cafe Bustelo and Cafe Pilon brands for growth through expanded distribution, innovation and marketing support. Lastly, within the coffee supply chain, we are nearing completion of the $70 million investment to expand our 2 facilities in New Orleans and are pleased that this multifaceted project will be completed on time, on budget and on track to deliver the savings targeted for the initiative. Turning now to Consumer Foods. Net sales increased 15%, primarily reflecting price and favorable sales mix. Reported volume was flat. However, excluding the impact on tonnage of the cake mix downsize project we discussed on our year-end call, segment volume was up 1% for the quarter, driven by the strong performance of our peanut butter business and Smucker's Uncrustables. First quarter segment profit increased $29 million over the prior year, most notably resulting from the peanut butter business and favorable mark-to-market adjustments. The higher peanut butter profitability was primarily due to price increases taken in 2012 to offset higher recognized costs along with volume gains. Similar to coffee, a number of brand-building initiatives got underway for the Consumer Foods during the quarter. These include the reinstatement of our back-to-school promotional support this year, which had a significant impact on our peanut butter performance for the first quarter. As a reminder, in fiscal 2012, we pulled our back-to-school promotions to manage the expected peanut shortage, resulting in weak peanut butter volume in last year's first quarter. This was followed by a strong second quarter, mostly attributed to consumer pantry loading in anticipation of a significant price increase. Due to these prior year factors, we expect second quarter peanut butter volume to be somewhat soft versus the prior year. In addition to peanut butter, our Smucker's Uncrustables sandwich had a strong first quarter this year, benefiting from the introduction of the new varieties and the recent investments we made to expand capacity at our manufacturing facility to meet the continued growth in consumer demand for this product. We will also continue to focus on optimizing pricing strategies, including addressing price gaps with competition. Recent actions include a 10% price decrease in our branded milk business effective in the second quarter. Lastly, within Consumer Foods, we began initial production of our new manufacturing facility in Orrville, Ohio last month as planned. Again, this $150 million project is on time, within budget and we expect it to achieve its forecasted savings. Turning to the International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment. Sales for the quarter increased 40%, with the majority of the increase attributed to the foodservice beverage business acquired from Sara Lee. Segment profit increased 6% for the quarter. Similar to Consumer Foods, segment profit was impacted significantly by favorable mark-to-market adjustments. Key initiatives in this business segment include: First, a number of brand-building investments which are underway across our portfolio. These include new product launches such as new varieties of whole wheat Uncrustables for our school business within food service, 2 additional K-Cup products in Canada, taking our account up to 7 items in this market and new innovative beverages within our Natural Foods division. Second, we continue to look to capitalize on the foodservice beverage business acquired from Sara Lee. We remain focused on completing an orderly exit of much of the private label roast and ground business. We have made good progress on that front and the reductions will begin to be reflected over the next 2 quarters. In addition, the performance of the core liquid coffee offerings continue to be strong as we begin to realize the benefits of the larger sales organization. Overall, this business is performing in line with our expectations and remain excited about its long-term potential. As we look ahead across our 3 business segments to the upcoming holiday periods and balance of the fiscal year, we remain optimistic about achieving another successful year of growth. This is supported by several factors. We have lined up a number of quality merchandising programs across our various brands and categories to support the Fall Bake and Holiday periods. We expect to see continued growth from new products. We will continue to focus on optimizing our everyday and promotional price points. We have seen a number of categories we participate in show signs of growth. And finally, although there remains significant volatility in the commodity markets, we have good visibility into our cost structure for the upcoming promotional periods as a result of our hedged and contract positions. Accordingly, we do not foresee the need to adjust pricing in our key categories as we look out through the end of the calendar year. Beyond this point, our teams will continue to reassess the need to adjust price as we proceed into the latter part of the fiscal year. Before turning the call over to Mark, we want to make a brief comment about our share of market given the recent release of ScanData from customers that were not previously included. In general, there was not a material difference in our market share, and with the exception of Crisco, our 52-week dollar share either remained flat or was up across our key categories under this new reporting format. With that, I'd like to now turn the call over to Mark to discuss our consolidated results.
Mark R. Belgya: Thank you, Vince. Net sales increased $181 million or 15% in the first quarter, approximately 1/2 of this growth came from the incremental impact of the foodservice beverage acquisition. The remaining increase was primarily attributable to favorable sales mix, net price realization and volume gains. GAAP earnings per share were $1 this quarter and $0.98 in the first quarter of last year including restructuring, merger and integration and pension settlement costs. Excluding these special project costs, earnings per share were $1.17 this quarter and $1.12 in last year's first quarter, an increase of 4%. The increase in earnings per share was a result of several factors. On the plus side, EPS included a $0.09 per share impact from the net change in favorable unrealized mark-to-market adjustments and a $0.04 per share benefit of share repurchases in 2012. These factors were somewhat offset by an increase in interest expense related to last October's public debt issuance and a slightly higher effective tax rate in the current year. An increase in gross profit led operating income, excluding special project cost, to increase $13 million or 6% for the quarter. Included in the results was a $20 million gain from unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on derivative contracts. This compares to a $4 million gain in the prior year. A significant portion of the benefit in the current quarter is expected to reverse later in the fiscal year as the related contracts are closed and we purchase the physical commodities. Overall commodity costs were higher in the current quarter compared to the prior year, particularly for peanuts and green coffee. We expect lower green coffee costs to flow through in the coming quarters. Turning to cash flow. Cash provided by operations came in positive at $167 million in the first quarter. This compares to a use of $58 million last year. The improvement primarily reflects a significant reduction between years in the use of cash required to fund inventory. The effects of lower green coffee costs and a reduction in inventories were the primary causes. Capital expenditures were $46 million in the quarter, and we continue to expect a full year spend in the range of $210 million to $220 million. With positive cash from operations in the first quarter, we now anticipate full year free cash flow will be in excess of $600 million. Further, we do not anticipate the need to borrow against our revolving credit facility for normal operating requirements this fiscal year. Let me now conclude by updating our full year sales and earnings per share outlook for 2013. We continue to anticipate an increase in net sales of approximately 7% with much of the growth coming from the 8 months -- incremental months of the foodservice acquisition. While we are encouraged by the Fall Bake merchandising programs that Vince mentioned and the retailer commitments to date, volume in certain categories such as oil and baking mixes will be challenged in this period. As such, our overall volume outlook for the year has not changed materially. During the first quarter, we focused on getting the price right. In some instances, we increased our trade support in certain categories to achieve desired price points and strengthen merchandising. However, excluding the impact of the Sara Lee acquisition, our trade spend as a percent of sales was in line with last year. We anticipate this will continue as we progress through the fiscal year supported by expected declines in certain commodity costs, most notably coffee. Considering these factors and the first quarter results, we're cautiously optimistic in achieving the high end of our $5 to $5.10 earnings per share range for 2013. This range continues to be based on approximately 110.5 million shares outstanding. Before opening to the Q&A, let me reiterate that we're very pleased to have delivered a solid first quarter and we look forward to continuing this momentum through the rest of the fiscal year. With that, we will open up the call for your questions. Operator, please queue up the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess the first question actually is balance sheet-related. I notice that, Mark, that you had well over $300 million of cash on the books. Is that -- that seems more than you normally hold. Is that what you were referring to in terms of not having to tap a revolver to fund your working capital through the fall season?
Mark R. Belgya: That's right, Eric. In June, we had indicated that we thought we might actually have to tap here in the U.S., primarily to fund our normal buildup of inventory. But we came into the year probably with a little higher inventory level than we've seen in past years. So we were able to end the quarter positive, and as you suggested, $300 million. It is important to keep in mind of our cash, about $100 million of that is in Canada. So there's a little bit of an active issue to that, but still we're running much more favorable than we had expected.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just maybe a more fundamental question. Can you just talk a bit about with coffee costs having come down quite a bit versus a lot of other commodities that are now moving up, what is the kind of the competitive landscape in coffee? Obviously, Kraft is going through some transitions with introducing Gevalia and Starbucks is trying to obviously gain share and there's all kinds of questions around K-Cups. So maybe you could go into more detail around kind of the competitive landscape and then I just have one other follow-up on coffee.
Mark T. Smucker: Sure, Eric. This is Mark Smucker. Overall, you're correct. The category does remain a competitive category and the competitors that are out there are good. I mean, they're effective. Having said that, we still feel very optimistic about our brands, the activities that we've got in place, the fact that we've successfully managed some of these price points that were referenced in the script, and feel that going forward, we're very well positioned for the fall period. I would also add that just from a volume perspective as we look forward, as we got into the quarter and looking at inventories, we also had some questions around are we reloading the customers. And as we look forward and look at the shipments that we've had in the quarter, we're pretty confident that the trends that you see in the share numbers will continue.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess the -- can you comment, I guess, it's maybe Steve, but can you comment on how much holding on to the roast and ground, no-margin foodservice side of the Sara Lee acquisition limited your profits in the segment or on a consolidated basis and how that should affect things as we progress through the year and you exit those businesses?
Steven T. Oakland: Sure. Eric, Steve. I don't think it really limited the actual dollar numbers. It did affect the margins. Although some of that business is actually negative, most of it's probably more in the break-even range. So I think what you'll see as we get through the next 6 months or so is you'll see our margins improve dramatically in our segment and that'll be the impact. A little bit of dollar profit, but I don't think it was material for the company. And I think if we step back and look at the Sara Lee transaction, we bought that from a company that was getting ready to split up and it became evident to us in the end that, that transition with those customers just wasn't going to happen the way we want to have it happen. And so, having us manage it over this 12-month period, we think is the best thing for that business and for our relationship, frankly, with those customers going forward. The systems are in place. We closed quickly. We got it all on Smucker's systems from May 1. So our team has a plan. More than half of that business will be gone over the next 6 months and we have a plan for the rest of it, primarily in the rest of the fiscal year. So we think it was the right thing to do for the business, and I don't think it hurt us dollar-wise. It did hurt us margin-wise.
Mark R. Belgya: Eric, this is Mark Belgya again. Just to kind of comment on that. If you do look at the segment profit for Steve's segment, we're basically in line with our expectations from a dollar perspective that we spoke to in June. But clearly, the effect of it right now with that being a lower-margin business, that is primarily what's driving the International, Foodservice and Natural Foods' reduction period-over-period in margin percent as Steve indicated.
Steven T. Oakland: One last thing though. We did have a great first quarter in liquid coffee and so -- we won't typically comment on that kind of detail on a quarterly basis, but we're really proud of the team, given all the changes and there's some great new contracts signed, some big contracts defended. So the core of that business and why we bought it is in good shape.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just want to ask a question, first, if I could, about -- just to get some perspective on the EPS guidance and the way to look at that for the year. Obviously, you had a strong outperformance this quarter, and my question just more relates to if there's any impediments coming up that you foresee that could take away from some of the upside potential that came through in this quarter.
Mark R. Belgya: Chris, this is Mark Belgya. Let me just give you a couple of points. The first is that for those of you that have followed us for quite some time, it is pretty rare for us to move on our guidance for the year after just 1 quarter, and that really has primarily been due to the pending Fall Bake period that is obviously very big to us. You add into that obviously the volatility of the economy, the consumer and the recent spikes in corn and wheat. So those are all, I would say, are more cautionary as opposed to concerns. But those all factored into where we landed in our guidance.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. That's what I assumed. Just want to make sure that was clear. And then I did have one more follow-up question for you, and that was you had talked last quarter about introducing some more or really pushing some more opening price point products. I just wondered, as a general question across the business, how mix performed. I know it was positive in coffee. I guess I wanted to understand, and I guess a lot of it's from the K-Cups, beyond that, was there any detrimental mix in other categories because of that trend.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Chris, this is Paul. On the Consumer Foods side, no, we really didn't have any other negative impact on mix. Mix was actually good for the quarter.
Vincent C. Byrd: Chris, I would just -- this is Vince. I would just add that the margins or profitability of those items are in line with our core items. So it's not like we sacrificed profit when we focused on those items.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Could you, Mark, I know you don't give quarterly guidance, but you did mention that we should expect the reversal of the mark-to-markets later in the year. Could you just give us some color on when that takes place so that we can model a little bit more efficiently?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, Ken. It would be in the back half of the year. We're in pretty good shape from a hedge position through our Fall Bake. So as we get into physical commodities later in the late third, and particularly in the fourth, where -- is probably where you want to charge that to.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then in your K-Cup guidance, which I think you're raising today, how much are you factoring in there the expiration of Green Mountain's patents and what that may mean for the number of players that potentially could enter the market at this point?
Mark T. Smucker: Sure. Ken, this is Mark Smucker. Let me just back up and just sort of reframe the category. First, we had, as you know, a great year last year with almost $180 million in sales. And the growth in the quarter -- this past quarter, of course, was also very strong. So as we said, the momentum continues and it's part of our overall strategy of playing in all segments. And I think we're probably the one national roaster who truly does play in every segment in the category. That said, last quarter, I think I was the one who said low double digits. And after a lot of work by the team and looking forward on some of the issues that you raised, that's why we feel comfortable with the approximate 60% growth for the full year. Having said that, we can't really comment, of course, on Green Mountain's patents, but there have been a number of questions about private label entering the category or other, as Green Mountain terms it, unlicensed participants. Overall, we feel reasonably comfortable that we'll be able to manage through that. Every category we play in has private label. Private label will continue to enter the category, although I would point out that the barriers to entry for the unlicensed participants are relatively high. So there are a lot of unknowns there and we wouldn't expect a significant impact on our business this fiscal, although we do agree with some of the comments from our partner, Green Mountain, that ultimately over a 3- to 5-year period, the private label component would be somewhere in that 5% to 15% of the category range.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And quick follow-up. What does that exactly mean when you say that the barriers to entry are a little bit higher? What would prevent a large branded competitor, for example, from coming in and using a co-packer and taking some shelf space from you? Not that you're not going to do great, but I'm just curious how that would play out.
Mark T. Smucker: Well, I think it's, generally, it's capital costs, it's equipment and the time it would take to get that equipment up and running would be the primary reason.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is there not a lot of capacity right now?
Mark T. Smucker: I don't think we know that. I think that in our world, we're doing very well. But it would be hard for me to comment because we just don't know.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport Investments.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Y'all made a comment this morning that you do not need to adjust prices through the end of the year -- calendar year in key categories. So should I interpret that as you feel good about where branded prices are versus private label in these key categories?
Vincent C. Byrd: I think what we're commenting on is that we do not anticipate any further pricing action through the calendar year based upon the visibility of our costs. We will continue to execute in the second and third quarters, primarily, as we did in the first relative to our pricing and promotional strategy. So I guess the way to interpret that is, is we don't anticipate any other pricing action other than we implement in milk that will go in effect in the second quarter.
Richard K. Smucker: We adjust -- this is Rich. We adjust promotions as necessary as competitive positions deem it important, but we're not planning to change prices.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Right, that helps. And then any update on a strategy for the flour business? Any developments there we should know about?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Ann, this is Paul. At this point, no. We really don't have any updates on our flour business. So, no.
Operator: We'll go next to Jonathan Feeney with Janney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to talk a little bit about marketing spending. I think it seemed from some prior comments and presentation materials, there's been -- I guess, has a cadence of -- despite, I think, the gross profit numbers were ahead a little bit, but the cadence of marketing spending was a little bit lower at plus 6% this quarter than I expected it to be up. Is that in line with plan? Is there something that you saw that -- or did I just get that wrong? Or can you talk a little bit about that over the course of the year and how much that should be up year-over-year in your mind?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, Jon, this Mark Belgya. You're right, we were up 6%. About half of that was specific to the Sara Lee acquisition and actually was right in line with our expectations. Beginning of the year, we said that marketing was going to be up about 20% and you may recall that was made up of a couple of components. There were some moving of trade spends that had been spent last year that was coming back into marketing. Obviously, Sara Lee was bringing additional marketing and then, of course, just our organic increase to support existing new products. As we looked out over the year, originally, that was going to ramp up particularly in the second and third quarters. We still anticipate a good increase. Whether it'll be the whole 20%, we'll sort of evaluate that as we move through the year. But we would expect to see a step-up in the second quarter for sure.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And order of magnitude, like, I mean…
Mark R. Belgya: I'm sorry, what was that?
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Order -- sorry, order of magnitude. You said step-up. When you say step-up, you mean step up in the rate, right, so greater than...
Mark R. Belgya: As a percent of sales, we would -- dollars and percent of sales would be probably moving closer to middle teens roughly.
Operator: We'll go next to Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about the channel mix shift that several other companies have mentioned over the last few quarters? In particular, I think you mentioned that you're trying to launch lower opening price point product here. We've seen dollar stores, for example, be very rapidly growing across the landscape and I just wanted to find out how you see your positioning in that growing area. And if you are underexposed, how quickly you can close that gap.
Vincent C. Byrd: This is Vince. I'll start the answer and we'll turn over to Mark and Paul. But a couple of points. First of all, clearly over the last 2 years or so, we have seen somewhat of a shift in our business to club channel and/or dollar channel, the one exception being, of course, we lost some peanut butter business and a major club customer last year for part of the country. Clearly, the Folgers brand when we acquired it was a avenue for us to further explore the dollar channel and that's what really has made that segment grow. Secondly, though, as it relates specifically to our opening price point items, those aren't necessarily only targeted at the value chains per se. Those items are also sold across many of our channels, including traditional grocery stores. So it isn't necessarily a strategy of only having those OPP items, as we call them, for the heavy discounters. But from a macro perspective, you're correct. There continues to be somewhat of a shift to nontraditional channels. And then, of course, there's a very large account who's doing much better than they have maybe over the last couple of years and we're seeing a rebound with that customer.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Great. And then could I ask just a specific follow-up question on where you're at in the peanut butter cost cycle? It looks as though peanut -- well, peanuts, we know, have come down a bit from their peaks. Given your forward contracting, I was trying -- you had good profit growth there, but it seems as though it was more from pricing ahead of cost increases. Are you at the point yet or can you see the point at which those peanut-butter or peanut import costs will start to come down year-on-year?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Alexia, this is Paul. And when we look at the peanut business, overall we look at their spot prices and they are coming down. However, spot prices are really more directional, so keep in mind that, that isn't necessarily our cost. And we do, as you mentioned, we do enter into these long-term contracts with our shellers in order to manage our overall business. But from a competitive perspective, right now, we actually don't want to share too much more detail on that. And so I'd like to kind of stop it there other than to say that we feel very good about our overall coverage. We know we're going to get peanuts going forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just wanted to maybe drill in a little bit more to the drivers of the positive volume surprise in the quarter. To the extent that the volumes kind of outperformed your own expectations, is it fair to say that was mostly driven by price gaps maybe coming in line faster than you expected it, and then if so, does that raise any concern that maybe competitors will kind of get more aggressive in the months ahead?
Vincent C. Byrd: Ed, let me start again and I will turn it over to Mark or Paul or Steve. But clearly, taking the learnings from our third and fourth quarter, evaluating our post promotional analysis and our elasticity models allowed us to implement those revised strategies in the first quarter and we'll continue that through the fiscal year. But I would say that it was a combination of not only getting price gaps versus competition right, but it was also getting key price thresholds correct that obviously the consumer was responding to, specifically, in coffee, when we went over a $10 average price point pretty much across the country. The other thing I would suggest is that in some cases we've actually done a reduction in some trade spend areas to better manage profitability, specifically in baking where we might have moved off a 10-for-10 strategy to maybe like a 4-for-5 strategy. So I'm sure the competition will respond, but I think we're in a much better place today and understand our models better than maybe what we had previously, and we feel comfortable as we go into the back half of the year.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then, Mark, can you just maybe clarify the inventory reloading comment that you made? Were you suggesting that there wasn't a restocking benefit in coffee in the quarter? I'm just not sure that I understood it properly.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes. Actually, thanks for the follow-up. We saw in some of the pre-release materials there's some questions about that, so we're trying to address it. We talked last quarter a little bit about customers deloading somewhat in anticipation of a price decline. And so the concern would be is some of the volume uptick a reloading of the inventory. And so the clarification is simply that we don't think it is. As we looked, we dug into that pretty hard to make sure that, that wasn't the case and so as we look into the forward months and our shipment trends that we experienced in the quarter, we feel pretty comfortable that the growth is real.
Operator: We'll go next to Scott Mushkin with Jefferies & Company.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: A lot of -- some of my questions have been answered, but what I want to go back to was the original comments, I think, as the call got on about that the industry is getting better in the latest 4-week data. So I guess our 4-week data doesn't actually show that, but I guess some instant commentary from a lot of the retailers that I actually cover as well that they're not seeing that at all. So I want to just poke at that a little bit and see what you guys are seeing, which seems to go contrary to even your largest customer that reported, I think, yesterday they had a good July. But if you look at their consumable sales, they really haven't moved all that much. So I was just trying to understand what you guys are seeing maybe versus other people.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes. Well, this is Richard. I think a couple of things. One is we have seen a number of our retailers report. I think volume is relatively flat, but it's not down. Where if you looked at the third quarter of last year, it was down quite a bit, and the fourth quarter for us and the industry recovered but was still down. The first quarter, although basically flat, flat is good. We're doing better than flat because we're doing better than the industry. But we see a slight recovery. We do see a very, very cautious consumer out there. And we think that'll continue into the months ahead until we get some stability in the market and the economy. But we're seeing -- I wouldn't say robust recovery by any manner or means, but we're seeing a little bit of optimistic return in some of the step of our customers and we just think that any ray of light is good. And so, we're pleased about that. But we think we'll continue to do better than the industry.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. I appreciate the commentary. And I guess, Ed kind of asked this question, but maybe I'll give it another turn on the coffee and some of the -- it seems like the turnaround happened pretty quickly. And if you were going to -- is it the -- is the repositioning just worked better? Is that how you'd have to summarize it -- is that how you'd summarize it?
Mark T. Smucker: I think it's -- Scott, it's Mark. I think it goes back to Vince's comment about managing the price points. And it is not only about the gap, but the threshold that we had crossed. And since we get asked a lot about elasticity and the models and so forth, it is a new learning for us. We saw what happened as we went above that $10 price point on Red Can and conversely, I think, we're seeing the impact as it comes down. So it was excellent execution by our team and getting the price points reflected quickly on shelves. And as a result of that, you see, as we've talked about the hourglass, some of the migration going back to the core from the opening price point and some of the premium areas. So our business smoothed a bit in the quarter.
Vincent C. Byrd: Let me add to Richard's comment about the industry. I would just -- I think this was in the formal remarks as well. But obviously, 4-week data is going to vary significantly or can vary significantly. But if we look at the categories of which we participate in, we have clearly seen that there's been an uptick versus some of the trends that we had seen in our third and fourth quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: If you could comment on sales mix and consumer confidence maybe looking a little better and couple that with some of your new product developments and things like the organic natural area, Uncrustables, hazelnut spreads, some of which, to me, sounds like you're pretty willing to go into more upscale or pricier products?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Sure. Chuck, this is Paul. I'll speak to Uncrustables and hazelnut. We have seen a pretty significant increase in Uncrustables, up about 25%. And part of that is driven, frankly, by last year, we were on allocation because of some capacity constraints we had at our facility. That has been changed. We've put the new capacity in, we're up and running again and we're seeing a real good response from the consumer on Uncrustables. And then on hazelnut, that product, again -- that category, overall alternate nut butter category, has grown quite substantially over the last several years. And since we're the #1 peanut butter business, we thought we should participate in that category. So we've entered that, we are very confident and comfortable with what our products have done so far very early on in the cycle. But, overall, we feel good and the consumer response, we think, is strong.
Richard K. Smucker: I might add just in terms of what we've seen. We've talked about the hourglass effect and so certain items are doing well at the top end such as K-Cups, such as Uncrustables, which would be a little more higher price per unit. Those are doing very well. The opening price points are doing well. We said that the middle was squeezed. So we are seeing at the top end that there are some opportunities for higher-end products and we're seeing some good sales of those. And that gets, I think, a little bit to Scott's question earlier, we're definitely seeing the top end do fine. We're actually seeing the middle come back a little bit. Our Red Can, which was really squeezed last year, we've seen that rebound. And so I think that gives us some of the optimism because when we said the bottom end of the hourglass is doing well and the top end was doing well, the middle was being squeezed. We're seeing a little relief in the middle right now.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: And then, lastly, you spoke to the Natural Foods business and -- yes, as we know and we've seen the numbers, the natural food industry has rebounded and the large retailers they're doing well. But also the large natural or national traditional retailers all have a great set now for natural foods. And those customers are becoming more and more important for our Knudsen, our Santa Cruz Organic brands. And you would have seen a lot of organic lemonade across the country in traditional retail this year. So those items speak to what Richard talked about and I think they're as important volume-wise to that retailer as they are positioning-wise. Those upscale retailers want to have a national -- a natural and organic segment. We're leaders in our categories there. So we have been able to benefit from that.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Looking at some of these commodities that are under pressure from the drought as well as the possibility of some commodities actually being in better supply, do you think over the -- after the calendar year, do you think you'd be leaning more towards raising or lowering prices when all things considered and the need to maintain volume momentum?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Chuck, this is Paul. On the commodities in my area of Consumer Foods, we're seeing exactly what you're saying, some of the higher prices coming out of the drought-stricken crops. Again, through our fiscal year, we are covered and we really monitor very closely on a daily basis the overall crop conditions. And we won't make those type of decisions 'til we get closer through the Fall Bake time period.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. The one thing I will comment on, I think that you will not see some of the huge increases in prices that you've seen in the last couple of years. But we have to take price adjustments. They'll be probably modest at best, but we -- last year, we took coffee -- well, we took coffee down but we also took it up for 2 years prior to that substantially and the same with peanut butter. We don't see those type of increases or decreases.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, I guess, Chuck, I would just -- maybe frame it in macro, obviously, from a supply perspective, peanuts and coffee are coming down. But again, they're not down to anywhere near the levels where we were 2 or 3 years ago. Obviously, we know what's going on with the drought. So again, depending upon our positions and supply at the end of the calendar year or starting in the new calendar year, you would anticipate there could be some pricing action going up. But at this point, as Paul just said, we're in good shape through the calendar year and we do not anticipate any further action.
Operator: We'll go next to David Driscoll with Citi.
Cornell Burnette: This is Cornell Burnette calling in for David Driscoll. Just had a couple of follow-up questions. Did I just hear correctly that in consumer, you guys are pretty much completely covered on your commodity exposure for the rest of this fiscal year?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: It's actually -- Cornell, this is Paul. Through the rest of the calendar year, we're covered.
Cornell Burnette: Okay. Understood. And then secondly, just getting back -- sticking with consumer and looking -- more focusing on volumes. Obviously, the environment is up, but I think the flat volume growth that you had in the quarter was definitely impressive. Going forward, though, I wanted to know what was some of the things that may prevent you from -- you had mentioned earlier that you didn't increase your volume expectations from the year relative to where you stood before. Going forward, I want to know what kind of keeps you from being a bit more optimistic on the volume side and consumer, just given that in the second half of the year you'll be lapping some of the supply constraints that you had on the peanut supply last year and so I would expect that those volumes should be up nicely, and in some of the other businesses you look like you have some good things in the pipeline as well.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes. I want to frame in the kind of back-to-school and O&B time period. From a back-to-school perspective, that would include primarily our fruit spread and peanut butter business. We do feel pretty good. Now keep in mind last year, in the -- in October time frame, roughly, we had a lot of buy-in. There's kind of hoarding on the peanut butter side. So we're going to be facing that coming up, so that's kind of one we'll watch out. On the O&B time period or the Fall Bake time period, we're going to see a little bit of mixed results there on our oils and our baking mixes may not be as strong just from a price point perspective and some of the things we're seeing with our competitors. But on frosting, for example, we should have a very good business and actually milk should come back a little bit. So I think there's going to be a little bit of mixed results on O&B overall, but we feel very strong about back-to-school and our peanut butter business.
Cornell Burnette: So then, overall, you do think that there's a good possibility this year that -- for the full year at least, in consumer, we could expect flattish or maybe even a slight pickup in volumes?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Well, I think the other thing to keep in mind is we have a downsizing that took place in the cake business. And so when you look at kind of the apples, it will be a little apples-to-oranges comparison because we do have that downsize that took place and that's a pretty heavy-volume product. So the comparables there will be a little bit more challenged.
Richard K. Smucker: Cornell, this is Richard. I'm glad you asked that question. It gives me the opportunity to always talk about this. But I always think that volume is not a great measure of performance when you're looking in our businesses because we have huge weights in oils and in flour, which carry lower margins. And so if those businesses are down and all the other businesses are up, we might have a down-volume overall company but we'd be way up in profits and units. So we really have to look at our business category-by-category to see the volume trends. And so I think that's one thing we want to keep a watch out here.
Operator: We'll go next to Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I just had a really just an easy question on cash flow again or just -- I know Eric pointed out early on, I guess, there is an increase in your cash build. You pointed to having kind of record year-over-year improvement in free cash in Q1 and you're also increasing guidance for the year. So is this -- I didn't -- I don't think I heard anything with respect to where the additional cash may actually be allocated. I think you still have almost 4 million on your buyback authorization, so if there's any color you could provide, that'd be great.
Mark R. Belgya: Rob, it's Mark Belgya. You're right, we do have about 4 million shares to authorize. You'll recall a couple of quarters ago, we exhausted the 10b5-1 program we had in place. In terms of allocation, I think that we restated today that we're sticking pretty much to our capital expenditure, $210 million to $220 million. So with that locked in, obviously, acquisitions come as they do, but we're still going to continue to look at opportunities to enhance share value -- shareholder value. I'm sure there's questions out there from a buyback perspective, we'll continue to look at opportunities there. But again, I think we think of it just because the dollar amount grew, we still kind of go back to the allocation that we talk about often in the 4 buckets and we sort of stick to that over time. So I wouldn't necessarily say just because we have an increase in cash that we're going to change that. But we'll certainly look at opportunities. As I think as Richard mentioned in his scripted comments, we did take our dividend up for this coming September as well.
Operator: We'll go next to Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: First question is on peanut butter. The volume increase in the quarter, was it really driven by better back-to-school or how much did the reintroduction of new products help you? And kind of going forward, when do you expect to realize the lower peanut cost? Is it already happening or is it going to be more back half of the year?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Farha, this is Paul. And on your first part of your question, really there are several reasons why we saw the volume increase. Back to school, having those promotions back on was a significant impact, clearly. We did have the pipeline fill of some of the reinstated items that we had previously discontinued, there's 8 of those. We also had some of the new product launches, the hazelnut Jif To Go, et cetera. So those are kind of the main reasons, drivers for the volume increase. And as we talk about your second part of the question, really I feel like I've answered that already and I don't want to change from that very much. We're not going to really speak to from a competitive reason -- from a competitive perspective where we stand on our overall pricing other than to say we do have these long-term contracts with our shellers and we're going to get enough peanuts for our needs.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And then just a follow-up. On M&A, could you just share with us the landscape right now and what the acquisition picture looks like for Smucker's?
Richard K. Smucker: Well, as you know, Farha, we have a list of -- wish list of brands out there that we think would be a great fit with Smucker's. The landscape hasn't changed a lot. There is some activity in terms of you've seen several transactions take place recently. We think that we're going to see some brands come available probably in the next 24 months and we would be interested in some of those. But I don't think there's been a big change in the last 6 months or so.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to Michael Gabovich with Glenrock Asset Management.
Michael Gabovich: I was wondering since you set that promotions somewhat this quarter, do you expect Kraft to possibly increase their promotions. I realize the category has already been -- become increasingly -- promotional spending has been up. What do you expect Kraft basically to respond given your kind of uptick here?
Mark T. Smucker: I don't -- it's difficult to comment on any competitor. Any news or the category is good activity to help grow the category. And at this point, we're not in a position to really talk about any specific competition.
Operator: I'll now turn the conference call back to management to conclude.
Richard K. Smucker: We would like to thank everybody for being on the call today, and again have a great holiday coming up. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 1 (888) 203-1112 or 1 (719) 457-0820 with the passcode of 9463519. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for your participation and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-06-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sonal P. Robinson - Director of Corporate Finance, Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive officer and Director Vincent C. Byrd - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Mark T. Smucker - President Of Us Retail Coffee And Director Mark R. Belgya - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President Steven T. Oakland - President Of International, Foodservice And Natural Foods Paul Smucker Wagstaff - Director and President of U.S. Retail Consumer Foods
Analysts: Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Eric Gottlieb - Stephens Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the J.M. Smucker Company's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Robinson.
Sonal P. Robinson: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; Vince Byrd, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Oakland, President, International, Foodservice and Natural Foods; Mark Smucker, President, U.S. Retail Coffee; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President, U.S. Retail Consumer Foods. After this brief introduction, I will turn the call over to Richard for an overview of fiscal 2012 and initial thoughts as we head into 2013. Vince will then provide commentary on our business segments, and Mark will close with additional comments on our financial results and our outlook for 2013. During the call today, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risk and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning forward-looking statements. Let me also remind you that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our website at smuckers.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please contact me or Mark Belgya. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Smucker: Thank you, Sonal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As we look back over the past year, one marked by unprecedented levels of commodity cost increases and an uncertain macroeconomic environment, we are pleased to have delivered another year of record sales and year-over-year earnings per share growth. Let me begin by recapping our key accomplishments during the past fiscal year. Sales increased 15% to more than $5.5 billion for the year, as each of our business segments achieved strong sales growth. In addition, non-GAAP earnings per share increased to $4.73 compared to $4.69 in the prior year. Through responsible pricing leadership, we addressed cost inflation exceeding $500 million for the year, resulting in prices increasing by double digits in several categories. Like many other food companies, the combination of these higher prices and economic uncertainty impacted our overall value. 2012 marked a record year for the company's innovation efforts. Sales from new products exceeded $300 million representing over 5% of net sales. The continued success of our K-Cup offering contributed significantly to these sales, exceeding our plan for the year. Notably, IRI recently recognized our K-Cup introduction as the #1 new beverage launch in calendar 2011. Innovation also played a key role in gaining the #2 market share position in the baking mixes and frosting category. During the past year, we continued to execute on our acquisition strategy, completing 3 transactions. Following the Rowland Coffee and the Sara Lee food service beverage acquisitions earlier in the year, we took our first step in March towards achieving a meaningful presence in China by acquiring a minority interest in Seamild, an established leader in China's rapidly growing oats category. We're excited about partnering with this successful family-run business. Additionally, we continue to invest in our key productivity initiatives. Significant progress was made on the new state-of-the-art food manufacturing facility being built in Orville, Ohio and the expansion of our 2 coffee facilities in New Orleans. Lastly, we further demonstrated our commitment to enhancing shareholder value by repurchasing over 4 million shares of common stock, representing approximately 4% of the shares outstanding. And we increased our annual dividends by 15%. As we close the book on 2012 and turn our attention to fiscal 2013, we are encouraged about the future of our industry, our business and the strength of our brands. Softening commodity cost should help moderate retail pricing and bring back some of the volume declines that the retail food industry experienced this past year. Consumers continue to find their way through difficult times, and we must continue to listen to them, be flexible and adapt along with them. To accomplish this, our focus for fiscal 2013 includes the following key initiatives: First, we are investing heavily in our portfolio of leading brands with a significant planned increase in marketing and innovation. Building on the success achieved in 2012, we have a robust new product pipeline across brands and expect to launch approximately 100 new items in 2013. Additionally, we continue to expand our use of digital marketing and social media as consumers' needs are evolving rapidly in this space. Secondly, we expect to further capitalize and build upon our recent acquisitions while exploring additional brand portfolio expansion opportunities in both North America and China. Third, we are committed to better managing key day-to-day and promotional price points to meet our consumer needs and address competition, including an increased focus on narrowing price gaps. Fourth, we are achieving a more efficient supply chain through our restructuring initiatives in coffee, food spreads and pickles. In 2012, these projects delivered cost savings that exceeded our annual expectations, and we expect an additional step-up in savings in 2013. Fifth, we're making great progress on our sustainability efforts, and we'll share many of these successes in our 2012 corporate responsibility report being published later this summer. And finally, our ability to generate significant free cash flow allows us to continue our track record of enhancing shareholder value as share repurchases and dividends will remain a key use of cash. As we have consistently stated, we take a long-term view of our business, and we continue to be well positioned for long-term growth. Our 5-year compounded annual growth rates are 21% for sales and 10% for earnings per share, exceeding our long-term growth targets of 6% and 8%-plus, respectively. This performance is a result of the hard work and commitment of our dedicated team in executing our strategy. We thank them for their contributions and look forward to continued growth this year and beyond. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Vince, who will share more details on our business segments.
Vincent C. Byrd: Thank you, Richard. Good morning, everyone. As expected, fourth quarter volume trends improved sequentially from the third quarter, yet higher prices, aggressive competitive actions and cautious consumer behavior continues. Although we do not expect these dynamics to reverse overnight, we remain confident in our ability to manage through this environment. While much ultimately depends on consumer and competitive behavior, we anticipate volume trends will improve this fiscal year. As Richard indicated, our 2013 key initiatives will focus on brand-building investments, innovation, capitalizing on recent acquisitions, realized savings from our supply chain projects and better managing price points. Specific to pricing, this includes narrowing our everyday and promotional price gaps with branded and private label competitors and in certain price-sensitive categories, taking a more aggressive stance on pricing. With the exception of oils, our price gaps compare to our #1 competitor and private label began improving during the fourth quarter, and we'll continue to focus on this going forward. We will also increase our emphasis on the value-conscious consumer and provide lower price offerings through, first, expanding the availability of our opening price point products, and secondly, downsizing selected items. Let me elaborate on these initiatives as we discuss our segments. Beginning with the U.S. Retail Coffee, we have a strong lineup of planned marketing actions and innovation for 2013. The relaunch of Folgers Gourmet Selection bag coffee repositions the brand as an entry level price point into the premium coffee segment. This provides a three-tier pricing strategy across the gourmet section with our Folgers Gourmet Selections, Dunkin' Donuts and Millstone brands. Building on the success of our K-Cup offering, we will soon launch 2 new varieties. We expect our business to realize double-digit growth in 2013 on top of the nearly $180 million of sales achieved in 2012. Additionally, our brands will participate in the test rollout of the Keurig new View [ph] coffee system during the upcoming year. We are also excited to announce the launch of our new Folgers FRESH BREAKS, a premium single-serve instant coffee with a more roast and ground-like experience. To support these new products and other brand-building initiatives, significant marketing investments are planned for coffee in 2013 including a number of new TV commercials. Second, we remain excited about the Rowland Coffee acquisition growth opportunities. We anticipate above-average growth rates from the Cafe Bustelo brand as we continue to expand into other key Hispanic markets in the United States. In 2012, the Rowland brands delivered $100 million in net sales for the U.S. Retail Coffee segment. And we expect to double their sales over the next 5 years. Third, green coffee costs are expected be lower in 2013, providing relief from the record highs we experienced in 2012. This, in turn, will allow lower prices on shelf which we expect will help improve our coffee volume in 2013. In May, we announced an average 6% price decrease on the majority of our U.S. retail packaged coffee products. Retailers are now beginning to reflect this decrease on the shelf. As Mark will discuss, we expect Coffee segment's profit to decline in the first quarter compared to last year's record first quarter, but anticipate segment profit growth for the full fiscal year. Finally, we expect to complete the last major milestone of the coffee supply chain restructuring project later this year. Our Kansas City coffee plant was recently closed, and the expansion of our New Orleans facility is on track to be completed this summer. In addition to improving our cost structure, the expanded plants allow us to capitalize on upcoming initiatives including future consolidation of the roast and ground production related to recent acquisitions and continued product innovation. Turning now to Consumer Foods, we expect overall volume will continue to be pressured in 2013, primarily in the first half of the year due to many of the same factors that impacted it this past year, including higher price points and competitive activities. To help address these challenges and provide growth opportunities, we have a number of new initiatives planned for Consumer Foods. First, we have several new products including the recently launched Jif Hazelnut spreads, which allows us to participate in the fast-growing specialty nuts category. Retailer acceptance of this offering has been very positive. We will also launch new varieties of Pillsbury baking mixes, frosting and seasonal items. Our innovation efforts have led to the launch of a downsized cake mix offering. This new size provides consumers with the same full-sized great tasting cake but is expected to improve profitability in what was currently a low margin category for our business. This profit improvement is expected to begin in 2014, as the coming year will be one of transition. Several new television ads are planned to support the launch of new products as well as building on the equities of our Smucker's, Jif and Pillsbury brands. Secondly, applying our learnings from this past year, we will increase focus on getting the price right in the price-sensitive categories such as oils and milk. We expect to achieve this by improving efficiency of our trade spend and better utilizing our pricing strategy. In the spreads category, we will reinstate our support of the back-to-school promotional period, following last year, when many of the promotional activities were pulled in the first quarter to manage the peanut crop availability. Peanut butter items, which had been temporarily discontinued in 2012, are also now back in the market. Lastly, in terms of the supply chain, we continue to make significant progress on the Orville manufacturing facility and will begin initial production in July and continue to ramp up activities over the next 12 months. The overall cost savings and construction cost related to this project remain on track. In addition, we have made significant investments to expand the capacity of our Smucker Uncrustable sandwich manufacturing facility in Scottsville, Kentucky. As such, we are better positioned to capitalize on continued strong consumer demand for this product, and we anticipate solid volume growth in 2013. Additionally, our capital expenditure plan for this year includes significant investments to further expand the bakery operations in this facility. As you can see, despite the economic and competitive environment, we believe our plans for 2013 will help improve our volume and share of market trends. Let me conclude with a few comments on our Sara Lee food service beverage acquisition, which doubled our existing Food Service business. We have accomplished a great deal since closing the transaction in January. As of May 1, nearly all major systems and processes have been transitioned. The integration was a tremendous achievement by our teams and was done in record time over the past 4 months. And the transition was seamless through our customers. In addition, we redesigned our food service sales organization and go-to-market approach. With a direct sales team now in place, our touch points with customers has expanded significantly, and we look forward to the growth opportunities this provides our overall food service business. Subsequent to the closing, we made 2 strategic decisions that will delay the transaction's expected EPS accretion from what was originally announced. First, we slowed the roast and ground supply chain integration activities, allowing our teams to prioritize other key initiatives underway in our U.S. Retail Coffee business. Secondly, in order to ensure we are meeting the needs of our customers, we initially absorbed additional lower margin Roast and Ground business that was not included in our long-term projections. We have begun to exit some of these businesses, however, at a slower pace than originally anticipated. While these decisions are expected to delay the majority of the EPS benefit for an additional 12 to 18 months, we remain confident in ultimately achieving the anticipated earnings contribution from this business. In closing, while we remain cautious as we enter the new fiscal year, we are encouraged about the proactive measures we are taking to address these challenges head-on, and by the opportunities that lay ahead. I will now turn the call over to Mark to discuss our consolidated results for the fourth quarter and to provide details on our outlook for 2013.
Mark T. Smucker: Thank you, Vince. Let me begin with a few comments on the fourth quarter. Net sales increased $168 million or 14%, reflecting a 10% impact of net price realization, offset somewhat by a 7% volume decline. Acquisition gathered $126 million or another 11%, and the impact of mix was favorable. While the overall volume decline was generally in line with expectations, earnings per share exceeded the midpoint of our implied fourth quarter guidance range by approximately $0.10, reflecting a reduction in marketing expense, lower administrative cost and the impact of fourth quarter share repurchases. These factors were partially offset by a higher effective tax rate and an impairment charge. Operating income, excluding restructuring and merger integration cost, increased $60 million for the quarter, primarily due to an increase in gross profit. SD&A expenses declined 4% for the quarter as higher selling expenses, which were primarily associated with the businesses acquired during the year, were more than offset by lower marketing and a decrease in incentive compensation cost in the current year. The effective income tax rate was 36.5% in the fourth quarter compared to 36.7% in the prior year. For the full year, the effective tax rate increased from 33.1% in 2011 to 34.4% this year, slightly above our most current guidance. An increase in state and local taxes caused the higher rate. Turning to cash. We ended the year with $230 million and no borrowings outstanding under our $1 billion revolving credit facility. Anticipating normal billing inventory during the first half of 2013, we expect to draw on the revolver beginning late this quarter, but anticipate paying down all revolver borrowings by the end of fiscal year. Free cash flow for the year totaled $457 million, slightly above our most recent guidance. Strong cash generation in the fourth quarter resulted in cash from operations exceeding $730 million for the year. Capital expenditures were $274 million in 2012, coming in at the high end of our guidance range and included approximately $135 million related to our restructuring project. During the quarter, we completed our 10b5-1 program, repurchasing 3 million common shares using approximately $225 million of cash. This leaves 3.9 million shares available for future repurchase. Let me conclude our formal remarks by providing our sales, earnings and cash flow outlook for 2013. As noted in this morning's press release, we expect non-GAAP income per diluted share in the range of $5 to $5.10 based upon approximately 110.5 million shares outstanding. Excluding amortization expense of nearly $100 million or $0.60 per share, the guidance would be $5.60 to $5.70 per share. For the reasons Vince indicated, the fiscal 2013 EPS contribution, related to the acquired Sara Lee business, is now anticipated to be below our original expectations but is still expected to be achieved over the long-term. In addition to our standard exclusion of restructuring and merger integration cost, the 2013 non-GAAP earnings range also excludes approximately $20 million of settlement charges related to the company's decision to settle certain pension liabilities through lump sum payouts. Net sales for 2013 are expected to increase approximately 7% over the prior year. The incremental impact of the Sara Lee food service acquisition is expected to contribute approximately 2/3 of the increase, with the remainder primarily due to mix. We project overall volumes to come in at levels slightly below this past year, primarily driven by declines in the first half of the year with trends improving in the last 6 months. Declines for the full year partially reflect planned rationalizations of certain lower margin flour business. Going into the year, we anticipate the impact of commodity cost changes within our basket of goods to be relatively neutral year-over-year. Lower cost for coffee and milk are expected to offset the full-year impact of higher peanut cost, along with increases in costs for sugar, certain fruits and other raw materials. Incremental savings associated with our supply chain initiatives are also expected. With 2012 savings coming in higher than originally anticipated, at just over $30 million, additional savings in 2013 are now expected to approximate $10 million. The projects remain on track to deliver nearly $40 million in annual run rate savings by the end of the fiscal year. SD&A expenses are expected to increase 10% to 11%, primarily reflecting a nearly 20% increase in marketing, and the full-year impact from the Sara Lee food service business acquired in January. Ongoing pension expense, along with incentive compensation cost, will also increase and are expected to have a high-single digit EPS impact. Net interest expense of approximately $95 million is projected, including interest associated with the anticipated borrowings on our revolving credit facility. This represents a nearly 20% increase over the prior year, reflecting a full year of interest related to last October's public debt issuance. The estimate also includes the partial recognition of a net deferred gain resulting from interest rate swaps terminated in 2012. And finally, we anticipate an effective tax rate in the range of 34% to 34.5%. Free cash flow is expected to be $500 million to $550 million, which would represent an increase of 15% over the prior year, using the midpoint of the range. As we continue to progress through our supply chain initiatives, we anticipate a reduction in CapEx from 2012 levels to a range of $210 million to $220 million in 2013, of which approximately $40 million relate to restructuring projects. Excluding the pension settlement charges noted earlier, we anticipate a year-over-year reduction in special project cost, which are expected to approximate $65 million, 3/4 of which are cash related. The remaining non-cash charges primarily represent accelerated depreciation. Other factors affecting cash flow include depreciation and amortization which, excluding special project cost, are expected to increase to approximately $255 million, primarily reflecting the Sara Lee transaction, dividends of nearly $215 million based on current rates and shares outstanding, and a scheduled debt repayment of $50 million in April of 2013. Finally, it is important to note that certain factors will cause an abnormal cadence to our year-over-year quarterly performance, particularly in the first quarter. Like many of our peers, we expect the second half of the fiscal year to be much stronger in terms of year-over-year earnings growth. However, we see our first quarter EPS falling short of the same period last year. This is primarily the result of the Coffee segment, where we expect a significant decline in first quarter 2013 Coffee segment profit from the record level in Q1 of the prior year. However, we do expect the Coffee segment to realize profit growth for the year, which -- much of it coming in the third and fourth quarters. In closing, let me reiterate our optimism in the future of the industry, our business and the strength of our brand. This year, we added to our portfolio to enhance our offerings and appeal to the ever-changing consumer. As we continue to integrate these products into the Smucker family of brands, we will remain dedicated to the operational excellence that the marketplace and consumer have come to expect from Smucker. This concludes our formal comments. We would now like to open up the call to questions. Operator, if you would please queue up the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And that sounds like maybe the amount of people that are walking through the center of the store these days. On that note, I guess, Richard and Vince, what are the conversations you're having with the retailers about, really in all seriousness, the lack of movement into the center of the store. And we're hearing reports that maybe it's the perishable stuff upfront that's moving. So maybe, I don't know, do the retailers not like care as much because their higher margin perishable stuff is going and kind of how are the conversations going to rejuvenate center of the store traffic?
Richard K. Smucker: Well, Eric, this is Richard. I'll start and Vince can certainly add probably more specifics than I can. But still, the center of the store is the most profitable section for the retailer. And no one is giving up on the center of the store. Obviously, with the prices that we've seen this past year, everyone in our industry, and the consumer foods industry, has suffered a little bit from that. But I think we're seeing a turnaround. Prices are coming down, and commodity costs are coming down. And we're starting to see more movement than we certainly did the third quarter, and we're seeing that trend into the coming year. Although, there's still a very cautious consumer out there. And they're not stocking their inventory shelves at home. And so we think that trend will continue somewhat. We're seeing the trends improve a little bit. And Vince, you might want to add to that.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes. Eric, I guess I would say, I think it's fair to say that categories are not growing, they're declining. And retailers, if they're growing, they're probably stealing share from their competitors. And that's been fairly targeted. Net-net, the majority -- the feedback that we get, despite maybe our results not being where we would like them, we're getting positive feedback that we're doing better than most. So again, as Richard mentioned, we think, with some of the softening of the commodity costs, hopefully we'll do better, and we're going to sharpen our pricing going forward. But the center of the store is still very, very important to all retailers.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then to Mark. Mark, can you quantify a little bit more, like how much you think pension expense is going to be up in fiscal '13 as well as the compensation recovery? And then, just remind me, how much Sara Lee was supposed to be accretive and where you think it comes in now? I mean, is it going to be dilutive this year or is it just less accretive than you originally thought?
Mark R. Belgya: Sure. Well, in terms of the pension and the compensation cost, in total it's high-single digits, Eric. So $0.08, $0.09 per share. And it splits fairly evenly between the 2. One thing, just to clarify, while I'm thinking of it, on the pension, we did talk about this settlement charge, and that is above and beyond the normal pension. So for everyone's sake, just to kind of keep those 2 topics separate. In terms of the Sara Lee, last -- when we announced the transaction, we said that we thought that it would contribute about $0.10 in earnings per share. So that was the profit from the business as well as the applied interest charges to that. What we're seeing now, in 2013, that will basically be about breakeven at an EPS level. Clearly, the business will contribute at a segment profit, but net-net, it'll basically be breakeven.
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard, Eric, and I would like to have Steve comment more on the Sara Lee business because we're excited about that. We've actually found more things that are positive than we anticipated. It's a complicated business. It's taken us a little longer to integrate it. But, Steve, you might want to share some of those thoughts.
Steven T. Oakland: Eric, it's Steve. If you think about the business we bought, and the Sara Lee company we bought it from, they were saddled through a series of acquisitions with a number of roast and ground facilities. And so they sold a lot of roast and ground product, mostly non-branded product, to cover those overheads, right? And that was the goal of a lot of it. And so as we got into these things, we didn't buy those businesses. But when we took a closer look at them, those are key businesses for key food service customers. So we wanted to make sure we exited those gracefully. We also see that some of those contracts are intertwined with some businesses that we would like to be in the long term, things like cocoa and cappuccino and other things, for some of those outlets. So as we looked at those 2 things, we said, let's take pause, let's serve those customers because we either sell them things today or we could sell them other Smucker products. Let's try to determine what little nuggets in there do we want long-term. And also, quite frankly, on the supply chain piece, there were some better -- as Vince mentioned in his comments, there were some better things we could spend that team's time on that are going to have even better long-term returns. So if we took pause and didn't force a fast integration of that Roast and Ground business, we could focus on things like Rowland and other projects, our other supply chain projects, which, candidly, are more important. So those variables, combined, offset -- are going to push the earnings back. But the core business, the Liquid Coffee business, the branded Roast and Ground business are delivering what we modeled or better margin. And to Richard's point, we've had our first several meetings with the new Sara Lee company in Europe, and we're excited about the innovation opportunities between the 2 companies.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess, first up, is -- certainly part of, as you talked about, next year will be a step-up in innovation and marketing and sharpening some price points. Yet volume's still perhaps down a bit for the year, primarily in the first half. So I want to get a sense of, with those sharper price points and all the innovation and such, perhaps why we still don't see volume for the year perhaps up a bit. Is it just because we'll see how we start the year out and it's still, as you said, kind of rough out there? Second would be, with organic sales for next year, 2/3 of it is the acquisition, the other 1/3 is mix. Is that basically saying that kind of, between the organic piece of volume and pricing they essentially, more or less, offset each other and it's pretty even on that front?
Vincent C. Byrd: This is Vince, I'll take the question. I'll set it up and then we'll turn to the presidents. But as we looked at 2013, as mentioned in our formal remarks, we believe our first half, we're still facing a lot of the same dynamics we faced in the last 6 months of our fiscal year. And as you look at things like our peanut butter pricing and some other things, we don't want to anticipate that those are going to change significantly in the first half of the year. Secondly, as already noted, the economic climate is still a bit challenging. And so, I think, us, like most CPG companies have a little more of a -- feel there's more of an upside on the last half of the year versus the first half of the year. We can get into specifics and we can turn it to Mark and Paul and Steve to talk about their respective businesses. But net-net, we have more new products in the pipeline than we've ever had, we'll lap the 50 new items that we launched last year. And so, again, we're very, very positive, although we do have some planned decreases in some items that Paul will speak to in the baking category. So...
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Sure. Andrew, this is Paul. When we look at some of the volume declines, some of that is managed declines on our low margin Flour business. We actually exited a regional flour business here this year. And they're just hemp products, so it's pretty meaningful volume. And also, on the Pillsbury side, we did what we call a kick downside, which -- downsize, which is similar to what both Betty and Duncan have done. And the units should remain the same, but the volume is down because we've reformulated those products.
Mark T. Smucker: And this is Mark, Andrew. On coffee, just generally speaking, I think Vince said it very well. I think that as you look at the full year of '13, we do expect modest volume growth in coffee. We have, still, experienced the hourglass effect that we've talked about, where you see some shifting of volume out of the mainstream coffee category and into sort of the premium and the opening price point areas. Having said that though, I think we said last time, our volume decline has moderated in mainstream, and actually, we were down less in the fourth quarter than the third. And quite frankly, the fact that we play in all of those segments, I think we're in a very good position. So between all of our offerings in the premium segment, all of our new products and all of our -- and some of the expansion that we've seen in distribution on our opening price point items, should help stem the tide in volume as we go forward.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then, just, Richard, one quick one, broadly. I think the last call you talked about, hopefully, not expecting this environment to be sort of a race to the bottom, right? From a pricing perspective, given the industry. Hopefully, you learned some lessons from the last time around when we saw some deflation. Any change or update to that thinking now that we're a quarter later and how does it reconcile with some of your guys' comments around sharpening price points and sort of narrowing some price gaps and things of that nature?
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, no, I think we have, as an industry, have to do it responsibly. We certainly will. We have the advantage, as a couple of the team mentioned here, of doing things like -- where our competitors have already done it before, in reducing sizes. We've got several categories where we can reduce our size and therefore offer a better value to the consumer without impacting our margins. We're going to take those types of steps. We will sharpen our pencil around the holiday period to make sure that we're offering the right price points to our consumers and our customers. And last holiday period, for example on back-to-school, we weren't even in the business in peanut butter because we had to withdraw from the market. So we have some specific areas where we can, I think -- you might call it sharpen your pencil or offer better value to the consumer without really affecting the bottom line. Now I don't see, out there, a change in strategy, at least by the big responsible consumer food companies of a race to the bottom. I don't think that is the case. I think we all learned our lesson a few years ago and recognize that, although volume's important, margins are just as important. And we want to make sure that the price is right for, not only the consumer but for our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Eric Gottlieb - Stephens Inc., Research Division: This is Eric Gottlieb for Farha. I have one question, on the volume decline in coffee going into the price decline, can you quantify how much volume loss there was and have you been able to recoup that in the first quarter?
Vincent C. Byrd: I'm not sure I understand the question.
Eric Gottlieb - Stephens Inc., Research Division: In your press release, you say that there was some inventory management in anticipation of a price decline in coffee.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes.
Eric Gottlieb - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I'm curious how much volume shifted into the first quarter and have you recouped all that?
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes. I'm not sure we actually know the exact number. I mean, I think, if you look at our fourth quarter from a volume perspective, we were down 2%, but then 8% excluding the acquisition. And really, it was just some anticipation of the coming price decline and thinking about the weight. When we take that price decline, we are really setting ourselves up for the next few quarters and are able to get our pricing more in line in almost all of the segments that we have. So I think that we would just say that we're cautious going through the first quarter, but we're optimistic going through the second and third quarters.
Mark R. Belgya: Eric, this is Mark Belgya, I guess what I'd add to that too, in fairness that while that's a little tough to quantify it's probably more prudent for us to take a look and comment on that when we get through the first quarter so we can see the full effect of it between the 2 quarters.
Eric Gottlieb - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay, that's fair. And then moving over to fruit spreads. Can you describe the competitive activity that caused the 11% volume decline? And what kind of actions are you guys doing to counter that going forward?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Sure, Eric, this is Paul. We did have a new entry of a new product into the fruit spreads category by one of our key branded players that did impact our volume. I think when we look at what happened, total year for us in fruit spreads, we had to pull back on promotions based on the fact that, last back-to-school, we took some of our peanut butter promotions out of the marketplace to manage the peanut crop issue. So we'd expect that to come back this year. So that would be one of the things we're doing differently. And then, I think we're also looking at some new opportunities for new products on fruit spreads coming up.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'd like to ask you a couple of questions on marketing and incentive compensation. So you discussed in your fiscal '13 outlook that you have large planned increases in marketing. What was marketing in fiscal '12? Or what was the year-over-year change in fiscal '12 marketing?
Richard K. Smucker: Well, the marketing dollars themselves were down about 3% in total. But as we've talked about in the last couple of quarters, part of that spend was a redeployment into trade spend. But if you just look at it year-over-year, net, it's about a 3% decline in dollars.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then the fourth quarter was down 18%. So I mean, is it not at least somewhat fair to say that F '13 is really catching up because of the declines in F '12?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. I think, if you look at 20%, I think the way I would think about it is probably 3 pieces of it. One is they're re-establishing the marketing that was previously transferred to deploy trade. I think two is, of course, some of the dollar increase is due to a full year Sara Lee. And then third is truly the support marketing initiatives for 2013, above and beyond.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then, Mark, on the incentive compensation, can you just explain that a little bit in terms of what the nature of the headwind is for F '13? And how much lower was incentive comp in F '12? And then, usually, it's like a mathematical effect where if it's down a lot in F'12 and there's a percentage rebound in the next fiscal year, that's usually what most management teams are talking about. But I don't think I fully grasp the mathematics of what was impacting you in F '13.
Mark R. Belgya: Sure. It's basically what you're suggesting, David. It's in 2012, clearly we fell short of our guidance and our plan for the year. So just the compensation that's tied to the earnings per share and the margins for the business unit have resulted in lower spends this year. For 2013, the way we approach that is we basically assume a plan amount. So all you're seeing, this increase, is basically where we ended 2012 back up to the expectation at 2013, assuming the guidance that we have outlined this morning.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And what's the percentage hit to operating profits? I mean, can you quantify it like it's a 6 or 7 point hit to operating profits?
Mark R. Belgya: Well, you have the dollar right. I said earlier, the incentive compensation cost, the pension, are about $0.08 to $0.09. About half of that is pension, so that's roughly $7 million. So you can kind of do the math from there.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So in your comments on incentive comp, you are also including the pension changes?
Mark R. Belgya: The high-single digit includes the pension. But when you take that high-single digit, it's basically half of it is incentive compensation cost and half of it is incentive -- or, I'm sorry, pension cost.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Final question from me just goes back to Sara Lee. So when you originally thought that this was going be a $0.10 accretive acquisition -- in your prepared comments, I got a little confused because I think you guys exactly said that there was some lower margin business that was negatively affecting the accretion calculation. I wish to translate this, if I may, and see if I'm doing it correctly, but lower margin -- I mean, most people usually think it means positive, but I don't think that, mathematically, is right. I think this has to be negative margin business that you've decided to keep until you can do this evaluation process that you outlined. Am I stating it correctly?
Steven T. Oakland: Yes, David, it's Steve Oakland. Yes, maybe the depths are slower [ph], it is negative. Some of those businesses, although they have some overhead coverage, they're not positive at most of the margin lines. They are negative. Hence, we'll be on them.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So, originally, when you're buying it, you thought you'd exit them immediately. But now you're saying, well, wait a minute, let's take our time and look to see how we might somehow benefit from some of the aspects of these businesses and then you get this negative impact in F '13. And then, presumably, in F '14, when they go away, you've exited these negative margin businesses, and all of a sudden, the accretion that you previously thought possible suddenly comes back again.
Steven T. Oakland: That's obviously better said than I did.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Market.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just off on the marketing increase, I was wondering if you could maybe talk, just at a high level, as to kind of how that splits by segment. Is it disproportionately weighted toward either coffee or retail consumer?
Mark R. Belgya: This is Mark Belgya. No, it's fairly distributed between the 2 segments. And then, in Canada, I believe they're also increasing their market spend.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then just as a follow-up on coffee. You kind of mentioned the hourglass effect, where the low end's doing well and the premium end is doing well. The Dunkin' volumes were a little bit weak in the quarter and I think you actually had an easier comparison. So is there anything that we should think about, just competitively, with the Dunkin' brand relative to your, generally, kind of positive comments about the premium segment of the market?
Mark T. Smucker: Sure, this is Mark Smucker, on coffee. First of all on Dunkin', I would say that we still feel great about the brand. It's been a fantastic brand for us. And we actually did see, over that very brief Easter period, during the quarter, we did see modest growth on Dunkin'. But it ultimately comes back to, number one, the positioning of the brand as a strong brand. But secondly, making sure that we manage our price gap to the key competitor. And that means, generally speaking, that we need to be at parity or below that competitor, and given the pricing action that we recently took on that brand, we think that we're well positioned going forward over the next couple of quarters in the right spot. So I guess, I would just close by saying, we do expect to see some modest growth continuing to grow that brand over the year. But we do have, essentially, full distribution. So that growth would be organic.
Vincent C. Byrd: And new products and seasonals.
Mark T. Smucker: And there will be -- thank you, Vince, there will be new products as well. As we've done each year in the key periods, we will be introducing new flavors on the seasonals.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry if I missed this, I was a little bit distracted on that last Dunkin' Donut question. Can you specify what the Dunkin' Donuts volume growth or decline was this quarter?
Mark T. Smucker: 13% negative.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Wow, okay. And you were cycling a low-double digit decline from the prior year. That's a pretty big decline. Do you think that's just price gap related?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes.
Vincent C. Byrd: This is Vince, I would add a couple of things. I guess, it's clearly price gap and just the amount of investment that key competitors are making in that segment right now. And so you have some things going on at the top end and the bottom end of that segment. And why we feel very good about going forward is, as Mark articulated, we know where we need to be pricing-wise, but we're also repositioning the Folgers Gourmet Selection brand. And so we believe we're well positioned as we move forward into fiscal '13.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: How much do you think Gevalia is cannibalizing Dunkin'?
Mark T. Smucker: Well, I think there's very, very minimum cannibalization from Gevalia, if any. I think, from what we've seen so far, Gevalia has not had a significant impact, and it has not started off as strongly as we might have expected.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: You're also going to have some new competition coming into K-Cups soon. We've got private label and perhaps some other brands entering the format. Maybe, maybe not. In your guidance, what sort of impact have you contemplated on your K-Cup business from that?
Mark T. Smucker: Yes, let me start with just generally speaking, we're still very happy with that, the K-Cup business, and we do expect to see low-double digit growth continue. As new entrants have come in, it has actually grown the system and the category. And, generally speaking, when we look at volumes, we see that the volume is largely incremental to our other businesses and our mainstream business. And so, there are some new users coming into the category still, and we recently have seen some data that shows that once consumers buy our brands, there is a fair amount of loyalty there. And so, if you think about private label coming into that category, we think that, number one, that is going to continue to grow the Keurig system and the category. And as you know, we coexist in most of our categories of private label, and we will just continue to focus on maintaining our leadership through marketing support, new products and our go-to-market strategy.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Low-double digits sounds like a pretty substantial deceleration. Is that because your -- is that what's embedded in your guidance and assumption? Are you really expecting the category to sort of decelerate so rapidly?
Mark T. Smucker: I don't think we're expecting the category to decelerate in the very near term. I think that, over time, and we don't know when, there will be some time when the category probably does plateau. But recall that it has been the most successful product launch in our company's history. We're maintaining our fair share of that category. And so I think we're actually pretty happy with double-digit growth going forward. And I think that you'll see, quarter-over-quarter, we should be up in each of the next several quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mitch Pinheiro of Janney Capital Markets.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: So just staying on coffee and on K-Cups. Are you going to be launching the View [ph] Cups at grocery near term or will you merely be like participating on websites in the near term?
Mark T. Smucker: We will actually be going forward with a test, which will be in the mass channel, in the fall time frame. We haven't actually locked down the exact timing, but it is coming soon. Obviously, we're very excited about the View [ph] system. We think Keurig has done a great job with the K-Cup system, and we're optimistic that they can do the same with the View [ph] system. So yes, we will be testing it, and that will likely lead to a more broader distribution base. But I think that you'll see in the year the impact of that from a volume and sales perspective will be minimal. But we're optimistic.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, as it relates to like coffee, typically, coffee is relatively inelastic. And the volume declines -- so you're seeing the barbell effect where there's probably -- your premium coffee drinkers are staying with premium. But there is a trade down from the middle going lower and you're repositioning, I guess, your Folgers Gourmet Select at the low end. Did I understand that correctly?
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes. The Folgers Gourmet Selection has a completely new packaging, positioning and it will be an entry price point to the premium segment.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: So I mean, are people drinking less coffee? Are you seeing a -- is there a channel shift where you may be underrepresented? Is there any -- and how does -- from your angle, on the food service business, how do volumes look on food service?
Vincent C. Byrd: Okay. Well, let me start on retail and then I'll pass it over to Steve. I think people are generally not drinking less coffee. Obviously, there is some shifting to K-Cup, and that's a single-serve, that's a lower volume item. Just in terms of absolute weight. Part of the dumbbell effect or the hourglass effect has been driven by this shifting down to an opening price point. Given where we're going on our pricing and that we've already seen some of the reflection on shelf, we would expect that some of those consumers would shift back into the core mainstream items. And on the premium side, some of that shifting is natural, but some of the shifting is driven by a lot of competitive activity in that segment. So we think that we're positioning ourself very well by playing in all tiers of the premium segment as well.
Steven T. Oakland: And then let me speak briefly, the food service. Food service, by channel, the volumes are very, very different. In fact, our core Food Service business volumes last year were up. When you look at a segment -- if you look at total food service, you would think it would be down. But we participate in some of the segments like health care, lodging, some of the segments that, frankly, are doing pretty well in the food service arena. We don't participate in a lot of quick-service coffee, those kinds of things. And those are probably the segments that are interacting with the consumer brewing a K-Cup at home. So we think our particular food service volumes will be fine next year because in health care, gaming, lodging, all of those things, where both Sara Lee were strong and where our core business is strong, we see those growing. But the macro food service segment, as you know, is flat to down just a little bit, but that includes all those other segments.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And will pricing be down in food service coffee this year?
Steven T. Oakland: Sure, yes. And food service coffee pricing. Now, what the big guys do, on the per cup -- through the drive-through, obviously they'll make those decisions. But typically, our food service relationships are even more transparent than our retail relationships because we don't merchandise around holiday periods or any of those things. So food service coffee pricing tends to move probably more frequently and quicker than it does in retail.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You mentioned that you're not necessarily expecting an irrational shift toward the pursuit of volumes versus profit in coffee, but you also were talking about managing price gaps a little more efficiently based on some of your competitors' actions. And that, maybe, tells us that your competitors have taken down prices more than what might have been expected. So historically, coffee's been the category where everyone sort of played nicely together in the sandbox. It's been a bit less so lately. So why isn't it fair for us to, at least, maybe be a bit more focused on pricing concerns and some lack of rationality than usual?
Richard K. Smucker: I think, in our case, I have to speak to Smucker's case. Number one, we did not downsize in a lot of our categories. We're taking the opportunity to do that now. So we have a little bit more flexibility to move and we're doing in several categories. And that's going to help us. We had some commodity issues last year where we didn't have commodities, such as peanut butter, to promote during the right time. So we can do that, which we weren't able to do last year. So we might be a little better positioned than some of our competitors to get to our price gaps quicker than they will be able to. And that is a disadvantage we had this past 12 months, which I think is reversing itself in the next 12 months. It's a competitive market out there, and people can set their prices where they want to set them. But I think, in general, most of the large consumer food companies are pretty responsible in what they do, and we recognize that giving a value to the consumer is more important. Still buying U.S. food products in the U.S. is still one of the best values for the consumer around the world. So we only spend 17% of our consumer earnings on food. So it's still a good value.
Vincent C. Byrd: Richard, I would add, Ken, a couple of things. First of all, as Richard mentioned earlier, we will always, as price leader, take a responsible position for the category. That's sort of job #1. We do know, as we have stated before, we need to balance our volume, our share of market and our profitability. Becoming sharper on price points does not necessarily mean, in all instances, it will affect our profit. It might be a situation where we're -- have learnings on our trade spend about merchandising or depth or frequency that we're taking more efficient approach as we enter into key holiday periods. But then lastly, I would add and reinforce what Mark Smucker said, is that we have some clear elasticity learnings about where our prices need to be, vis-à-vis certain competitors. And that may or may not affect profitability on some selected items but we know, in order to maintain our share volume, those are the actions that we are going to need to take.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's helpful. And I do worry less about you guys than your competitors though. Second question, on your commodities. A few articles have been published lately, suggesting that the peanut crop will be much better this fall than last year. And I know it's too early to tell, but is this your expectation as well? And when will we have a better idea of the crop size and quality? And then on coffee. I know you don't want to talk too much about this, but can we discuss a bit, the longer term prospects for coffee cost? I'm curious what you're seeing out there in terms of crop sizes and yields, because we're seeing some conflicting reports on whether this year's crop is unusually large in certain key regions or whether it's more of a sustainable improvement.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes, Ken, this is Paul. Regarding the peanut crop, yes, we're hearing the same thing that you are. We would anticipate the crop to be a strong crop. We have plantings up about 20% to 25%. The moisture in the ground right now is very good. Even West Texas is planted and looks pretty good. When we anticipate to really understand what the crop's going to be, that's not going to happen until closer to fall, when we get closer to harvest. But all indications that we see right now is that the crop should be a good year.
Vincent C. Byrd: And then, Ken, on coffee. Just, if you think broadly, first of all, about Arabica and Robusta, obviously Arabicas have come down, Robusta's gone up. Some of that is driven by -- first of all, we are expecting a larger Arabica crop in Brazil. And there is continued tightening on Robusta. I think we talked, last time, about -- in the Robusta world, some of the farmers and some of the holders or warehouses had been holding some of that Robusta. That had been one of the factors driving prices up. And then in Columbia, as you know, the rains have not ceased and so we are expecting another low, poor crop in Columbia, which obviously is not great. But again, I think the markets are not driven, anymore, purely by fundamentals. And so there is some speculation there that will continue to drive some of the volatility. And then I think another thing that's unique right now is that there are other factors that influence some of those costs or that are components, it's not strictly the futures price. But that clearly has an impact. So I think your comments are generally correct. So there are put and takes out there and we're just trying to manage through it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask a bit about the China business? Because I think this is the first time we've managed to catch up since that acquisition or that joint venture was closed. You put in $36 million to get that stake. I wondered if you could tell us a little bit more about that business. How large is it? What kind of stake have you picked up? What's its market share position? Is it very thinly spread nationally or is it very focused in one region? And then maybe just a bit about your financial strategy with respect to China going forward. Might there be more bolt-on acquisitions or are you really -- is this is it for now and you're going to see how this one goes? And do you have plans to expand your stake in that particular company?
Mark R. Belgya: Alexia, it's Mark Belgya. I'll just start with a response to the ownership and I'll turn it over to Steve for more of the detail. As you said, we invested about $35 million and that will get us a 25% equity interest. So clearly, in the coming year, as a minority interest, it will not contribute to sales, it'll just be a net profit contribution and it'll basically be fairly insignificant. In terms of the size, and with respect to our partners, we're not disclosing that at this time. We'll just say that it is clearly one of the leading oatmeal businesses in China.
Steven T. Oakland: Sure. And, Alexia, Steve Oakland. I commented a little bit about them. I think we've talked that for several years we've been doing specific research in China on categories and companies within those categories that we think provide us the opportunity to implement our strategy there. We think Seamild is a wonderful business. A couple of things. We all know, hot cereal, great category. But if you think about China and you think about the challenges as you market outside of just Shanghai, Beijing, Guanzhou, this is grain-based hot cereal that's made in boiling water. The Chinese consumer eats congee, grain-based, rice-based, hot cereal that they make in boiling water. So we don't have to change a lot of habits here to provide what they perceive is a more healthful, more Western -- and even though it is a premium to congee, it's still a grain-based, relatively low-cost alternative. So all of those things, we think, are wonderful. But better than that, unique to this size company, these folks are marketers. They understand brand. They use sachi [ph], they do things and they look at their business a lot like we do. And they do it in the tier 2 and tier 3 cities. Things that are typically tough to do for especially start-up Western companies. I mean, selling to Carrefour in Beijing is something we understand, but marketing in those smaller cities is something we can learn a lot from these folks. So we're starting to put a team in place. We have an office open in Shanghai. We'll have an office open soon in Beijing. We're doing those things. We would expect this to evolve. We think there are other positions that we would love to be involved with, either in another minority stake, or frankly, operating a smaller business there. We're not taking that off the table. So those are our goals, but we think this is a unique business, it gives us a chance to learn a lot. And whether we go forward and own more or the whole thing over time, I think quite frankly, we have tremendous respect for them. Our cultures are very similar and we'll work that out together.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask about your commodity cost guidance. I was surprised that coffee costs are going to be offset by peanut and sugar. Can you give us some color into what you're expecting there? I mean, the futures market is telling us roughly 20% to 25% decline in coffee costs. So if that was flowing through your guidance, it would be a net positive, I would think, relative to your guidance. But can you just help me? What's going on? I mean, I know there's a lot of hedging and stuff that goes on that caused those timing issues, but I was surprised that lower coffee cost would not offset the higher peanut and sugar cost.
Mark R. Belgya: Akshay, it's Mark Belgya. It's a good question, a fair question. I think, traditionally, most of the discussion around coffee prices is based on futures. But as Mark made the reference to, there clearly are other costs, logistic cost, quality cost, country, things like that, that factor in and quite honestly, those have gone sort of contrary to what you've seen in the Arabica market. So it's those costs that are negating a bit, which you'd expect just looking solely at the futures market.
Mark T. Smucker: And I would add, Akshay, this is Mark Smucker, if you think back over the past 4 to 6 months, the tapering off on the futures markets, as you've seen in Arabica, has been fairly steady. And so if you think about -- that would play into when we take delivery on those as well. Going forward, as you -- obviously, there has been a significant decline in Arabicas. But keep in mind the comments that Mark Belgya said and then just the strength of Robustas as well. So I think that there's a number of factors, it's not just the futures market that we have to make sure that we're taking into consideration.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. Just a follow-up on that, as it relates to pricing relative to some of your competition, there's been a large retailer, I think on private label, that has been gaining some share. And I think you had mentioned that last quarter and you still mentioned promotional activity this quarter as being somewhat of a headwind. Our research is telling us that, that was happening because private label was playing with blends on Robusta and Arabica that were helping them sort of beat you on pricing, I mean, and it looks like that gap has narrowed. I mean, am I reading that correctly? I mean, I find that hard to believe that the #1 branded coffee company is getting beat by a private label manufacturer on pricing. So am I reading that correctly? I mean, why are there price gaps in coffee when you're the category captain?
Vincent C. Byrd: You are right, Akshay. I think you stated it very well. There was a major customer who had decided, consciously, that we believe anyway, to take a lower margin on private label. You're also correct that we are narrowing that gap and you're also correct, again, that private label coffee tends to be 100% Robusta. So that obviously does have an impact. I would just conclude by saying that, again, we're closing those gaps and we feel comfortable that, both from a mainstream Red Can standpoint, as well as an opening price point, that we should be well positioned in the next couple of quarters.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And just one last one. In terms of your sort of base business growth, obviously, your EPS growth is -- guidance midpoint is like 7%. I don't think you're assuming any share repurchases. So from a segment operating income standpoint, can you help us, directionally at least? I would assume coffee is going to be double digits because of acquisitions and lower cost. But you did talk about a transition year and I don't know if you were referring to the whole consumer segment or if you were just referring to a part of it. Is that segment just going to be down in terms of profit year-over-year?
Unknown Executive: Well, the transition was specific to the downsizing of the cake [ph] that was mentioned earlier. The segment profit -- I mean, we expect to see segment profit growth across our segments. Clearly, from a dollar perspective, International Foodservice, National Foods will be impacted by the increment of Sara Lee, but we see growth across -- and again, as we've said, more back-end of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson of Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: So I feel like I kind of ask this question kind of farther back in the queue every quarter. But it always, all of this at the end of the day, goes back to free cash flow. And like you said before, your free cash flow's going up 15% year-over-year, fully adjusted EPS with the onetime loss in Q2 and the impairment in Q3 is about 5%. So if I'm thinking 5% adjusted EPS growth year-over-year and the 15% in free cash flow, I guess, one, could you remind me where you expect CapEx to be kind of at the tail end of the restructuring planned in '14? And then, two, is, with the incremental free cash flow this year, I know you referenced the debt maturity, but is the probability of increased free cash flow this year and next year higher now to go into the further buyback of the $3.9 million you have still on your authorization? Or should we kind of be sitting tight right now because you want to be careful with cash if volumes are still down?
Mark R. Belgya: Sure. Rob, this is Mark Belgya. Let me address the 2 of those. Let me just start with free cash flow. We have said that we think that we can grow free cash flow, basically double it over 5 years. So clearly, our 15% is the right step in year one. Our CapEx, we've dropped it, from this past year, about $275 million. Next year, we said we're going to be -- or next year, I'm sorry, being '13, between $210 million and $220 million. Ultimately, we still want to get down to, basically, what we call the industry average, with sort of 3% to 3.5% of net sales. We feel that's the right run rate. So you're getting somewhere in that $180 million to $210 million level on a go-forward basis. Seems right to us. In terms of the use of the cash. I mean, I guess I would just fall back on sort of what we have consistently said in terms of our free cash flow. We want to invest basically about half of it, over time, in the business, whether that's acquisitions and capital expenditures and the other half returned to shareholders, be it dividend and buyback. And I don't see us being, necessarily, any more aggressive in terms of buyback. As of right now, our guidance does not reflect any. Last year, we bought over 4 million shares. We'll continue to look opportunistically. We've got 4 million shares, roughly, available and we'll sort of see how the year is. The good thing is, is we've got strong cash generation, we've got a lot of liquidity. And even through the tough times, we're well positioned from that perspective.
Operator: And we'll now go again to Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just real quickly, so I understand, Mark, the top line. So you said, of the 7% growth, 2/3 is acquisition, the rest is mix, roughly, and volume. Like I assume, pricing is going to be, over the year, net, down. So aren't you -- doesn't that then equate to volumes being up over the year? Even if it's second half weighted? Am I thinking about that incorrectly?
Mark R. Belgya: It's very marginally close to what we accomplished this year. It's really that close, albeit down.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Which?
Mark R. Belgya: The volume.
Richard K. Smucker: Eric, this is Richard. One comment on volume, which I always like to make is that we also look at units. And when we sell a K-Cup, it's a lot of units, but it's not a lot of volume. When we sell a lot of flour, it's a lot of volume, but it's not a lot of units. And if you would measure our performance just in units and not volume all the time, we actually look better by a couple of percentage points. And we keep track of those, and usually those units carry a higher value. So I just don't want to get overly hung up on volume, all the time, versus units. And maybe at some point in time we'll be able to share those in an intelligent manner, but the numbers look better, internally, than they do externally.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, Eric, it's Mark. Just to close that off. The perfect example we share is obviously the K-Cups. Low volume item, very high dollar. And then finally, just again, on volume, if you take the commentary that Paul had earlier on the items that were rationalized, being on the flour and then the downsizing impact, it actually throws this slightly positive. So those clearly are what's driving the overall negative volume. But again, it's around 0.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask you, first off, a bit of a follow-up on a point you were just making there. In the coffee segment, in this quarter you had a pretty significant mix benefit from K-Cups. And just simple math, taking that away from the level of pricing that we've calculated for that division, it suggests that underlying pricing was down quite a bit sequentially. And I just want to understand the nature of that sort of decline sequentially, you've talked about incremental promotion in your business in the fourth quarter. And really, I'm more interested in kind of what that means going forward. How should we look at kind of early '13 and the degree of promotional spending behind that, behind the coffee business.
Mark R. Belgya: Chris, this is Mark Belgya. Just to make sure that we're understanding -- you're saying it's down, but you're saying sequentially.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Sequentially, correct. So good pricing year-over-year. It's just that there was a pretty significant contribution from K-Cups from a mix standpoint. And when I look at price and mix together, it suggested that the price component, in rough terms, was up modestly. Less than I expected, I guess, is what I'm saying.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. I think, the reason, clearly, is just the passage of time. We took an 11% price increase of February a year ago. So we lapped that, obviously, during the quarter and then we had a 10% increase at the beginning of last fiscal, and then of course, the 6% decline last late summer, early fall. So it's just that all of that heavy increase, the price increase has just been lapped.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And I understand that. I think you've also indicated there was an increase or step-up in promotion that occurred in the fourth quarter. Was that, you're telling me, a pretty modest increase?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then my final question for you is on just the comments you've made about narrowing price gaps. All I'd like to understand, if I could, would be -- we still like to have our coffee and some narrowing you have to do there. But what segments, or what businesses really where you see most of that activity occurring? And then -- all of them?
Mark R. Belgya: Primarily, all of them. I mean, again, we're going be very responsible as we look at those opportunities but it would be the majority of our key categories of coffee, peanut butter, spreads, oil, milk, et cetera, baking.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Would you anticipate using trade spending to do the majority of that? I also want to understand, you've talked about some new products and opening price point products you could use as well. I'm just trying to understand the balance between those 2.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, it's all of the above. It's all of those actions. So again, as Mark Smucker and Paul indicated, it's focusing on some of the lower end items, but it also -- it is about getting a little sharper on our pricing, as we've mentioned, on both promotional and everyday shelf price.
Richard K. Smucker: I think the other comment, we should -- this is Rick -- I think the comment we should make is, as you know, in almost every category that we participate in, we're the leader in the category. And so we have the ability to price what I would call right, not lower but right. And some of the commodity cost have moderated, which allows us to be transparent with our customers and to gain that credibility which we've had for many years. But it doesn't necessarily mean just lower pricing. It means the right price point and at the right time. And so, as I said, it's a blend of making sure we maintain our margins. And I think we can do that because we've had some lower commodity cost, and we can pass those on where appropriate. And it's also at the right time. So we want to make sure, during the key promotional periods, that we're priced right during the promotional periods. We're not talking about cutting prices across-the-board in any manner. We're just making sure that at the right point in time, we have the right price on the shelf. And I think we think that maybe we missed a couple of opportunities last year, which we think we can gain this coming year with some better timing and merchandising.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. You would, therefore, expect -- you've talked about some trade promotion efficiency. Would your trade spending be up for the year? Is that the expectation even though you have some efficiencies coming through?
Mark R. Belgya: Not necessarily. Again, we did some shifting last year. So I don't know that we'd anticipate it being up, but a lot will have to do where the commodities rest for the balance of the year and what competitive activity that we see. But we're not anticipating a significant increase as we sit here today.
Operator: We'll now go again to Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Very quickly, I think if I heard you correctly, your cash EPS next year, guidance range, is $5.60 to $5.70. Is that a wider gap between cash and reported EPS than you had talked about in the past?
Mark R. Belgya: It would be wider a little bit, Ken, because that's primarily the add-back of depreciation amortization. Amortization went up because of Sara Lee. And depreciation is, obviously, up a little -- well, I'm sorry, that is just amortization, so that would be just that. So the amortization has increased from prior year.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: By how much exactly?
Mark R. Belgya: $10 million to $15 million -- $15 million.
Operator: I will now turn the conference call back to management to conclude.
Richard K. Smucker: We want to thank everybody for being on the call today. And as we said, we're optimistic about the coming year and look forward to next opportunity to speak with you. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 1 (888) 203-1112 or 1 (719) 457-0820 with the passcode of 4728592. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-02-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sonal P. Robinson - Director of Corporate Finance, Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive officer and Director Vincent C. Byrd - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Mark R. Belgya - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President Paul Smucker Wagstaff - Director and President of U.S. Retail Consumer Foods Mark T. Smucker - President Of Us Retail Coffee And Director Steven T. Oakland - President Of International, Foodservice And Natural Foods
Analysts: Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Robinson.
Sonal P. Robinson: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; Vince Byrd, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Belgya, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Oakland, President, International, Foodservice and Natural Foods; Mark Smucker, President, U.S. Retail Coffee; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President, U.S. Retail Consumer Foods. After this brief introduction, I will turn the call over to Richard for opening remarks. Vince will then provide commentary on the dynamics occurring within our business segments, and Mark will close with additional comments on our financial results for the quarter and our outlook for the year. During the call today, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning forward-looking statements. Let me also remind you that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our website at smuckers.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please contact me or Mark Belgya. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Smucker: Thank you, Sonal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. By now, you have seen our financial results for the third quarter, which were obviously below our historical performance levels, as well as our and your expectations. On today's call, we will provide an update on the dynamics that challenged the business in the quarter and discuss our plans to address the issues going forward and why we remain optimistic and confident in our plans.  First, to ground everyone. We now anticipate cost increases in excess of $500 million for the full year, which we have been covering primarily with price increases, along with expense cuts and productivity gains. To put this into perspective, our net pricing increased approximately 16% for the quarter, which we believe is more than double the average inflation rate in the food sector. With leading brands in most categories where we compete, we have maintained price leadership and transparency with our retailers and have been responsible with both price increases and decreases when commodity cost warrants such adjustment. Although we expected volume to decline during the quarter, the magnitude of the decline was unexpected. Consumer takeaway declined sharply in a number of our categories during the Fall Bake and Holiday season. This is consistent with IRI data, which indicated that year-over-year, the overall volume of food and beverage sold through measured channels decreased 4% for the 12-week period ended January 22, reaching a new 5-year low. This time period, of course, aligned fairly closely with our own quarter.  Other factors, notably, significantly higher price points on a number of our key items, consumer pantry loading of peanut butter ahead of our November price increase, a reduction in retail inventory levels and aggressive pricing by a few key competitors and retailers further impacted the volume shortfall. In a moment, Vince will discuss these dynamics as they relate to our 3 largest categories. Sell-through was disappointing, considering we entered the period with sound marketing and merchandising plans in place, as we discussed on our call last quarter. As our marketing and sales teams performed post-holiday reviews, we saw an increase in the number of bake centers and Smucker items included on these bake centers as we expected. In addition, our holiday advertising and social media were well executed. The difference played out in the actual consumer takeaway relative to what we had expected from our promotional activities. For example, in our core Folgers Coffee offering, this year's promoted price point of $8.99 was 30% less than the un-promoted everyday price, but it was substantially higher than last year's promoted price of $6.99. As stated, we expected the volume to be down somewhat, but it was down greater than we thought. Having identified the reasons for the overall volume decline, we are actively addressing the issues with pricing, along with taking other actions aimed at strengthening the business. First, let me say that we do not view our quarter's results or the consumers' behavior as fundamental changes that would affect our business model. We want to emphasize that we are confident in our long-term strategy and expect the consumer to adapt to adjusted market prices over the coming quarters. Over the past several months, commodity costs have generally declined, with the exception of peanuts and sugar. Coffee, which is our largest purchase commodity, has seen recent Arabica futures average around $2.20 a pound. This compares to over $2.75 a pound just a few months ago. If costs continue at the current levels, we would likely take a coffee price decrease early in fiscal 2013 and expect a positive volume impact from this action. As commodity costs moderate, we will continue evaluating opportunities to adjust pricing and promotional activities in other categories as well.  We also continue to invest in our brands, and we use the consumer analyst group of New York's conference next week as an opportunity to provide an update on a number of new products and marketing initiatives. While the quarter was challenging, there were a number of key accomplishments. First, we closed the acquisition of the Sara Lee North American foodservice hot beverage business in January and are making great progress on integration. We have targeted May 1 as the date we plan on transitioning customer ordering and invoicing, manufacturing and green coffee processes onto our systems. Second, our Pillsbury Baking business was strong this quarter, further strengthening its position as the #2 brand in the baking category, gaining nearly 2 share points during the most recent 12-week period. Third, our brands outperformed significantly the closest competitor in most of our categories, as measured by share of market. And in general, our market share remained strong across most of our categories. Fourth, K-Cups continued on its growth trajectory, with sales in the U.S. increasing $38 million or approximately 180% over last year. We expect to achieve over $160 million in K-Cups sales this year. And finally, as Mark will further explain, we increased our cash flow significantly during the quarter, providing additional liquidity for growth and shareholder return.  Before I turn the call over to Vince, I would like to acknowledge the efforts of our team. During challenging times, our employees persevere and work their hardest. We thank them for what they have done and for what they will do as we move forward. I would also like to welcome our new employees from Sara Lee to the Smucker Company. While our tactics may change, we are confident in our strategy of owning #1 brands sold in the center of the store. As we have reiterated many times in the past, we are focused on long-term growth and building our brands for the benefit of all of our constituents.  With that, I will now turn the call over to Vince, who will share more detail on the performance of key brands and categories, as well as some exciting news about our relationship with Green Mountain Coffee Roasters.
Vincent C. Byrd: Thank you, Richard. Good morning, everyone. Although net sales increased 12% in the quarter, we are disappointed in the 10% volume decline that was primarily due to mainstream coffee, peanut butter and oils. As Richard noted, in addition to the unfavorable consumer trends, the primary factors affecting our results were: first, higher promoted and un-promoted price points during the holiday period as a result of our price leadership actions; second, consumer pantry loading of peanut butter in advance of our price increase was greater than we had originally estimated; third, selected retailers chose to reduce inventories significantly over what we have experienced in the past, as well as use their private label to drive traffic during the holiday period; and finally, although our teams monitor and adjust our tactics real-time, in many cases, we made conscious decisions not to take short-term irresponsible pricing actions to meet competitive pressures that would have resulted in negative returns.  Having said that, we remain optimistic for a number of reasons including: the overall contribution of new products across the portfolio; the moderation of costs for many of our key commodities; our share of market remains healthy; the growth opportunities from the recently acquired Cafe Bustelo and Cafe Pilon brands and the Sara Lee foodservice business; and finally, the significant progress being made on our key supply chain initiatives with all milestones remaining on track. Now let me provide some more details on the segments, starting with U.S. Retail Coffee. The ongoing stratification of the consumer base was very apparent in our results this quarter. At one end of the spectrum, our Folgers value offering, which we call opening price point, experienced a 67% volume increase over the prior year. This product is typically priced approximately 30% less than our core Folgers Classic Roast. At the other end of the spectrum, K-Cups sales were nearly $60 million for the quarter or nearly 3x the sales of the prior year. Also, our Dunkin' premium [ph] -- Dunkin' Donuts coffee brand realized 4% volume growth, reversing 3 consecutive quarters of volume decline. Incremental sales of Dunkin' Donuts seasonals drove the increase. In the middle of these 2 ranges is where we saw the higher price points have the most effect on consumer behavior impacting our core Folgers roast and ground business. This was the primary driver in the overall volume decline for the segment. Aggressive private label pricing at certain key retailers also contributed to the decline. Coffee segment profit decreased for the quarter as a result of the lower Folgers volume and the impact of significantly higher green coffee cost. Despite the challenging quarter, we increased our marketing expense 4% over the prior year's third quarter. As a reminder, last year's segment profit was an all-time record high in terms of dollars. As we look into the fourth quarter, we expect overall volume to be down versus last year but improved from the third quarter. We expect strong contributions from Rowland brands and the continued K-Cup growth. With these factors, combined with moderating green coffee costs, we expect a quarter-over-quarter increase in segment profit for coffee. Finally, within coffee, we are pleased to announce we have reached an agreement with Green Mountain Coffee Roasters to include the Folgers Gourmet Selections and Millstone brands as part of the new Keurig Vue brewing system. This will allow us to continue with our current K-Cup business while expanding our branded presence into this new single-serve platform. We look forward to sharing more details around this exciting opportunity with you in the future. Turning now to Consumer Foods. Sales and segment profit increased 7% and 4%, respectively. Starting with peanut butter, volume was down double digits, while profits were up. While we effectively managed customer volume, it appears there was consumer pantry loading during the second quarter due to the high level of media coverage in advance of our price increase. In addition, we were impacted by a competitor who promoted back much of the price increase and kept the everyday shelf price below $3. Looking forward, we believe our prudent actions taken to manage challenges related to the 2011 peanut crop have positioned us well. We remain comfortable with our peanut supply heading into the remainder of the fiscal year. Turning to Crisco. Despite outstanding display activity, our base oil business continued to be impacted significantly in the quarter by aggressive private label price points at a few key retailers. Additionally, the average price gap during the quarter for our 48-ounce Crisco offering widened considerably from the prior year, exceeding our optimal gap objectives. As a result, we are currently evaluating opportunities to address the gap going forward.  During the quarter, the Pillsbury brand realized strong sales growth as a combination of new products and strong sales of baking mixes led to an overall increase of 28%. This growth has been led by the distribution gains and the continued success of our seasonal offerings, along with a more stable competitive pricing environment, all of which has contributed to market share increase. Looking at the remainder of the year, volume within the Consumer Foods segment will continue to be challenged, resulting in similar overall volume decline as in the third quarter. Additionally, peanut costs will be significantly higher in the fourth quarter. As such, quarter-over-quarter segment profit is expected to decline.  For the International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment, excluding the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign exchange, net sales increased 5%. Price increases more than offset a 9% decline in volume. Volume gains in Folgers Coffee were more than offset by declines in natural beverages, Bick's pickles and Five Roses flour. As anticipated, the reentry of private label offerings into the pickle category in Canada drove a decline in our Bick's pickle brand. In addition, shortages in the supply of organic apples impacted the performance of our Natural Foods business. Excluding the impact of an impairment charge in the prior year related to the previously owned Europe's Best business, segment profit was down 17% primarily due to the lower volume. As we look ahead, we anticipate a solid finish to the fiscal year in this segment, driven by our Canadian Natural Food business and the addition of the Sara Lee's North American foodservice hot beverage business.  I will now turn the call over to Mark to discuss our consolidated results and more importantly, the outlook for the year.
Mark R. Belgya: Thank you, Vince. Our net sales increased $155 million, reflecting a 16% impact of net price realization, offset somewhat by the 10% volume decline. Acquisition debt at $60 million or another 5%, and sales mix was modestly favorable. GAAP earnings per share were $1.03 this quarter and $1.11 in the third quarter of last year, including restructuring and merger integration costs. Excluding these special project costs, earnings per share were $1.22 this quarter and $1.27 in last year's third quarter, a decrease of 4%. The impact of one-month ownership of the Sara Lee business was immaterial as expected. As a reminder, last year's results included $0.10 per share of impairment associated with certain assets at the previously owned Europe's Best business.  SG&A expenses once again increased at a lesser rate than sales, up only 5% for the quarter. Total marketing expense was 4% above last year. Expenses associated with Rowland Coffee and the Sara Lee business were the primary drivers of the increase. The effective income tax rate was 34.1% in the third quarter compared to 32.6% in the prior year. We expect the fourth quarter and full year effective tax rate of approximately 34%. Turning to cash flow. Our cash from operations set a quarterly record, increasing $409 million in the quarter. This was mostly due to a $220 million reduction in working capital, resulting from the completion of the Fall Bake and Holiday season's transaction cycle. Capital expenditures were $61 million in the quarter, bringing the year's total to $197 million. This resulted in free cash flow of $348 million. We are still projecting approximately $270 million in CapEx for this year, which falls within the original range provided earlier this year. Let me now comment on our outlook for the remainder of this fiscal year. As a result of the impact of the third quarter results and an expected continuation of the volume declines in the fourth quarter as compared to the prior year, the company is lowering its net sales estimate and earnings guidance for the year. Net sales for the full year are estimated at slightly above $5.5 billion, up 15% over fiscal 2011. Based on this guidance, our fourth quarter net sales are also expected to increase approximately 15% over last year's fourth quarter and assumes a high single-digit volume decline. Full year non-GAAP income per diluted share is expected to range from $4.60 to $4.65, down from the company's previous range of $4.90 to $5. As a reminder, the range includes $0.07 loss on the divestiture of the Europe's Best business in the second quarter. The company's estimate reflects an immaterial amount of net earnings contribution from the Sara Lee foodservice acquisition completed last month and the current number of shares outstanding.  I would like to conclude with a few comments related to next year. At this time, we are not in a position to provide guidance for 2013. However, there are a number of factors that we believe will be net positive to next year's EPS. While we expect some uncertainty around volumes for the next couple of quarters, we would expect overall growth in the base business for the coming years. In addition, we expect to benefit from lower cost on coffee and certain other raw materials, a full year's ownership of the Sara Lee foodservice business, above-average growth of the Rowland brands and K-Cups, additional savings from our supply chain projects, notably in coffee in Canada, and any future share repurchase activity. We would expect these items to contribute enough to more than offset anticipated headwinds, including higher peanut and sugar cost, the impact of a full year's interest expense related to last year's October's public debt issuance and higher pension cost. We will, of course, provide 2013 guidance in more details around each of these when we release year-end results in June.  With that, we would like to open our call to your questions. Operator, if you would please queue up for the first call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess it's just a bit surprising to see the company mentioned last quarter that it had gained share across 80% of its business whereas this quarter, that obviously was flipped on its head. And I guess we all know that the volume weakness across the industry is problematic, but why do you think the company was so -- I guess, was caught so flat-footed versus competition in the last couple of months? And then obviously, I have a follow-up.
Vincent C. Byrd: Eric, this is Vince. Let me start again by -- and then, I'll turn it over to the Presidents. I think we were very optimistic going into the quarter because we knew that we had very good merchandising plans put into place. And although, as we said in our formal remarks, we anticipated that there would be some volume decline, certainly, we did not expect it to be at the levels that end up occurring. And again, that was primarily driven by our price points. We performed better than our elasticity models had indicated, and we also performed better than our #1 branded competitor in most of our categories during the period. But to be very honest, we started to see the tail-off in the last 4 to 5 weeks when we had some visibility to some share information, some inventories with our VMI customers, and so that, in fact, was a signal that the sell-through during the holiday period wasn't where we had hoped that it would be. You also are very rare of how much the consumer industry down or the CPG industry is down, but you have to keep in mind that our pricing actions were nearly 2.5x that of the overall industry. And then lastly, as I mentioned quite frankly, although we have experienced inventory reductions by some major competitors, previously, it far exceeded what we've experienced over the last couple of years or ever. And so I guess, I would stop there and say that's the primary reasons overall.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, this is Richard. I would also say that our volume was down in the 10%, but our units were down 8% because there was a shift in terms of sizes. People bought smaller sizes because of the price points. It's a little bit of sticker shock on some of our promoted prices versus last year. And so I think the consumer needs to adjust to those.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Do any of the operating heads want to comment? Or shall I just do on a follow-up?
Vincent C. Byrd: Just do a follow-up, and we'll take it -- we'll answer specifics, Eric.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Well, I guess obviously, somewhat related to the first question, market share is one of the most expensive things to lose and therefore, one of the most expensive things to recover. It sounds like you're saying that your market share performance wasn't too bad in the quarter, and then other players suffered even more. That's hard to believe, but I guess we'll see as some of the players report results in the next couple of weeks. But can you give any kind of sense as to how much of the commodity rollover you feel like you're going to have to put back into the market to, let's say, stabilize share, let alone keep your -- or keep your market shares flat to up?
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes. So I think, Eric, if you look at our share overall, I mean, again, we are in pretty good shape. And again, if you compare that to our #1 competitor, when you roll it up across all the categories, during that 12-week period, we significantly outperformed them. Obviously, we know, I think, the crux of the issue is at the price points. And as we see some moderation of some of our key commodities, we know that there are thresholds that we need to get back to, and that's why we feel confident going into the future periods with the moderation of the commodities that will allow us to drive down some price points to where they need to be. So overall, our share remains pretty solid. We were down more than the category. If you look at units, there's no question. But again, we significantly outperformed our #1 branded competitors.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So obviously, the elasticities had been just surprisingly good before this, so I think everybody is just trying to get a sense of whether this is kind of a new norm. And obviously, you don't think it is. But just to kind of help clarify some of your comments, can you help us understand how much you think that the retailer inventory destocking affected the quarter specifically? And then also, what leads you to think that the peanut butter was more reflective of pantry loading being more aggressive than you thought as opposed to this category maybe being just a bit more elastic to very high price increases like we've seen?
Vincent C. Byrd: That first part of your question, the answer is we believe it was between 1% and 2% volume for the entire quarter was affected by the inventory reduction. And Paul will take the peanut butter.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Paul here. On the peanut butter side, obviously, we -- as the volume was down more than we are anticipating, we did have the higher price increase go into effect in November. We had some pantry loading that occurred more than we anticipated in October, and that was really driven by the media attention that was going on that time on the peanut crop and the overall potential for peanut shortages, et cetera. And so as the consumers lower their pantry, we would expect to see some of that come back at the later -- latter part of the quarter. And we haven't seen that come back yet, and I think part of that is driven by the fact that the full price increase went into effect January 1. So there is some of that sticker shock that still exists.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just, my follow-up on -- in terms of the sell-through, some of your peers have been putting up numbers that are better than what the kind of the measured data would suggest and would indicate that the gap between the non-measured and the measured channels is kind of widening. Do you -- your numbers don't really suggest that, that is relevant to your business, and I'm wondering if -- how you're viewing the non-measured channels in the last quarter and going forward?
Vincent C. Byrd: Well, typically, we over-index in non-measured channels, to be honest with you, so given that our business was soft, it was soft in some of the non-measured channels.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just wanted to follow-up on the coffee. You made some comments here on the forward forecast in terms of your expectations that things get better. But perhaps, I just like to hear your thought process on -- as green coffee prices decline and they're already down significantly from their prior peaks earlier in '11, and as volumes in the category are weak, do you anticipate an orderly decline in retail prices across the category? Or if I say this a little differently, why shouldn't we expect some of your competitors to pressure your business with aggressive coffee price reductions?
Mark T. Smucker: This is Mark. First of all, I think we do expect that coffee prices we have seen, except in the last few days, have been relatively consistently declining. And although we won't comment specifically on our position, we do view that we will continue to look at targeted spend in certain segments of the category and would anticipate that we would likely be able to take a measured decline in the beginning of our next fiscal year. We would assume, based on some of the information that we have, that our competitors would be in a similar situation, but we will keep an eye on that, and we will respond accordingly.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then 2 brief follow-ups, just the -- on coffee, the year ago, Mark, can you remind me -- in the year-ago period, you had a gain, I believe, on your green coffee costs? How big was that gain because I think Vince said in the prepared script, he reiterated the comment that the year-ago period was like the best coffee profits in company history. How much of it was just like a one-time gain on green coffee positions? And then final point, I don't know who want to take this one, but you didn't make any comments on weather. And as regards coffee, I would think -- I'm a little surprised that you didn't, perhaps, because it's one of the warmest on record. Maybe just give me some thoughts on that, if you will.
Mark R. Belgya: It's Mark Belgya. In terms of your first question, you're right, we did recognize the benefit of that, but if you would go back and check the transcript, we did not disclose that. We typically don't quantify that kind of a benefit to the plus or to the negative, but it’s clearly contributed to the strong quarter last year in coffee.
Richard K. Smucker: David, this is Richard. I would like to blame it on the weather, but I can't really say that, that is a factor. We really don't know. It may have some impact on it, but we really don't have a way to measure that from year to year so -- although it may have had some small impact.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: But do you think the impact would be small? I mean, other companies, we've seen fairly massive impacts because of the weather. So -- I don't know, I'm somewhat tempted to say that this is somewhat significantly a weather-related issue, but I don't know. I'll leave it there.
Vincent C. Byrd: Well, David, I think it is fair to say that some of our Southern customers' volume has been affected because of weather patterns. Snowbirds haven't gone south. Some of the more comfort foods are not being consumed. But as Richard indicated, maybe it is a material impact, but we just did not believe that, that's the issue that faces us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I just wanted to pick up a little bit on Ed's question on the channel -- the alternative channels. And really, I'm thinking more about the emerging channels not specifically Walmart, the dollar stores and so on. First of all, in terms of the weakness in measured channel volumes, do you have any view as to what's causing that? Is it the restaurant sector picking up? Is it this channel mix shift that's the primary driver there? And specifically, how are you addressing this channel shift with the dollar store opportunities, particularly, given that you are so heavily dependent on the Walmart side of things.
Mark T. Smucker: Alexia, this is Mark Smucker. I'll start with the general comment on just the total non-measured channels. If you aggregate in coffee our total business, our share performance in coffee is slightly better than you would see in the measured channels. And particularly, dollar has been strong. And in other areas of mass, besides Wal-Mart, we've had some strong results as well. So I think your assessment is fair.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And in terms of your dollar store strategy, is that something that you're very focused on now? Is that something that you're pushing?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Alexia, this is Paul. And yes, a dollar store, obviously, is an important part of our mix, and we continue to look at different products that would fit that channel, and we'll continue to do so as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Any sense why the baking mix performance was so much stronger than the others, even though it had a sizable price increase? What might be a -- of particular note there?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes. Hi, Chuck, this is Paul. A couple things happened in baking. First off is we had a great -- a lineup of new seasonal items and new products that launched and did very well during that time period. We had great displays with our key retailers. There were more bake-centers than there were last year. So those are some of the key reasons. In addition, from a pricing perspective, we really didn't take price on cake, and cake was a key contributor to some of the growth in the category.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: So it was mostly in flour, price increases?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: We had flour. We had frosting. We had some of our other flanker items on the baking side of the business that we did take the price up anywhere from 4% to 20%, depending on what product line we're talking about. We had a very good quarter in baking.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Looking at private label, the share loss you saw to that broad competitor, was it concentrated among various retailers? Or was there a mass consumer run towards private label?
Mark T. Smucker: Yes, well, it varies by category, but the primary driver was one major retailer on oils and coffee. But I mean, if you look at it across maybe an all-outlook view, clearly, there was some private label growth during the 12-week period. But it was primarily affected in the 2 categories I referenced, so coffee and base oils.
Richard K. Smucker: And specific to 1 or 2 customers.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I'm just -- I guess, I want to explore a little bit if you're generally pleased with sort of the overall process of the pricing protocols that you use in coffee. I ask because I know a couple of quarters ago, you talked about a -- beginning sort of a price decline in process in coffee, and yet we have had a couple of quarters still where [indiscernible] costs have been a lot higher. So obviously, there's been a little bit of a mismatch there. And I know at the time, there was a discussion over whether this was just the protocol and being transparent with retailers or if there was some greater concern around volume elasticity and such. And I asked because going forward, the discussion around putting some price back in the way you normally would, it just seems like normally, a category like this lags pricing on the way up and then lags in terms of pricing in reaction to costs coming down on the way down. Different geography and such, but Sara Lee talks about -- in their coffee business about being able to sort of hold on to 70% of the pricing that they've taken. Granted totally different geography, don't even know if that's going to be accurate or not at the end of the day, but you see what I'm getting at, the protocol typically has worked to a certain way, and I want to get a sense of whether -- do you think that's changed? Has that changed in this most recent round? Or has it just been at the extremes of costs have just been sort of anomalous, if you will? And then I got a quick follow-up.
Mark T. Smucker: Andrew, this is Mark again. I -- your assessment, I think, is right on. I can let Steve speak to the foodservice coffee side because that is a different channel. But you are absolutely correct that there is a lag. We do try to be transparent where we can, and given the moderation of the costs -- I mean, if you just look at the trend line over the last several months, it has been moderating, but it's been moderating slowly. So that's the reason for our comment that we will look at specific segments and possibly look at some targeted spend, but a broader price increase would be likely as we get through the continued higher costs and into the beginning of the fiscal year.
Steven T. Oakland: And then I'd like to speak to the -- our experience, just so far with Sara Lee, obviously, it's only been a short period of time. But foodservice coffee is very different in that we don't have key promotion price periods like you do in retail. We don't have a Thanksgiving ad, we don't have an Easter ad, so it gives you a lot more flexibility in pricing versus the market, pricing versus competitors. So we're -- and it allows your coverage strategy to be very different. You can coverage -- you can cover for the lowest-cost product rather than cover to protect key promotional time periods. So we got a lot of learning from Sara Lee on that, and our team is all over it. So the dynamics will be different in foodservice.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Thanks. And then as a follow-up, I -- Richard, I know that you guys went through a lot of the discrete things that impacted sort of volume in the quarter, whether it be retailers destocking and obviously, consumers adjusting to higher price points and things of that nature. Even aside from all that, we have seen, obviously, some pretty weak industry data from a volume perspective. And in asking a lot of the various companies that have reported and what have you, it still seems like there's a lack of either understanding of what's made it so weak or the -- and definitely, the feeling that as long as consumers are still eating, which -- best I can tell, that's the case, that there's this general hope and expectation that volumes will rebound some as we go into the ensuing quarters just because it sort of has to. But do you have any better understanding of what's gone on in the data in the last couple of months? I know it's maybe hard to get at, but I want to make sure to ask you if you had a better read on that because have not gotten a really great handle -- or a lot of the food companies don't seem to yet have gotten a great handle on it in terms of being able to explain it.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, I am not sure I'm going to give you an insight that is a eureka, but just from...
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Trying to put the pressure on you in a way.
Richard K. Smucker: But some of the information that we have, basically, as you know, food commodity costs have been up in the last couple of years, greater than historical averages in almost in any period that we've measured, and it's a very tough economic time. We've seen people being willing to spend $0.65 a cup for a K-Cup of coffee, but then they'll -- they're buying private label brands because the price is best. People on food stamps have gone from 25 million 4 years ago to 48 million today. So I think there's a little bit of industry sticker shock on -- across the industry, but I think I relate it a little bit to the fuel in terms of gasoline. When gas prices went to $4 a gallon, everybody stopped driving for a while until they got used to the fact that the new norm was $3.50 to $4, and then they started driving again. I think it's taking the consumer a little while to adjust to this and -- across the industry. And I think this new inflation rate will be there for some time, and the consumer will adjust. That being said, some specific data that we have seen is that the average grocery shopping cart this year is $11 more than it was last year for their average shopping cart, and the consumers putting about 10 items less in their shopping cart because they can't afford to put more than that in, in terms of -- because of the inflation rate. So I think it's something that we're going to -- all as an industry have to adjust to over the next couple of months. And -- but I think the consumer will adjust.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scott Mushkin with Jefferies & Company.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I kind of want to poke back at this volume, and I know you've shared on the coffee side 1% to 2% inventory reductions. But if I go back to the summer and last spring when prices were going up, and you guys were surprised how the elasticity was much better on coffee, and I think we commented at the time that we've been with retailers that said and basically showed me their coffee stash of Folgers ground. Now we're seeing to be -- even though the price that we track at retail, which I know is not necessarily an official number, but been stuck here at -- for the small one-pound equivalent Folgers is about the same price as about July. Now we're seeing with the green coffee costs coming down, all of a sudden volume is being much more challenged. I mean, how much of this is just a cyclical nature of this business that maybe you guys are just underestimating a little bit? Maybe you can respond to that.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes this is Mark Smucker. I think that the couple of comments in the period I think you're referring to is, in many cases, the coffee increases may not have been fully reflected at that point. And I would say, we believe that it is less a cyclical issue than it is, a, they hadn't been fully implemented, and b, and probably most importantly, we have now crossed certain pricing thresholds that the consume -- back to the sticker shock comment that the consumer is simply not willing to pay or perhaps, if they're trading down. And in some cases, they may even be using their coffee more conservatively. In other words, brewing a smaller pot or brewing weaker coffee, what have you. We think those are probably what's driving the trends.
Scott Andrew Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, I mean, just from our data, it looks like those thresholds are passed in early summer last year. And if anything, with the employment improving, it's kind of the comments you get used to things over time, it seems like consumers will be used to some of these prices 6, 7, 8 months later. Okay, so that's good. I also had a -- so that's more of a cyclical issue. My next question has to do with kind of more of the secular nature of things in 2 of your core categories, peanut butter and coffee. Obviously, we've had new entrants into the peanut butter category. And now in a lot of stores, you see 4 brands plus a private label. So I wanted to understand how much you think that's going be a problem going forward. And then also on the coffee side of the business, K-Cups have obviously been a good growth vehicle for you, but we've also seen Green Mountain get pretty aggressive at least on retail price dropping their coffee price to the -- the K-Cups to your Folgers price. And I was wondering if you think, and especially with the entrance now of Starbucks, we should expect any kind of slowdown in your K-Cup business?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Hey, Scott, this is Paul. Regarding the peanut butter comments, we have seen some competitors come into the category. I would say that while they are still doing pretty well, they're not -- we're not losing a whole lot of share to them at this point, and we wouldn’t anticipate that actually going forward. So -- but we are watching very closely and, clearly, they are taking share from other players.
Mark T. Smucker: And then, Scott, this is Mark again. On K-Cups, we're still very optimistic, number one. And then we don't think over time it's going to continue to grow at the rates that it has grown. But we have not seen a slowdown in our growth based on anything that either one of our competitors are doing. I think on the Starbucks side, it's still very early. They've done a very nice job of getting distribution, but we have not seen any significant impact to our business. And so the bottom line would be that we would continue to see that we are all collectively growing the pie, and that we would continue to see growth in the category.
Richard K. Smucker: Scott, this is Richard. Going back to your original question and your assumption that the adjustments on pricing in the categories does -- would've -- you would've seen that maybe in the fall or the last summer, you have to remember that a lot of our promoted items are -- we're big in Fall Bake. We have a very good Fall Bake in most of our categories. And this is the first time, at least since a year ago, that people have seen these new promoted price points, which were substantially higher than last year. So because of primarily peanut butter and coffee, which are 60% of our business, which had the big price increases, that wasn't seen in our categories until this Fall Bake period.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Focusing on coffee, you had taken a 6% price decline coming into the Fall Bake season to get your pricing aligned for the fall promotions. Usually, the Fall Bake is a time for branded players to really shine. So we're really surprised that private label took some of your volume. Could you just discuss the competitive activity that's going on in the coffee category? You've had new entrants with Starbucks now being an independent force in this category. And private label seemed to play a bigger role in a Fall Bake season. Could you just discuss how you view the dynamics going forward in that category?
Mark T. Smucker: Sure, Farha. It's Mark again. I guess I would just start by reminding you that our cost is still -- in terms of absolute pricing, we're still up in the high 20%, 25% to 30% range versus the prior year. So although we did take a price decline, it may not have been quite enough in this particular case. But having said that, we did have good, again, promotional activity. I really think it comes back to the absolute price in both on a promoted and un-promoted basis and managing the gaps that we have both on the lower end of the category, as well as the premium segment. And so where we did do a good job managing those gaps, for example, Dunkin', we've seen growth. And on the lower end of the category, the same comment would hold true. The fact that we're participating in every segment of the category has been very good for us, and so although it hasn't entirely offset, it clearly has not offset the declines in the mainstream segment, we're doing the right things in both the opening price point and the premium end of the segment.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And the core, is there anything different you're going to do to address kind of the weakness in the core going forward, aside from just increasing promotional activity in the near term?
Mark T. Smucker: I think it goes back to the comments I've made, I guess, a couple of times earlier on the call, just targeting specific segments and then, as costs continue to moderate, dealing with that from a pricing standpoint more broadly.
Vincent C. Byrd: And Farha, this is Vince. I would add, again, we are pulling all levers to take a look at what actions that we can take, including our supply chain initiatives, particularly in coffee, are coming to realizations this next year. So there's a lot of activity going on to help drive the core Red Can business. We are going to continue to invest in it.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one quick follow-up. I know you're, right now as an organization, dealing with commodity and pricing and promotions, but in terms of M&A, particularly international M&A, could you just comment on any progress there?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Well, there's been progress. As we've said, we've looked at China as a possible investment area, and some of our key teams made several trips over there. And we have several irons in the fire and nothing to report yet, but we're getting much closer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: There seems to be a consensus opinion in my read that 2012 maybe won't see a return across the food industry to the heavy promotional trends of a couple years back that didn't really work. But I'm starting to wonder if this isn't a bit optimistic, and I'm hoping to get your thoughts there because we're seeing some deeper-than-expected promotions in your categories, as you mentioned. And we've now heard at least 4 food companies in the last month talk about challenging volumes, right? So if volumes are poor, and competitive activities are increasing, why would we not anticipate a return to some of the maybe less rational categories across the board? Right? Just so companies can make sure that their product actually gets sold. I'm more curious about your thoughts across all of food and any insights you can provide to your own categories as well, but just hoping to get some color there.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, this is Richard. A couple of things. We look at -- obviously, we're concentrated on our categories, and we still think the fact that we have the leadership position in most of the categories that we're in, we're still going to take a responsible position in terms of how we price and how we promote. What that usually -- happens is that you might suffer a quarter or 2 because you haven't dealt down to a level that is unprofitable or doesn't build the category. But I think, at least from my colleagues that I know in the industry have recognized that, historically, that if they do over-promote, that's a short-term fix. And the industry's -- at least the leadership that I've seen in the industry has taken a position that brand building is the best thing for the industry. And I guess I'm optimistic that you won't see an across-the-board race to the bottom. I think they're very brand-oriented, and I think we're going to continue to see responsible management of those brands. And we're going to do our part to do that.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then your marketing spending was down this quarter by a healthy amount as a percent of sales. I realize this was expected. But how much of a problem was this, in your view, in terms of driving units lower than maybe what you anticipated? And how much do you think it needs to go up next year? I know you talked about some negatives and positive next year, but I don't think you mentioned marketing, unless I didn't happen to hear it.
Mark R. Belgya: Hey, Ken, this is Mark Belgya. Just to clarify, you're right, as a percent of sales, it was down, but it was actually up 4% for the company in terms of dollars. I think we've been pretty consistent throughout the year when we talked about marketing spend that -- because of the inflationary impact with the items, the top line we would not expect to keep a percent of sales. But the key point is that the marketing spend this year we feel is at a level that clearly allows us to do what is necessary for each of our brands, and the level this year is pretty consistent to last. And I don't think we would necessarily -- certainly wouldn't see a decrease in that. We’ll have more to talk about later this summer when we get the specifics, but we -- the lack of marketing wasn't the issue. I mean, we had quality advertising on air during the period, have had that throughout the year. A lot around social media, we've been able to increase the percent of our marketing dollars sold on that. So just looking around the team, they certainly can add, I think, that most would say we're quite comfortable with the spend levels.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: The first one is for Vince. Just on the partnership with Green Mountain on Vue, can you just help us -- walk us through your thought process on how that came about and most importantly, why now? So I believe there is some other brands, larger brands, that had the -- like you, had the option to wait and have decided to wait for a little while. So why now? And what makes you so optimistic about Vue? And do you think it's going to be incremental to the current generation K-Cup business that you have?
Vincent C. Byrd: Sure. Well, first of all, we've had an outstanding relationship with Green Mountain Coffee Roasters that we entered into a couple of years ago. And if you have followed them and their strategy, obviously, its -- this new technology or new platform is providing an additional benefit to the consumer relative to buys of brew, temperature control and a number of offerings that are within it. As we had said from really the day that we acquired the business, we knew that we needed to participate in the single-serve area, and we did an extensive review at that time and decided to partner fortunately. And we're -- clearly, I think we're riding the right horse, so to speak, partnering with Green Mountain. So why do we think it's good? We think that if you look at the others in the industry that have not been successful, buying some very large coffee companies, clearly, Green Mountain is the one that is the apparent winner. And so again, we're very excited about the existing relationship and what this relationship means for us long-term on the new platform.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: But just a follow-up on that, so -- but why now? I mean, I'm just -- we don't know the exact details of when these conversations start and end, but Starbucks, for example, have yet to sign up, and so has Dunkin'. It was good to see -- I think, it's the right decision for you to sign up because I do believe it's a good system, but I'm just trying to understand from your perspective, why did you think now was the right time to get into that system?
Mark T. Smucker: Akshay, this is Mark. It really comes down to the fact that there's a leader, and we're the leading coffee brand as well. And we think that the partnership between the leading platform and the leading branded coffee manufacturer is a win-win, so I think that's the reason.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just another one on coffee in general, more longer term, and really what I'm trying to get at here is, long term, you don't think fundamentally there's any major shifts in consumer behaviors. I think that's what I hear, so I'm trying to address that. So the question is, you said the issues that related to volume in the quarter were primarily, in your opinion, related to the price point on your Red Can business. And so one, am I -- do I understand that correctly? And if I do, why is the price point -- the absolute price point so important in that category and not as important, I guess, in K-Cups and your lower-level value brands? Is it just a function of the value of the brand itself and how much you're spending behind it and perhaps, you need to spend more on it? Or -- I'm just trying to understand why has the absolute price point seemingly impacted your core business more so than the high and the bottom end.
Mark T. Smucker: Akshay, I think you're correct in your assessment of just the Red Can business. It is, we believe, absolute price points, and when you start to -- in the mainstream segment, you start to look at prices that get over $10, that seems to be the place where consumers become more conservative. I -- we would be hopeful that as prices come down, you would -- and I think we've seen this in the past, consumers will migrate back to that more premium segment. So for example, we're seeing consumers now either buy our opening price point, our private label or our smaller can of the same product, and so we would hope to see, as prices come back down below that double-digit number on a consistent basis, that there would be a shift back to that mainstream category.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And what happens if coffee prices, longer term, are on an upward trend? Does that just mean that you need to innovate a bit more in the Red Can business maybe to smaller items with lower price points? Or [indiscernible] kind of come…
Mark T. Smucker: Yes. I think if coffee prices go back to where they had been and stay there for a significant amount of time, you're going to see higher prices across every segment of the coffee category. And if that's sustained, the expectation will be that the consumer would, over time, adjust to that. Now the only -- the -- very quickly, the last comment I would make is we're still very focused on innovation. And we've got a lot of things in the hopper. We've over-delivered on our own objectives in terms of new products in multiple segments of the coffee category. So clearly, that mainstream core Red Can business is important as it's the key area, but there's so many other pieces of innovation going on that we expect that we will continue to see significant growth from new products as well.
Akshay S. Jagdale - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And just one last one. So with coffee prices where they are and knowing the complexity of your portfolio, do you think you can adjust the price point on the Red Can business and still, longer term, be at profitability levels in terms of percentage margins that we've seen historically in that business?
Mark T. Smucker: Absolutely.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I know you're running late, so I'll try to keep it brief. A couple of your comments left me a little confused, and maybe I misheard them, so correct me if I'm wrong, but I think I heard you mentioned that in unmeasured channels, beyond sort of the FDMW stuff we're able to track, your market share was better. But earlier on, you had said that volume was worse or maybe equally bad there. That seems very inconsistent with what we're seeing and hearing out of channels like club and dollar. So can you help me understand that?
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes, sure. Let me get maybe one layer down. Mark Smucker indicated earlier when you look at like the dollar channel, we are doing very well in those channels at this point, primarily driven by coffee. If you look at the club channels, specifically, due to some pricing that occurred on our peanut butter this past year, we did lose a significant portion of a major club customers, and so that has affected our second, third and the future quarters. If you look at another major retailer that we spoke to earlier, that customer being a disproportionate amount of our business, we have been challenged. So that's, I hoped, to clarify the -- maybe the conflicting remarks or the conflicting interpretation there.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So it sounds like you lost share in unmeasured channels?
Vincent C. Byrd: Well again, net-net, if you roll it all up, that could be a fair statement primarily because of the peanut butter and the major customer.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the last question, and I'll pass it on. Inventory levels, you mentioned that retailers worked it down last quarter. They worked it down again this quarter. I'm sure they're all looking at the same coffee cost curve. We are and they're hearing your remarks about the potential price rollback in fiscal '13, so 2 parts for that: a, do you expect inventory levels to every -- in the channel to go even lower this quarter? And b, do you think they're unsustainably low and that we could actually get a boost in fiscal '13 once prices sort of stabilize?
Vincent C. Byrd: I'm not sure that they could go much lower, to be honest with you, so we would hope that they would stabilize.
Richard K. Smucker: We've actually seen a little bounce back after the end of the quarter, where they reduced a lot right at the end of the quarter, and we've seen some sales in early February being better.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I'll also try to be brief here. My first question is a bit of a follow-up to earlier questions. But I guess I'm not clear on -- is the company changing the strategy in any way around or in reaction to this weakness in volume be it the way you treat new products or package sizes? Does it require that kind of change from the company in categories like coffee to better compete going forward?
Richard K. Smucker: In generally, no. But we certainly do look for special price points. Our opening price point coffee is one where we push extra hard because we know it was a value to the consumer. But in generally, our strategy remains the same.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So there'll be no change the way new products in the future will be? Would -- that is going to be more value-oriented, if you will?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Well, Chris, this is Paul, and I think if we look at our categories in the Consumer Foods side of the business, we always look at the different sizes, certain size, meet the need of the consumer better today than other days. And so we will continue to look at that when we launch new products.
Mark R. Belgya: Hey, Chris, this Mark Belgya. Just one quick add on that though. Just -- because I think I know your where your line of questioning is going. This isn't going to take us time and a lot of investment to do that. I mean, if you look across our brands and our categories, we have a variety of brand sizes to get -- whether you're focused on per-ounce servings or whatever that the consumer is focusing on, so this isn't going be a major shift requiring a lot of investment and time from the management team and team overall, that we just -- we'll just look at our current portfolio and adjust to quarter and take the course from that.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful, Mark. And then I guess back to you, Mark. A question just around debt paydown, given the strong working capital improvement that occurred sequentially versus say share repurchase, where you've got a lot of capacity. Obviously, the stock looks like it's under a little pressure today. Is there a preference either way here in the short run for the company?
Mark R. Belgya: Well, in terms of the paydown, to be quite honest with you, of our long-term debt, that’s not public, the private placements we've had, there really isn't a lot maturing over the next 3 to 4 years. I think it's about $300 million over the next 5 years. And there's fairly substantial prepayments that, economically, it does not make sense. Now we did take advantage to pay down our revolver during the quarter, right at the end of the second quarter I guess it was. So that's the completely opened $1 billion revolver. But I don't think you'll see us really move any cash to pay down any of the debt in the near term.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So it seems that we've opened a lot of opportunity for share repurchase then in the short run.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, we've got a liquidity-check on our strategy, whether it's growth for the company or return back to the shareholder.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I’ll keep mine quick too. Just a quick follow-up from the questions on cash. I mean, just to -- the point it seems like GAAP net income was down 11%, CFO was still up 9%. Beginning of the year, you got the $450 million in free cash flow. Obviously, what's going to be viewed today is the drop-off in volume, but at least from what I'm seeing so far, I mean, it doesn't look like we should expect that $450 million free cash flow projection to be changing for year end. Is that right?
Mark R. Belgya: Well, it would change a little bit, it would decreased a little bit because of -- I mean, [indiscernible] EPS effect. But I'll tell you, we still think that it's within shouting distance. We lost about $35 million if you just equate cash to the income, but we still think $450 million is possible. We also generated a lot of cash from working capital improvements this past quarter. Our teams are focused on that as well. So for now, I would say it's probably $400 million to $450 million, and we're still hopeful to get to the high end of that.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, great. And then as we look into next year, I'm assuming that there's nothing that's changed with respect to your CapEx plan, I mean, such that X percent is coming from special projects.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, there won't be anything significant. The only -- and I wouldn't even say it's overly significant, but it is worth note, is that obviously with the acquisition of Sara Lee business, the capital requirements related to the equipment are a little higher, but we would still not see a significant change in our CapEx spending from what we've talked about in the past for next year.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, perfect. And real quick just on just coffee, I guess just frankly, do you or do you not get a profit mix benefit from K-Cups?
Mark R. Belgya: Oh, K-Cups? We -- the only thing we've commented earlier that it is not dilutive. It's primarily equal to our overall corporate average.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. And then lastly, just kind of, I guess, to round up all of the comments on pricing today on coffee, I guess, the final question that I just have is we -- basically, end of January, we're looking at the same commodity curves that spot coffee actually did lack from the price a year ago. And I'm just curious, if there is a main culprit or more than one culprit who have essentially discounted or raised prices less than you did in the past quarter, then what's the kind of quick answer to why wait to until early fiscal '13? Is there a possibility that we would see pricing coming down actually in Q4?
Mark R. Belgya: Most likely not. But there could be as Mark referred to earlier, some targeted promotional activity. But no, there probably will not be any pricing action in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mitch Pinheiro with Janney Capital Markets.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I'll be quick. Did the Dunkin' K-Cup launch have any impact on your Dunkin' bag business that you can measure?
Mark T. Smucker: No.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. Will Vue be priced -- or I should said say, will your margins be similar to your existing K-Cup business?
Mark T. Smucker: We don't know yet, and that's -- probably have to ask Green Mountain that question.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Will Vue -- will your product in Vue be in grocery only? Will you -- or where is it launched first?
Mark T. Smucker: We'll provide more details on that next week because it's so early in the launch in terms of the test period, et cetera. We're going to -- we'll work with Green Mountain to convey as much information as we can.
Mitchell B. Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then the last question. Just based on what you learned in this quarter, any changes to Easter, spring -- the spring baking season?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes, Mitch, this is Paul. We have actually some pretty good plans in place for Easter. At this stage in the game, we're probably not going to make any major adjustments, but we feel it's in decent shape.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Regarding next year, Mark, the CapEx, you're higher this year because of the -- building of the new plant. Wouldn't CapEx roll off next year pretty significantly? And then also, I don't think you've been that specific on the year-to-year productivity savings that either you're going to get this year versus next. I think you gave like an F '14 or F '15 kind of longer-term target, but perhaps you could kind of touch on those 2 issues.
Mark R. Belgya: We'll be glad to. First of all, in terms of CapEx next year, we definitely will see a decline, probably somewhere in the 20% to 25% reduction from the roughly $270 million we're expecting this year. And a lot of that has to do with the completion of both the projects in New Orleans, as well as here in Orrville. And then in terms of -- I'm sorry, the second part of your question again, Eric?
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, long call. Productivity savings.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, yes, yes, sorry. Yes, in terms of productivity, just to ground the listeners, we did say that we're going to have approximately $70 million in total savings when everything is said and done, and actual will be in full effect in fiscal 2015. The current year, we've got about $25 million of benefit. Obviously, that's been a contributor to trying to offset some of the effect to the commodities. Although we'll be more specific when we talk to you in June, we will see that number go up a little bit next year, and we'll have completed our coffee work in New Orleans. We have completed our Canada pickle and the plants closing there, so we'll get some additional benefits from that. And then the rest will sort of step up as we bring on the lines and ultimately move everything into our new plant here in Orrville and again, just giving the full effect in 2015. So there'll be a little bit above the current $25 million that we had in this year.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And just one last one, I guess, to either Richard or Vince. When some of your competitors announce results in the next couple of weeks, so Kraft, obviously, in Coffee and ConAgra in oils and I suppose Mills, at some point, maybe they'll touch on it next week in bake mixes. I mean, do you really expect them to kind of paint the picture similar to what you're saying in terms of category volumes? I mean, it sounds like you gained share or kept share stable in dollars but lost in volume. So they're going to -- do you think they're going to show, in some of those cases, the opposite, like volumes better and dollar share losses?
Richard K. Smucker: I really don't know what they're going to say. Obviously, it's up to them. But we know what the market said and what it meant to us. I would think they'd be looking at the same data. Before we end the call, I just wanted to thank everybody for your questions. They make us better. I also wanted to emphasize that we remain confident in our strategy, and we're actively addressing the current challenges that we face. We know where it occurred and why, and we're taking the appropriate steps to make the next quarter and next year solid. And we remain confident in our long-term projections. So we look forward to seeing everybody next week at CAGNY, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 1 (888) 203-1112 or 1 (719) 457-0820, with the passcode of 3354217. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2011-11-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Sonal P. Robinson - Director of Corporate Finance, Vice President of Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Richard K. Smucker - Chief Executive officer and Director Mark R. Belgya - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President Steven T. Oakland - President Of International, Foodservice And Natural Foods Mark T. Smucker - President Of Us Retail Coffee And Director Paul Smucker Wagstaff - Director and President of U.S. Retail Consumer Foods Vincent C. Byrd - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Alexis Borden - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mike Otway - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Brian Holland - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sonal P. Robinson: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. On the call with me are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; Vince Byrd, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Belgya Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Steve Oakland, President, International, Foodservice and Natural Foods; Mark Smucker, President, U.S. Retail Coffee; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President, U.S. Retail Consumer Foods. After this brief introduction, I will turn the call over to Richard for opening remarks. Vince will then provide an update on our business segments, and Mark will close with additional comments on our financial results for the quarter and our outlook for the year. We will then open up the call for questions. During the call today, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning forward-looking statements. Let me also remind you that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our website at smuckers.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please contact me or Mark Belgya.  I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Smucker: Thank you, Sonal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call. Let me begin by summarizing some of the key highlights for the quarter.  First, as you have seen in our press release, we achieved sales growth of 18% over the prior year, reaching a record level for the second quarter. Pricing actions taken over the course of the past 12 months to offset significant commodity cost increases resulted in strong net price realization. Also a positive mix of sales, notably increases in peanut butter and K-Cups and the recently acquired Rowland Coffee business also contributed to sales growth. Volume, while down 1% from last year's second quarter, showed growth in a number of categories and improved sequentially from the first quarter.  As in previous quarters, innovation was a key driver of growth as new products contributed significantly to the top line gains. Incremental K-Cup sales for the quarter were $30 million, providing 2 percentage points of the sales increase. Sales of Folgers and Millstone branded K-Cups, which marked their first anniversary during the quarter, now exceed $100 million on an annual basis, and we expect continued growth in this area. Seasonal baking and coffee items also performed exceptionally well.  Second, the quarter's cost of goods sold hit the expected peak in our overall commodity cost curve for the fiscal year. And although total costs of goods sold were up approximately $230 million or 30%, our gross profit increased for the quarter. Finally, non-GAAP earnings per share for the quarter were $1.29, down 9% from last year. Included in our results is the onetime loss of approximately $0.07 per share related to the divestiture of the Europe's Best business in Canada. Based on our desire to focus on categories that are more strategic to Canada's portfolio and prioritize resources to capitalize on key opportunities, we made the decision to exit this business. Results for the second quarter were also impacted by a higher effective tax rate compared to the prior year. Apparently, we are in the midst of our important Fall Bake and Holiday promotional period. Our team has excellent consumer and merchandising programs in place. We have seen an increase in the number of retail bake centers and in the number of Smucker items included on these bake centers. This is supplemented with the strong consumer marketing program including our multi-brand event that we launched earlier this month, as well as TV, print and digital advertising.  We feel good about our initiatives. And while we recognize that consumer takeaway will ultimately determine the success of our Fall Bake, we believe our business is very well positioned. Higher food prices have resulted in market data that shows consumers have decreased home pantry inventory levels across many categories throughout the food industry. This IRI data also shows the number of Smucker products in the pantries has actually increased and thus, represents a larger portion of total items. Looking ahead, we are comforted that most commodity costs appear to have peaked in early fall and have retreated modestly in the past couple of months. As such, we believe our price-to-cost position is in good shape. Thus, the need for most price increases is behind us as we head into the remainder of the fiscal year. Looking at the full year, we are revising our guidance range for non-GAAP income per diluted share to $4.90 to $5 a share. While this is down from our original estimate, most of the adjustment reflects the onetime loss associated with the Europe's Best sale and incremental interest expense related to our recent $750 million public note offering. Although we are operating in a challenging environment, we remain confident in our long-term position as our team continues to focus on balancing volume, market share and profitability. Let me conclude by briefly commenting on last month's announcement regarding our plans to acquire the majority of Sara Lee's North American foodservice coffee business. We're extremely excited about this transaction as it encompasses our definition of all 3 classes of acquisitions that we have spoken about in the past.  First, it is enabling as it allows us to participate in the liquid coffee business, aligning with our desire to compete in all forms of coffee. Second, the acquisition transforms our foodservice business by adding significant scale and nearly doubling its net sales. By providing liquid Coffee technologies and adding a direct sales force to our team, it allows us to extend our reach within the foodservice coffee channels. Third, it bolts on nicely to our existing North American coffee business and expands our overall coffee footprint.  In addition to all of these benefits, it provides a unique opportunity to establish a multi-year innovation partnership with Sara Lee's new CoffeeCo that will allow us to collaborate on new technologies in the liquid coffee category for the foodservice market. True to form, our teams are actively working on steps necessary to close the transaction and seamlessly integrate it into our existing businesses. We expect the transaction to close in January and look forward to welcoming nearly 450 employees to the Smucker family.  With that, I'll now turn the call over to Vince for additional details on our businesses and our brands.
Vincent C. Byrd: Thank you, Richard, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin by reinforcing that our team is successfully managing through this dynamic cost and pricing environment, and we believe our efforts to balance growing share, volume and profit continue to position us for the long term. Turning to the segment results for the quarter. Net sales increased 29% for the U.S. Retail Coffee segment, primarily driven by price increases and strong contributions from innovation and acquisitions. Incremental K-Cup sales provided 6 percentage points of the sales growth, including the 2 new K-Cup varieties launched earlier this year. In addition, our Dunkin' Donuts seasonal items continue to perform exceptionally well, and our new filter packs and instant single-serve packets have been well received by consumers. The recently acquired Rowland Coffee brand also contributed 6 percentage points of the sales growth, and we remain excited about the opportunity to expand the Cafe Bustelo and Cafe Pilon brands in Hispanic markets. During the quarter, we achieved a key integration milestone as we successfully completed the transaction of our customer-facing and distribution network activities with no interruption to the business. This is a testament to the hard work and dedication of our team. Overall, we are very pleased with this acquisition and its opportunities for continued growth. Coffee segment volume, excluding acquisitions, decreased 4% for the quarter with Folgers and Dunkin' Donuts brands experiencing volume declines of 4% and 3%, respectively, representing an improvement over the first quarter. We are pleased that our Folgers brand has continued to grow market share in the mainstream roasting ground segment in the most recent 12- and 52-week periods.  Coffee segment profit decreased for the quarter as a result of lower volume and the impact of significantly higher green coffee costs, which were more pronounced in the second quarter, as well as an unfavorable $7 million increase in unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on commodity contracts. As expected, the favorable pricing position that benefited the first quarter partially reversed in the second quarter. Looking at the first 2 quarters combined, coffee segment profit was up 7% over the prior year. We continue to expect higher green coffee costs to be recognized for the remainder of the year, although to a lesser extent than the second quarter. The higher cost will be reflected more in the third quarter, moderating in the fourth. Also from a comparison standpoint, keep in mind that the segment profit in last year's third quarter was at an all-time high. Overall, we remain encouraged with our coffee business as we enter the back half of the year and our key promotional periods. Turning now to the U.S. Retail Consumer Food segment. Net sales increased 13%, reflecting significant pricing actions taken across all major categories to offset higher raw material costs along with favorable sales mix. Overall volume was comparable to the prior year. Product innovation also added to the sales growth for the quarter with contributions from our Pillsbury seasonal items, Jif To Go Peanut Butter and Orchard's Finest premium fruit spreads. Segment profit increased 2% from net price realization and favorable sales mix.  Let me now provide some additional commentary on the dynamics within the key categories. Peanut butter volume was up 11%, reflecting contributions from both Jif and our Natural Peanut Butter brands. During the quarter, we resumed promotional activities following a pullback in the first quarter to manage the peanut availability related to the 2010 peanut crop. This, combined with incremental consumer demand in advance of our previously announced November price increase, led to strong results for the quarter.  Jif Natural peanut butter continued its solid performance with significant volume growth in the period. Looking forward, we believe our prudent actions taken to manage challenges related to the 2011 peanut crop have positioned us well. We remain comfortable with our peanut supply heading into the remainder of the fiscal year. Our 30% price increase went into effect this month with the exception of the holiday promotions, which have been price protected. Similar price increases have been taken by all major peanut butter brands. The ultimate level of price elasticity associated with an increase of this magnitude will depend on a number of factors, but we expect the net price realization will fully offset our recognized costs, and our peanut butter outlook for the full year remains positive. Turning to Crisco. Our base oils business was impacted significantly in the quarter by aggressive private label price points at a few key retailers. As a result, volume for the Crisco brand was down 10% in the quarter. While we continue to manage this challenge, which we expect to continue in the near term, we are pleased with the performance of our base oil business at the majority of our customers. Further, our shortening business rebounded to post a slight volume gain in the second quarter.  Finally, volume in our baking category was up for the quarter. Although flour volume was down, baking mixes had yet another strong quarter leading to market share gains. Our baking business continues to be driven by the success of product innovations in the Pillsbury brand, including a number of new seasonal items. Overall, as Richard mentioned, we have in place exceptional quality merchandising programs as we continue through the Fall Bake and Holiday period. For the International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment, excluding the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign exchange, net sales increased 6% with price increases more than offsetting a 3% decline in volume and unfavorable mix. Volume gains were realized in Santa Cruz Organic beverages, Five Roses flours, Bick's pickles, but were offset by declines in nonbranded natural beverages and Folgers Coffee. Excluding the onetime loss on the divestitures of Europe's Best, segment profit was down approximately 2%, reflecting an increase in marketing expense over the prior year.  Before turning the call over to Mark, let me provide a brief update on our restructuring project. Activities continue to progress well and the overall project remains on track, including the expansion of our New Orleans coffee operations and the construction of our new fruit spreads manufacturing facility in Orrville, Ohio. As planned, our Canadian pickle facility will close at the end of this month with the production of these items successfully transitioned to contract manufacturers.  We would like to thank our employees for those efforts and their dedication during the transition. In closing, we remain confident in underlying fundamentals of our business, the strengthening of our brands and our ability to execute.  I'll now turn the call over to Mark to discuss our consolidated results and outlook for the year.
Mark R. Belgya: Thanks, Vince. Consolidated net sales increased $235 million reflecting a 15% impact in net price realization, contributions from the Rowland Coffee brand, favorable sales mix and FX. Volume was down slightly. GAAP earnings per share were $1.12 this quarter and $1.25 in the second quarter of last year, including restructuring and merger and integration costs.  Excluding these special project costs, earnings per share were $1.29 this quarter and $1.38 in last year's second quarter, a decrease of $0.09 or 7%. As Richard noted, results in the current quarter included the $0.07 per share loss on Europe's Best and a higher effective tax rate compared to the prior year. These factors were partially offset by the benefit of a lower share count in the current year.  The cost of goods sold increase of 30% for the quarter was primarily due to higher recognized green coffee, oils and flour costs in the current year. Net price increases taken over the past year largely offset these higher costs resulting in an increase in gross profit of $5 million. Included in the current year's results was a $10 million unfavorable adjustment from unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on derivative contracts compared to a $6 million unfavorable adjustment in the prior year. SG&A expenses increased 6% for the quarter, reflecting higher selling and administrative expenses and the acquisition of Rowland Coffee. Total marketing expense was equal to the prior year. The increase in SG&A expenses and the loss on the Europe's Best divestiture were the primary causes of a $22 million decline in operating income, excluding special project costs. Excluding the loss on Europe's Best, operating income was down 4%.  The effective income tax rate was 34.1% in the second quarter compared to 32.5% in the prior year. The increase is primarily due to a higher Canadian effective tax rate and an increase in state income tax expense. We now anticipate a full year effective tax rate between 33.5% and 34%, consistent with the rates for the first half of the year. Capital expenditures were $68 million in the quarter, bringing the total to $136 million for the first half of the year. This level of spending puts us right on track with our full year expectation of $250 million to $275 million. Free cash flow of approximately $450 million is expected contingent upon our year-end inventory balance and other changes in working capital.  During the quarter, we entered the public debt market for the first time in the company's history issuing $750 million in 10-year notes. The combination of a historically low rate environment, a strong interest in our initial issuance, and a solid investment grade rating allowed us to issue the debt at a favorable 3.5% coupon rate. A portion of the proceeds were used to repay borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. We also anticipate using a portion of the proceeds to fund the expected Sara Lee foodservice beverage acquisition. As a result of the additional debt, we now project full year net interest expense of approximately $80 million. This increase reflects the incremental interest expense and the impact of terminating our interest rate swaps. While we settle the swap and realize a significant net gain, the accounting rules require us to recognize the benefit over the remaining life of the underlying debt.  Lastly, during the quarter, we repurchased approximately 540,000 common shares that remain available under the 10b5-1 plan entered into in March of this year, utilizing nearly $40 million of cash. An additional 2.5 million shares remain available for repurchase under previous board authorization. We will continue to evaluate the appropriate timing to execute any future buybacks.  Let me conclude by updating our outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year. Contributions from the expected Sara Lee foodservice acquisitions are not reflected in this guidance. Based on current estimates, the impact on earnings per share is not expected to be material in the current fiscal year. For the full year, we expect net sales percent growth in the mid-teens, driven primarily by net price realization. We anticipate a year-over-year COGS increase in the low 20% range, excluding the acquisition. Although the second quarter represented a peak in our commodity cost curve, we still expect significantly higher costs in the back half of the year, most notably for green coffee in the third quarter and peanuts in the fourth. While continuing to recover higher cost through pricing actions, this will further pressure gross margin. We are aggressively manage administrative expenses and discretionary spending and expect SD&A to come in below the 10% year-over-year increase included in our original guidance.  We're revising our guidance range for non-GAAP income per diluted share of $4.90 to $5, primarily to reflect the Europe's Best loss and the incremental interest expense. Placement in the range will depend on a number of factors but most significantly on volume in the back of the year, which we expect to be down 2% to 3% from the prior year. We'd also like to point out that we expect to see swings in the performance of our Coffee and consumer food segments over the last 2 quarters. The impact of the higher green coffee costs will negatively impact the U.S. Retail Coffee segment in the third quarter with improvement expected in the fourth. Conversely, Consumer Food should have a very strong third quarter followed by a weaker fourth.  In summary, we achieved record sales in the quarter while successfully managing through the expected high point in our commodity cost curve for the year. We continue to realize strong contributions from our strategic growth drivers of product innovation and acquisitions. We have excellent merchandising programs in place for the holiday period, and we feel confident about the underlying fundamentals of our business as we head into the remainder of our fiscal year.  I would now like to turn the call back to Richard.
Richard K. Smucker: Before we move on to take your questions, I want to discuss one additional item. As you know, product quality and consumer safety have always been a priority for our company, and we take pride in our track record in this area. When we do experience an issue on this front, we always approach it with an abundance of caution for consumers.  Working with the FDA and our retail customers, we have recalled a small quantity of Smucker's 16-ounce Natural Chunky peanut butter due to a quality issue. We are confident that this issue is isolated and identified it as a result of the thorough testing methods that are in place in at all of our manufacturing facilities. We have been successful in retrieving the majority of this product. But as you may have seen, we issued a press release last evening in an effort to further ensure consumer safety.  Our team continues to work diligently to retrieve the remaining product, which is approximately 300 cases, and we thank them for their efforts. We do not expect any material financial impact on the company.  We thank you for your time today and now are happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just some clarifications first up on Mark on what you said. Just to be clear, so your tax rate is a bit higher. So that's a hit to your annual guidance. And the -- sorry, I think you said $80 million of net interest expense over the year, that doesn't include the swap mentioned like $17 million or $18 million, does it?
Mark R. Belgya: No, it doesn't Eric. What it includes is the swap actually is a favorable. It will reduce interest expense, but that will be over the next several years. So it's primarily the impact of the additional debt.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So all right. And then I guess to a, I don't know who will take this, but the difference between the third quarter and the fourth quarter and reversal of what's happening with coffee versus consumer, can you go into that not just from a, I guess, a cost perspective, but is there also a top line relevance to that comment?
Mark R. Belgya: Eric, this is Mark Belgya. I'll just start. In terms of the cost that we've called out, obviously, peanuts in the fourth quarter, but also as the guidance, they want to add to it, but there's really no top line. It's just driven more by the commodity costs of peanuts in the fourth and green coffee in the third.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess nobody else cares to comment?
Mark R. Belgya: I think everyone's in agreement with that.
Operator: We'll go next to Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Richard and Mark and all the others, Vince, what are you judging right now is the consumer tolerance for shelf price increases?
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. And then I'll turn it to Vince. But we have a lot of models that say if you take your prices up as much as we've taken them and had to take them because of commodity price increases, that would have a much significant -- more significant impact on volume than it has. And so my gut feel and my feeling is that we've done a very good job of passing these on and making sure that we're competitive in the marketplace with our competition. So being down 1% in volume for the quarter with the size price increases that we've had to endure, we think is much better than models would show, and I think is benefit to our team for doing what they've been able to do.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes, I really don't have much more to add. I think we're very, very pleased with where our volume is given the pricing actions that we've taken. There are some categories that we mentioned that are being challenged primarily from a competitive standpoint as opposed to a consumer takeaway perspective. So net-net, we feel very, very good at this point.
Charles Edward Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: That's nice. Next question is the competitive activity. What are you seeing there, especially on the private label side and in areas where there's just a shortage of the raw products such as peanuts? Can private label even respond well in that situation?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Chuck, this is Paul. First off, on oils, we are seeing an increase in some private label discounting, and it's primarily at some -- a few retailers, not across the board. And I think other than these key retailers, we're actually doing pretty well in the oils business. So we know it's a challenge. We'll be facing probably for a little bit ongoing, but overall, we feel pretty good about our business there. On the peanut side again, as you know, we feel very good about our peanut supply and our commitment going forward. And I think there is going to be a challenge for other peanut butter producers, but I think in our case, we're going to be in good shape.
Mark T. Smucker: This is Mark Smucker. Just on coffee, I echo Richard's comments, I think very succinct there. I would say just on the private label side, that private label has seen some good growth in the nonmeasured channel. But again, I think where our pricing is and the activities that we have in place, we have been doing a pretty good job of managing the business through that.
Operator: We'll go next to Scott Mushkin with Jefferies & Company.
Mike Otway - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This is actually Mike Otway in for Scott. First question we have was around K-Cups. We've seen Green Mountain K-Cups and Folgers at retail now at the same price, and with Starbucks doing K-Cups and Dunkin' K-Cups available at the franchises, how should we be thinking about all of this vis-à-vis your K-Cup business, as well as your traditional ground coffee business?
Mark T. Smucker: Well, this is Mark Smucker again. First of all, I would say our K-Cup sales continue to outperform our expectations, and we feel that there is tremendous upside continuing in the segment. And frankly, we think that the new entry by Starbucks will actually help grow the category. So we think that long term, it's probably good for the category, and we're very confident that we can continue to grow in that area.
Mike Otway - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then secondly, it sounds like the -- some of the volume growth in peanut butter was due to you guys kind of stepping back in on the promotional side and as well maybe some folks buying ahead of the price increases. Any color on maybe what that split was? And I guess, secondly, do you think you'll be stepping up the promotional level with some of your other brands to try and drive volume?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Yes, Mike. This is Paul. On the peanut butter side, we did experience a little bit of the volume in the second quarter, but we implemented and mandated an allocation process by customer, and that really mitigated a lot of that buying. So we did see some -- a little bit of consumer hoarding, you could say. But it really wasn't that significant, and we'd anticipate some good growth going forward on peanut butter. As far as some of the other brands are concerned, again, we feel going through this fall bake time period, we're well positioned and feel good about where we are.
Operator: We'll hear next from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
Alexis Borden - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is Alexis Borden in for David this morning. We were wondering if you could talk a little bit about the decline in green coffee costs and, specifically, on the effect on the business and specifically focusing on 2 issues. One, a year ago, you guys, if we remember correctly, had gained from -- we believe you had favorable gains from hedges. And two, given that the green cost -- the cost of coffee has gone down, do you feel pressure now to lower prices on coffee?
Mark T. Smucker: This is Mark Smucker, again. Thanks for the question. I think it really goes back to precisely what was in the script. As you know, we experienced very favorable margins in the first quarter, expected our highest costs in the second quarter and fortunately, costs have tapered off more or less as we expected. And we have reflected much of that in our August price increase. So going forward, just to reiterate I think what's been said before, costs will continue to moderate, but they will continue to be higher than last year in the third quarter and begin to continue that tapering effect in the fourth.
Vincent C. Byrd: Yes, I would just add that the pricing action that we took in August, the price decrease is in good position relative to our coffee cost for the balance of the year. And so we would not anticipate any further action at this point.
Alexis Borden - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So even though prices are going down, you're not expecting at this point to lower the price even more?
Vincent C. Byrd: But again, we took that into account in the pricing action we took in August given our position at that time.
Operator: We'll go next to Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So your sales guidance changed a little bit for the full year, but it doesn't sound like your cost outlook really came down. So wondering if you could just tell us, the sales guidance change, is that a reflection of different volume expectations or different levels of pricing?
Mark R. Belgya: This is Mark Belgya. It really was pretty much reflective of the volume. As I've mentioned in my scripted comments, we expect the back half to be pretty close to the first half performance in terms of overall volumes, down 2 to 3 percentage points, but it was really that as opposed to pricing.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And from a category perspective, the volume change versus expectations, where would you -- how would you kind of break that down?
Mark T. Smucker: Well, I think mix will continue to be favorable.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Mix will be favorable. We see some declines on the oil side. Flour, obviously, is probably going to be down. Peanut butter should be up.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And just one quick follow-up question. The back half of the year from an inflation perspective, I know you have higher coffee cost in Q3 and then moderating from there, but then peanuts are kind of the inverse of that. Do you expect your overall inflation levels to be higher in Q3 or Q4, or should they be about the same by quarter?
Mark R. Belgya: I would estimate them to be pretty much in line quarter-to-quarter. I mean, overall I think our COGS, as we said, are going to be 20%. So I mean it could swing a couple percentage points up or down from that.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just wanted to clarify your core operating guidance a bit better. If there were no loss on sale, if there were no mark-to-market charge in gain...
Mark R. Belgya: Excuse me, Ken. This is Mark.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: There were hedging issues, no changes to tax rates, none of that, would you have adjusted your guidance at all?
Mark R. Belgya: Ken, this is Mark Belgya. I'm sorry, but the volume -- we just couldn't hear your question.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is this better?
Mark R. Belgya: A little.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you hear me now?
Mark R. Belgya: Go ahead.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, I'll try again. I'm on the road. I just wanted to clarify your core operating guidance a bit better. If there were no loss on sale, if there were no mark-to-market charges, none of these other gains or hedging issues, and really if your tax rate had come in, in line, would you have adjusted your guidance at all?
Mark R. Belgya: Well, yes, we would have because, again, if you look at between the Europe's Best and the interest, I mean, that's about $0.14 to $0.15 in total. So yes, we would have. And I know that everyone kind of looks at the loss differently, but we felt it was appropriate to reduce our guidance by that $0.07 and then also the interest. So yes, we would have. But our base...
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. But what [indiscernible]...
Mark R. Belgya: If your question is, is our base business still solid and still within original plans, the answer is yes, it is. So those adjustments really -- so our adjustments...
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's my exact question.
Mark R. Belgya: Well, then that's the answer.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and then one more. One of your largest customers said yesterday it was not taking its food retail prices up nearly as quickly as its costs were rising. And then privately, speaking with some of that competitors' -- with that customers' competitors, they said these claims were overstated, that really no retailers were being particularly irrational now, that pricing across all the retailers was not -- and without naming names, of course, have you seen rational retail pricing behavior from all of your primary customers, or are any of them purposefully eating some margin in your opinion to attract more volume? Yes, I guess to me this is important because if retailers are willing to eat more margin, you and your -- and other manufacturers, right, they can take pricing and maybe not experience quite as much elasticity as you might have thought. Just curious how you're seeing that right now.
Vincent C. Byrd: Ken, this is Vince. I think it is fair to say if you look over the past 12 to 18 months when prices were escalating across all manufacturers, that there were some key categories, including some of ours, where pricing was not being fully reflected up or down. And I think that's fair when you even look at their results and in terms of their margin expectations. So I think that is a fair comment. At this particular point, net-net, I think we feel that our pricing is probably where it should be. There are a couple of exceptions to that, but it is a fair comment that your -- your point you're trying to make.
Operator: We'll go next to Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: First, just a modeling question. Mark, you had said that $17 million to $18 million interest rate hits, swap benefit is going to come in the next several years. Could you just give us some color? Is it 3-year, 5-year or 7 years?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, Farha, it's actually attributed to 2 underlying debt issuances. So the first one, I believe, expire -- or matures in 2018, and then the second piece applies to debt we just issued. So I mean ballpark-ish, I would say, sort of $3 million to $4 million between 2012 and 2017, 2018, and then you'll actually see some interest or some additional interest expense in these last couple years that relate to the most recent issue.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, could you just share with us the synergies you anticipate from your acquisitions going into next year, particularly, with Rowland and Sara Lee? Did Rowland help you launch those individual sticks this quarter? And what the synergies were and kind of how you're thinking about earnings. Of course, the first year of Sara Lee is going to be neutral, but how you expect that growth and cost synergies to flow through the P&L in future periods.
Mark T. Smucker: Yes, Farha, this is Mark Smucker. First of all, I think your question was around the instant sticks. That is not a Rowland related. That's a strictly Folgers branded product. That is essentially our Folgers instant in an individual serving. And in terms of the synergies, we would expect that they will be on track. The integration of the business has gone well, but really, the synergies will happen once we transition the operations to New Orleans from Miami. And as we've said, that is on a 2- to 4-year time frame from the time of the acquisition.
Steven T. Oakland: Farha, Steve. With regard to Sara Lee, we anticipate closing early in the calendar year and the synergies for that will start to happen similar to Rowland when we can, number one, put it on our systems; and number two, integrate the operations into New Orleans. We think the first will happen sort of midway through next fiscal year, and then the operations will happen sometime 12 to 36 months later. We'll have some detail on that later in -- probably, in this fiscal year, we'll have better plans that we can announce on that.
Operator: We'll go next to Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just following up on Ken Goldman's question. You've effectively reiterated profit guidance for the year. Despite the new challenges that have come up in the peanut butter category, are there other parts of the business that are coming through better than expected at the beginning of the year? And what do you see is the key uncertainties that are going to shape the outcome in the second half because there's a lot of moving pieces here?
Mark R. Belgya: Alexia, it's Mark Belgya. In terms of managing really the couple percentage point volume decline we'd see, I think you're aware that we have actually delivered SD&A below our expectations for the first half of the year. I think early on in June, we said we were going to get about 10%, and average is probably closer to 6% right now. We'll probably be able to continue that trend of 6% to 7% year-over-year SD&A kind of growth. We're really spending a lot of time focusing on discretionary spending and identifying opportunities to help to manage that a bit. And that's where a good portion of it will come for the last 6 months.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And then in terms of uncertainties for the second half, I'm thinking more on the operational side within the segment?
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. In general, I think we feel really pretty good because we build it from a pricing standpoint, we're well positioned versus where the commodity costs are. We have our plans in place certainly for Fall Bake. Those are all, and we're really just waiting for the sell-through and which seems to be going very well. Our indication's doing well. And then the back half of the year, we have a number of programs that are already in place and in line with our customers. So I guess we're feeling pretty good about that it's going to be pretty stable business for the remainder of the year and right in line with our expectations. And again, our base business is very solid and really no changes to those forecasts.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, I just had a couple quick questions, clarification. And I don't mean to beat the dead horse, as you've always say, for -- on guidance. But I do want to be clear here that, I guess, guidance comes down basically by $0.10 to $0.15. $0.15, $0.07 of that is from a onetime charge from the loss, from the business that you bought and 2008 sold to [indiscernible], but there's no commentary around loss of run rate profitability for the rest of this year or there's no readjustment of last year of taking that out, it's just a loss. That's kind of what I'm hearing from the $0.07. And so then I guess the question is, is there any additional color around any other effect from last year or this year from the asset sale, one? And then two, is could you provide any color when we could see some benefit in EPS potentially just be it buyback, what have you, from the increase in credit and therefore, interest?
Mark R. Belgya: Rob, it's Mark Belgya. Couple comments around Europe’s Best. And just to frame it, and I know you guys know most of this, but last year, we had an impairment charge in the third quarter and then the loss this quarter. In terms of impact on run rate, it really is not material. The sales for the business had decreased over the last year or 2, and so the sales takeout for the back half of the year will just not be material. We'll cover that through growth in existing Canadian business. So you'll see no additional commentary or impact. In terms of ways to potentially drive a little more EPS growth, in the scripted comments, we talked about we still have 2.5 million shares available under authorization. And I think we've been pretty true to our word that when appropriate, we'll go into the market and repurchase shares to help support the EPS. We have those shares there, and we will continue to look at opportunities to do that. And then again, as I mentioned, we will continue to look at the SD&A side. We feel comfortable about being able to reduce the overall or to grow it at a slower rate, I should say, and we'll just continue to challenge the team to find opportunities to do that. But I think those are the 2 or 3 triggers that may offer up some additional EPS outside of the normal business units.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. Perfect. And then one quick one. I know before you've targeted $450 million, I believe, in free cash flow for the year. It looks like so far for 6 months, you're negative. So I guess one is, if the expectation is that there will be a sizable ramp in free cash flow or cash from ops in the back half. And then also if you could provide any color, update us to what could cause free cash flow to ramp in next fiscal year.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes, in terms of the free cash flow, you're basically seeing a trend that is pretty much the norm in the last couple -- our first half of the year, as you know, we have to build inventories in advance of a couple things. One is our Fall Bake and Holiday. One is in advance of the Atlantic hurricane season as it relates to coffee. Add to that, we're in the transition, as we've talked about, with the facilities in New Orleans, so we've actually built a little bit more coffee inventory to make that move smooth. Layer on top of all that the cost environment that we're dealing in. So that's why our inventory and our working capital use in the first half has been significant. That will turn just through the normal sell-through of Fall Bake and as well, we're going to actively try to manage down some of that inventory. Lower costs will certainly help as well. So you will see a big increase in cash from operations in the back half, particularly, probably in the third quarter. You'll have seen the same trend last year. And then again, I think looking at what we can do from an inventory perspective is the best way that we can sort of ramp up working capital and cash generation. And again, lower commodity cost will go a long way in helping that. But you will see a turn, and thus we feel good about the free cash flow number.
Operator: We'll go next to Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I know you all try and match to the best you can in businesses like coffee your pricing and cost dynamics to try and, at least, protect sort of the profit dollars piece of it. And I guess, that's what was toughest to do in coffee this quarter, and it didn't happen that way. As you think forward into the third quarter, I know costs in coffee have peaked. They'll still be high in the fiscal third quarter. Can you get to a place where the profit dollars are, at least, protected and up year-over-year in coffee in the third quarter? And the reason I ask is because if not, I guess that will be 2 quarters in a row where that didn't happen, and that just seems to be, I guess, a longer period of time than you typically like to have when you're trying to match those 2 things in that business.
Vincent C. Byrd: Andrew, this is Vince. In a broad sense, yes, we do -- first of all, we manage the business for the long term and to grow gross profit dollars for the year. We know that from time to time, we're going to have a quarter based upon our position and what our pricing strategy is, those margins may fluctuate. As we look at the -- as Mark said and as we said it formally in the script, we feel very good that we'll be able to grow the gross profit dollars by the end of the fiscal year, and we're not coming off of that. We will have some quarter fluctuations, and last year's third quarter was a record quarter that we need to keep in mind. The other thing is as we said in the formal remarks in the second quarter, we had a $7 million hit on mark-to-market adjustment. So a lot of things going on and a lot of play. At the end of the day, we're managing towards the business for the long term to grow these gross profit dollars.
Richard K. Smucker: Andrew, I might just comment, this is Richard. You know these commodity costs have been more volatile not just on coffee but on every commodity that we've purchased than they have been historically...
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, they've been extreme.
Richard K. Smucker: And managing that is tough. And I think our teams and the positions we take both hedging and puts and calls, have done pretty good job of doing that. But to do it quarter-by-quarter, it's difficult because we really do take a long-term perspective. So I guess, what my feeling is we've done a good job in the very volatile markets that we have. Fortunately, at least, the last couple of months, the volatility seems to have dropped a little bit but not where we all would like to see it. But again, we manage for the long term.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I appreciate that. And then the cost dynamic clearly has been truly extreme. So I appreciate the perspective. One quick follow-up would just be, is the innovation agreement or partnership that you have with Sara Lee going forward, can that ultimately extend beyond just the sort of the foodservice piece or just the liquid foodservice piece and -- or is it just a matter of let's kind of see how it goes and we'll kind of take it year by year?
Steven T. Oakland: Andrew, Steve. The innovation agreement with Sara Lee is focused on foodservice, and we're excited about that because there's a pipeline of some great new equipment for us to bring to market in North America, but it's not limited. Obviously, no agreement is limited for the long term, but we're going to focus on foodservice. We're going to get to know each other. And if opportunities come up, as we go forward, we're going to take a look at those together, and there's a commitment on both sides to do that. But we're going to try to get it focused on getting this liquid business achieving the opportunities that we see in front of us for the liquid.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, Andrew, this is Richard again. Just -- but this is a partnership and we see it -- regardless of what's on paper, we see this as a real partnership going forward. And the great thing is they're in markets that we're not in geographically. They're in Europe and South America, and we're in North America. So it does provide us a good partnership.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Holland with Janney Capital Markets.
Brian Holland - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: This is Brian stepping in for Mitch this morning. Just a couple questions on the coffee side here. First of all, can you talk at all about any impact that the Dunkin' Donuts K-Cup launch on the franchisee side, what impact that might have had on the bag business in the quarter on volume if you're seeing any?
Mark T. Smucker: It's Mark here. Very little, if any. I think going back to what we've said previously, the Dunkin’ K-Cups that are being sold in their coffee shops again will help to grow the category, and we have not seen any impact on bag coffee sales.
Brian Holland - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then if you could talk at all about some of the recent acquisitions you've had within the coffee business, any opportunity to roll out those brands, any of those brands out into the K-Cup platform, the Keurig platform at all in the future?
Mark T. Smucker: As we've said I think in the past, we obviously value our partnership with Green Mountain. And at this point, we look at all of our opportunities. But at this point, we are holding firm with the brands that we currently are selling in the marketplace.
Operator: And we'll go to Eric Katzman for a follow-up.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess, this goes to maybe Richard and Steve. I guess, I understand the technology associated with the Sara Lee agreement, et cetera. But I kind of question the interest in the foodservice side. I mean, I know Procter really didn't care about that. So it's, to a certain extent, wide open. But historically, hasn't that been a much, much lower margin business? How does that jive with kind of the retail side of things? And how does that like kind of come together from a profit perspective over time?
Steven T. Oakland: Sure. Eric, Steve. Let me try to address that, and Richard, if you have some thoughts. A couple key. If you look at it macro, okay? 2/3 of the coffee consumed in America, and in North America, is consumed away from home, okay? So it's a big universe. And we think it's important as the leader in North America to have our brands in those key segments, okay? And if you look at all the major competitors, they've got brands away from home, at the office, at home, okay? So if you look at that, the Sara Lee piece, we didn't buy the whole thing. We just bought a slice of that. We bought primarily their liquid coffee technology, which is that's where Douwe Egbert and the brands we've got there are clearly the leaders, right? And so there are segments of foodservice, candidly, they are very attractive. This deal gives us not just that technology, but it gives us a direct sales force, and E&S, equipment and service organization. It will allow us to pick and choose where we play. And what they didn't have and a lot of the foodservice folks don't have is a big brand. So we think those things combined will allow us to pick our spots. It's not an all-inclusive. We're not going after everything. We did not take the operations. So we're not saddled with capacity we have to fill like they had. We think it gives us a nice opportunity to pick those profitable segments and do it with technology, do it with brand.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, Eric, this is Richard. Steve said it very well. The one operations we did take was their Suffolk plant in Virginia, which is a "state of the art" facility. It's one of the best plants I've seen anywhere. And then I would also just add that the good thing about liquid coffee technology, it reminds me very much of coke syrup and coke concentrate, and that's been pretty successful for them over the last 100 years or so. So in a small way, we're participating in something similar technologically.
Steven T. Oakland: Right. The plants we did not take are the roasting ground plants. We took their "state of the art" liquid coffee extract plant.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Richard, maybe in 50 years, we can kind of discuss that.
Richard K. Smucker: Yes, maybe 40. Yes, we may not...
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So the protest going on outside my office, it may only be a couple of days, so I don't know. So do you intend to -- so basically, you're not taking the Douwe Egberts brand. You're going to -- are you going to put the Folgers brand on their machines, and that's going to be kind of your approach within that market?
Steven T. Oakland: Eric, we think 2 things. We have a license agreement for Douwe Egbert that gives us plenty of room to transition the right brands. And as you know, we have the Folgers brand, the Millstone brand, the Bustelo brand. We've got brands that play in different segments, and they've got equipment that makes everything from a cappuccino and a latte to an iced coffee to a traditional long cup of coffee. So depending on where they are, if it's front of house unlimited lodging, if it's back of house in an upscale white tablecloth restaurant, we've got brands that fit those different segments. So I think it will be a variety of brands, and it will be the formula and the taste profile that meets the operators' needs and best reaches the consumer. So it will be all of those brands.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a quick follow-up to Richard, on the M&A front, you've obviously been pretty active with Rowland and now Sara Lee. Do you think are you pausing for a bit? Or do we -- do you think the organization is ready for even additional M&A if it presents itself?
Richard K. Smucker: Well, you really can never pause in M&A in the sense that if there's a brand out there or a relationship that you want to have. That is time sensitive most of the time. And so I think everybody would like to take a pause a little bit while we integrate these. But if the right thing comes around, we have a great team, and I have 100% confidence that they could execute.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Ken Goldman.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Not to have all grocery-oriented questions here, but I did a bunch of supermarket store tours recently and looking at some of the peanut butter shelves, they were cleaned out a bit. And a couple of the CEOs told me they literally couldn't get enough peanut butter, that Smucker, Unilever and ConAgra all are putting some items in allocation. Maybe this isn't a national issue, maybe it's not even accurate. And I realize you cut out a few SKUs months ago. But on those items you're making, are you able to supply right now 100% of the peanut butter that I guess your customers are asking for?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Ken, this is Paul. I think the answer to that question is, again, we are in a mandatory allocation situation. That being said, we're able to supply the demand that we're primarily being requested on from a customer perspective. There are some customers that would like to have more always because of the current situation. But again, we feel very good with our position, what we've been able to supply and our supply going forward through the rest of this fiscal year, we feel very good about.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And as far as you can tell, are your competitors in anywhere in a particularly worse or better situation that you're in, without naming names again. But just I'm curious as you get into this situation more and more, what you're seeing there.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: I would again just say from our perspective, I think we're in very good shape, and our relationships we have with our peanut shellers are very good, and so I just comment that our supply is sound.
Operator: I will now turn the conference back to management to conclude.
Richard K. Smucker: Well, we wanted to thank everybody for their attention today, and we're confident that the year is going to be solid, and we appreciate your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 1 (888) 203-1112 or 1 (719) 457-0820, with the passcode of 4025348 or by accessing the website for downloadable MP3 format. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-08-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Vincent Byrd - President, Chief Operating officer and Director Mark Smucker - President Of Us Retail Coffee And Director Richard Smucker - Co- Executive Chairman, Co-Chief Executive officer and Director Steven Oakland - President Of International, Foodservice And Natural Foods Sonal Robinson - Director of Corporate Finance & Investor Relations and Assistant Secretary Mark Belgya - Chief Financial officer and Senior Vice President Paul Wagstaff - President of U.S. Retail Consumer Foods and Director
Analysts: Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc Charles Cerankosky - Northcoast Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company's First Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sonal Robinson: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us. On the call from the company are Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer; Vince Byrd, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mark Belgya, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Steve Oakland, President, International, Foodservice and Natural Foods; Mark Smucker, President, U.S. Retail Coffee; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President, U.S. Retail Consumer Foods.  After this brief introduction, I will turn the call over to Richard for opening remarks. Vince will then provide an update on our business segments, and Mark will close with additional comments on our financial results for the quarter and outlook for the full year. We will then open up the call for questions.  During the call today, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risk and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning forward-looking statements. Let me also remind you the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed in our press release located on our website at smuckers.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please contact me or Mark Belgya.  I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Smucker: Thank you, Sonal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Let me summarize some of the key highlights for the quarter. First, our sales for the quarter increased 14% over the prior year to $1.2 billion, as sales were up in all 3 of our reportable segments. Net price realization was the primary driver of the increase following pricing actions taken in nearly all of our categories to offset higher raw material costs. Volume was down, while mix of products sold was favorable.  Our strategic growth drivers, including acquisitions and new products, also played a key role in top line growth. Rowland Coffee, acquired in May, contributed 2 percentage points of the quarter's net sales increase. Additionally, the ongoing strong performance of Folgers Gourmet Selections and Millstone brand K-Cups also contributed 2 percentage points to sales growth.  Second, non-GAAP earnings per share increased 8% as higher sales more than offset the increase in commodity cost. Earnings per share also benefited from share repurchase -- shares repurchased in the last half of 2011, which contributed approximately $0.05 to the quarter's results. Offsetting these items was a higher effective tax rate in the current quarter. Third, following a 17% increase in dividends paid in fiscal 2011, the board recently authorized a 9% increase in the quarterly dividend, payable in September. These actions, once again, are evidence of our continuing commitment to deliver shareholder value.  Lastly, we seamlessly completed the transition of our executive management structure that was announced in March. With the strength of our leadership team and our dedicated employees, we are well-positioned for continued success. We are satisfied with the results for the quarter; in particular, the continued share of market growth for most of our brands. However, we are not content with volume declines. As a result, we continue to adjust our plans as necessary to meet the needs of our consumers and our customers.  As we navigate our way through uncharted economic waters, we continue to believe that our strategy of focusing on leading brands, combined with excellent implementation in the marketplace will continue to yield long-term sustainable growth. I will now turn the call over to Vince for an update on our business segments.
Vincent Byrd: Thank you, Richard. Let me begin with the U.S. Retail Coffee segment. Net sales increased 27% in the quarter, primarily reflecting the price increases taken during the past year. Our K-Cup product offering continued its strong performance, contributing 6 percentage points of the sales growth, while the Rowland Coffee brands, acquired in May, contributed 5 percentage points.  Segment volume, excluding acquisitions, decreased 8% for the quarter with declines in both Folgers and Dunkin' Donuts brands compared to a strong quarter last year. While volume was anticipated to be softer due to the significant level of price increases, the magnitude of the decline was more than we had anticipated. However, we are encouraged that our Coffee business continued to gain share of market in the quarter.  Coffee segment profit increased 25% for the quarter, with pricing actions taken over the past year more than offsetting higher green coffee costs. A portion of the segment profit growth is timing-related, as favorable pricing position that benefited the first quarter results precedes higher green coffee costs that are anticipated to be recognized in upcoming quarters, primarily affecting the second quarter. The benefit of unrealized mark-to-market gains on commodity contracts also reduced the impact of higher green coffee costs. As announced earlier this week, we decreased prices by 6% on the majority of our coffee items in response to moderation in the green coffee futures market, which is expected to result in lower costs later in the fiscal year. The timing of this pricing action allows us to target key price points and positions us well as we enter into the holiday periods.  While commodity costs continue to be volatile, we remain committed to investing behind our brands and our supply chain. Marketing expense increased in the quarter due to the addition of Rowland Coffee business and the continued support of our coffee brands with all elements of the marketing mix. Coffee product innovation remains strong, as we recently launched several new items that build on our single-serve strategy, including Folgers instant stick packs and 2 new varieties of K-Cups.  We are working towards a seamless integration of the Rowland Coffee business with customer-facing and distribution network activities targeted for the end of the second quarter. As we continue to learn this business, we are pleased with the initial results and remain on track to deliver $0.05 accretion targeted for 2012. Lastly, the restructuring project is progressing well, with the expansion of the New Orleans coffee facility on schedule to be completed by next summer.  Turning now to the U.S. Retail Consumer Foods segment. Net sales increased 2% as price and favorable sales mix more than offset a 3% decline in volume. As noted in our press release, volume was down across all categories in the Consumer Foods segment, while profitability declined as net price realization was not sufficient to offset higher raw material costs. An unfavorable change in unrealized mark-to-market adjustment also contributed to the decline. Let me provide some additional commentary on the dynamics within our key categories. In peanut butter, we proactively managed the 2010 peanut crop availability, with temporarily rationalizations on selected items and a reduction of first quarter promotional activities, which contributed to a volume decline in the quarter. The inability to cross-promote also limited the growth of our food spread business during the quarter. While the first quarter was somewhat challenging for peanut butter, our outlook for the full year is positive. The actions taken have allowed us to build inventories to a level where we can support a ramp up of promotional activities as we conclude the back-to-school period and head into the Fall Bake and Holiday season.  In addition, we are pleased with the continued rollout of our Jif To Go and the ongoing success of our Jif Natural peanut butter. As we preview the upcoming 2011 peanut crop, we expect significantly higher peanut costs as we progress through the fiscal year and anticipate taking further pricing action to offset these costs. Turning to Crisco. We continue to see aggressive competitive activity within the base oils category. While this has led to some volatility on our oils business, we are effectively managing the competitive environment with a focus on everyday price points. Specific to the quarter, a large portion of the volume decline was related to our shortening business, which we plan to address over the balance of the fiscal year. In the milk category, commodity costs have continued to increase since year end and given the intense competitive set, rising costs have been difficult to recover through pricing, primarily on our private label business.  The baking category also continues to be challenged with commodity cost increases. Since we do not typically lead pricing actions in the baking category, our ability to recover costs has been impacted for our Pillsbury brand. Our focus remains on product innovation and positioning the business for a successful Fall Bake and Holiday period.  We are also encouraged that key retailers have increased their support of various Fall Bake activities, including the expansion in the number of bake centers. While the overall segment volume was soft, we are encouraged to have maintained or grown market share across all channels in each of our key categories, peanut butter, fruit spreads, oils, baking and milk in the latest 12-week period ended in July. Let me conclude my remarks with International, Foodservice and Natural Foods segment. Excluding the favorable impact of acquisitions and foreign exchange, net sales increased 7% as price increases and mix more than offset a 1% decline in volume. Volume gains were realized in Santa Cruz Organic beverages and Bick's pickles, but were offset by declines in flour.  Segment profit grew 9% in the quarter as net price realization more than offset higher raw material costs, the unfavorable impact of unrealized mark-to-market adjustments and a 5% increase in our marketing expenses in support of our brands.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Vince. Consolidated net sales increased $142 million or 14% in the first quarter, reflecting a 13% impact of net price realization across many of our categories. Volume declined 3%, while sales mix was favorable. The recently acquired Rowland Coffee brands contributed approximately 2% to net sales for the quarter, while the impact of the stronger Canadian dollar added 1%. GAAP earnings per share were $0.98 this quarter and $0.86 in the first quarter of last year, including restructuring and merger and integration costs. Excluding these special project costs, earnings per share were $1.12 this quarter and $1.04 in last year's first quarter, an increase of 8%.  Earnings per share reflected increased operating income and the benefit of share repurchase activity in the last half of 2011. These factors were partially offset by a higher effective tax rate in the quarter. Operating income, excluding special project cost, increased $10 million or 5% for the quarter, reflecting an increase in gross profit.  Despite some moderation in the commodity markets near the end of the quarter, significantly higher raw material costs were recognized in COGS, which was up 19% in the current quarter. Cost increases were led by green coffee, flour and soybean oil. As expected, price increases taken over the past year offset higher costs, but did not result in gross margin gain. Included in first quarter results was a $4 million benefit from unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on derivative contracts. This compares to a $7 million benefit in the prior year. While the impact of unrealized mark-to-market adjustments was not material on a consolidated basis, as Vince indicated, the impact by segment varies.  The increase in gross profit was partially offset by a 7% increase in SD&A expenses, reflecting higher selling and general and administrative expenses. The acquisition of Rowland added to our SD&A expenses as we will incur incremental costs until the integration is completed later this year. Total marketing expense was down a modest 1%, primarily -- transfer of funds, trade promotion in support of our Consumer Foods business.  The effective income tax rate was 33.2% in the first quarter compared to 31.3% in the prior year. The effective tax rate in the first quarter of last year benefited from a favorable federal income tax determination related to a prior year, a higher domestic manufacturing deduction and lower state income tax expense. We continue to anticipate a full year effective tax rate between 33% and 33.5%.  Turning to cash flow. Cash used by operations was $58 million in the first quarter compared to a use of $27 million last year. The increase was driven by a higher working capital requirement, specifically the impact of commodity cost increases on higher inventory levels that were partially due to the additional buildup related to our supply chain restructuring project. During the first quarter, approximately $307 million was borrowed under our revolving credit facility at an average rate of 1.5% and remained outstanding as of the end of the quarter. Borrowings were used to fund the Rowland Coffee acquisition, as well as working capital needs. With the normal build in inventory, in advance of the Atlantic hurricane season and to support the Fall Bake and Holiday promotional periods, we expect to draw additional funds on the revolver during the second quarter, but anticipate paying down the majority of the revolver borrowings by the end of the fiscal year. Last month, we amended our revolving credit facility, increasing the borrowing limit to $1 billion and extending the term to July 2016.  Capital expenditures were $68 million in the first quarter, tracking toward the full year range of $250 million to $275 million. We continue to anticipate free cash flow of approximately $450 million for 2012, somewhat contingent on our year-end inventory balances.  Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we repurchased nearly all of the approximately 500,000 common shares remaining under our current 10b5-1 plan utilizing $37 million of cash. An additional 2.5 million shares remain available for repurchase under previous board authorizations. Let me conclude by updating our outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year. We still expect net price realization to drive significant top line growth in 2012 as compared to last year. The impact of the recent coffee price decrease and first quarter volume is expected to lower our sales growth by a few percentage points below the 20% we originally guided to in June. With the recent market decreases in certain commodities, most notably coffee, we now anticipate year-over-year cost increases as a percent of COGS, will also be lower than our initial guidance of 25%.  As a result, we continue to expect non-GAAP income per diluted share to be in the range of $5 to $5.15, including amortization expense of approximately $0.50. Although we generally do not comment on quarter estimates, we want to reiterate that the second quarter results will be impacted by the timing of coffee costs hitting our P&L. While the first quarter benefited from our price position relative to recognized green coffee cost, we expect this trend will reverse in the second quarter as higher green coffee costs will be realized, along with the impact of the coffee price decrease [ph].  As always, we manage the company with a long-term perspective and remain confident in our ability to deliver on the full year guidance. While volatility in the commodity markets and uncertainty in the economy continue, our focus will not waver from our strategy in building our brands for the long term.  In closing, let me say that we remain confident in our employees’ ability to execute in this challenging environment, and we thank them for their continuing efforts.  Thank you for your time today, and we'll now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll hear first from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Barely had time to think of my questions. Okay. I guess you made some comments about the peanut butter inventory or supply position limiting production, as well as its influence on jam and jelly. Is there a way to kind of quantify that? And how does that kind of play out during the rest of the year? Because I guess those are 2 pretty profitable businesses within the portfolio, and then I'll ask my second question after.
Paul Wagstaff: Eric, this is Paul Wagstaff. And yes, just to take a step back and explain kind of what happened. Yes, we wanted to make sure that we were proactive in managing the 2010 crop, peanut crop, which we knew was not a very good crop and wanted to make sure that we had the availability. So what we did is we temporarily discontinued 8 of our items to focus on our core 18-ounce and crunchy and creamy products to make sure that we had those products on shelf during the summer and the first quarter. And in line with that, what we decided to do is basically reduce our first quarter promotion activities. We made sure that we had enough inventory build in our warehouse, which we do have right now. And that basically led to some lower volume in peanut butter, as well as in our jam and jelly business to be -- cross-promote with peanut butter. So where we are now is we have inventory levels that are solid. We feel that we can go back and support the rest of the back-to-school, as well as getting into our Fall Bake time period. And we feel very good for the full year projection that we're going to be in great shape on both peanut butter and spreads.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. But is there -- so there isn't really a way to quantify kind of how much you feel that, that held the quarter back?
Mark Belgya: Eric, this is -- it's Mark Belgya. I would say that if you look at the profitability shortfall in consumer foods, it probably was just about 15% to 20% of a dollar decrease in the overall segment. So they're down about $15 million. So it's about fit to that.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And just to follow-up, obviously, the decision to lower the coffee prices got a fair amount of attention, kind of I guess Sara Lee, at least they're a European business, but they showed that unfortunately, elasticity is kind of shown up in coffee and you saw that. So how much of the price cut in coffee is just a function of the elasticity being worse thing you thought versus, just let's say, more competitive conditions within the category and you wanting to be a leader and go first?
Mark Smucker: This is Mark Smucker. I think as it relates to the decrease, it has more to do with how we price to our position, and we don't feel necessarily that the decline was more than was anticipated. We always talk about the elasticity model and that we've tend to beat those. But clearly, we were a little disappointed with the results, but we do think that this price decrease positions us very well going into the holiday period. And that although there may be some margin compression in the quarter, we do feel comfortable, in terms of recovering $0.01 profit and then position well going into the back half of the year.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Vince, just going along the elasticity question, you had mentioned volumes were weak in the quarter. Could you just share with us kind of which segments outperformed your expectations and which ones had more pressure?
Vincent Byrd: Well, I'll start, but I'll turn it over to Mark and Paul. I think as we just alluded to and alluded to in the formal remarks, coffee was lower than we would have anticipated. Paul has already explained the peanut butter and fruit spreads really don't have much to do with pricing elasticity, it's more about the availability and the ability to cross-promote. Probably shortening and baking would be the other 2 that were the key ones. So I'll ask the other 2 if they support or have any additional commentary.
Paul Wagstaff: Well, this is Paul, and I would agree with Vince. On the shortening side of the business, we took a price increase in -- beginning of the year, and that had an impact on our volume. And on the baking side, as we're not typically leading price increases in that category, we weren't able to recover some of the cost increase on a couple key areas.
Mark Smucker: Yes, I would echo. This is Mark. I would echo Vince's comments. We feel obviously very good about K-Cups. And in the mainstream channel I think as well, we may have seen some shifting of volume around in the category. But we still feel pretty good, obviously, about our share position.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: That's helpful. And then going into the rest of the year, you guys had commented that you're going to seek to shore up some of those volume declines. Given that the economy is quite weak, do you anticipate further promotional activity is needed? And are you concerned about matching pricing with increasing costs?
Mark Smucker: I'll go first. This is Mark. In coffee, the reason, one of the key reasons that we took a price decline is because we felt that, that was really the right thing for the consumer. And clearly, we'll be focused on our promotional spending as we go into the next several months. But the bottom line really is that the price decline was necessary and is important to consider, in light of -- and balancing that, what we might spend in trade versus what we really hope the consumer should see the price on shelf.
Paul Wagstaff: And this is Paul. And I think in the other categories on peanut butter, food spreads, baking, milk, et cetera, we do have some leverage that we're in the position to pull to make the back 3 quarters of the year better.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: A quick question on Dunkin' Donuts. I think this is the second consecutive quarter you've had a low double-digit decline. Can you flesh that out for us, what the drivers are? And whether or not you expect that to persist?
Mark Smucker: Sure. I guess I'd start by saying that we still feel great about the business, and we think that there is upside to the business. The performance this past quarter was driven by a couple things. One, the timing of some promotional activity that we had experienced in the prior year that wasn't repeated this year. And we may get some of that back in the second quarter. And then just we were not enjoying the price advantage that we had been versus one of our key competitors in the gourmet segment, and so I think that obviously had some impact. But again, going forward, I think we're well-positioned going into the holiday period, and we feel good about how we will be able to reflect those prices on shelf versus competition.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just to clarify that last comment, you feel good about how you're going to be able to reflect the price position. Are you suggesting that you're going to try to widen out that price gap again?
Mark Smucker: Well, we hope to. I think that depends on how we manage that with our customers, and it's obviously going to be very dependent on how our retail customers reflect that price. But I'd say we were optimistic.
Vincent Byrd: Well, this is Vince. And then if -- what, if any response we to get from the competitive set.
Mark Smucker: That's right.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Sure, sure. And this time last year, you guys, you were outperforming measured channel, your volume by quite a bit. Now we're underperforming. Is this a factor of any inventory shifts in the pipeline? Or is this a factor of what may be happening in some of the unmeasured channels?
Vincent Byrd: Are you speaking specifically to Dunkin' or coffee or?
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: This is coffee overall. Sorry, I should have clarified, and specifically volume.
Vincent Byrd: Well, yes. So as Mark indicated, where some of the shortfall occurred in the quarter tends to be in some of our non-measured channels, if you will, and so probably had a greater impact this quarter than it has had historically. And quite frankly, some of that was price point driven that we hit some thresholds that I think the consumer has responded to. But as Mark indicated with our price decline, we should be able to address that going forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Wanted to ask first on the K-Cups. The volume contribution there was maybe a little bit lower than I had expected, and I'm just wondering if you think that retailers are maybe taking a little bit more of a cautious approach, just with kind of the new competitor coming into the market shortly. Any kind of thoughts there?
Mark Smucker: No, actually. I think we still feel very optimistic about our K-Cup business. We're the first national brand to launch in the category, and we still are bullish and believe that there's significant upside, as well as feeling good that we're positioned well going into some of the key competitive activity that we will experience in the second and third quarters.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And then on peanut butter, just can you maybe talk about the competitive dynamics there a little bit? There's a new competitor coming in and then talk about your main competitor not getting all the price through that they had intended, I'm just wondering if either of those things has an effect on kind of how you view your ability to perform in that business this year?
Paul Wagstaff: Ed, this is Paul. And from a competitive perspective, yes, we know, very well aware of the competitor, the new competitor on the block. I think again what happened in the first quarter is we delisted temporarily, these 8 items are – we allowed our competitor to come in and pick up some of those slots, so we're well aware of that. We understand the key competitor has been aggressive in promoting. We also maybe understand that they may be pulling back a little bit, so that would be expected from what we understand in the peanut crop. So from our perspective again, we did what we felt was a responsible thing in the first quarter, and we feel very well positioned going into the next 3 quarters.
Operator: We'll go next to David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: I guess, could you discuss coffee volumes for the category? And then I'd also like to hear your thoughts on exactly what's going on or as much as you can on why the volumes are down? And what I specifically mean here is, certainly it's some price elasticity. But do you know which consumer is it affecting? Is it affecting your loyal consumer who drink multiple cups a day? Or is this dis-incentivizing new consumers from coming into the category? This question would relate to kind of the future in terms of how easily it is to regain these volumes assuming that coffee prices continued to decline.
Mark Smucker: I think -- let me speak to your first question first. And in terms of the category as a whole, I think as you look at -- I think you guys probably have these numbers, but the category is down slightly on a 12-week, it's down 1% in volume. But again, we've been doing very well from a share perspective, particularly in the mainstream segment. I think I understand your second question you're asking, which consumers are either hurt or benefited from the shifts in segment? Is that your second…
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: So let me rephrase. So volumes are down in coffees, and then the question is, who are we losing here? Are we just losing -- is it that second or third cup people aren't drinking, and that's how you see a decline? Or is it we just have users that normally might have come into the category and you're just simply not attracting them because of the very high prices?
Vincent Byrd: This is Vince. Let me -- let's take a step back in a macro perspective, what's going on. You have continual shift growth of the gourmet segment versus the mainstream segment, roast and ground. That continues, and you have a lot of activity obviously between us and a couple of competitors. Secondly, you have, although still small, a growing segment of single-serve primarily as it relates to K-Cups, which adds dollars but doesn't add a lot of volume per se because of the ratio. So those 2 phenomenons are going on. The third thing is that consumers, some consumers are, in fact, trading down from maybe some of our -- like our classic roast to what we would refer to as our opening price point offerings, custom roast and those type of things. So I think the consumer is, in fact, you have higher-end consumers still attracted to the gourmet or a single-serve category, and you have some consumers, quite frankly, that are trading down because again, our retailers are trying to reach price points that they were unable to do with more of our classic roast. With our recent price decline and where we're going to place our emphasis, we believe we'll be able to get that back, and there is no impact though from a profitability perspective, because all of those basically contribute equally. But there's no fundamental change other than that over sort of a macro perspective.
Operator: We'll go to our next question from Scott Mushkin with Jefferies & Company.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just wanted to go into coffee a little bit more, probably beating this dead horse a little bit, but I just wanted to understand the price decline, the motivation behind that. Was that really the fact that green coffee costs had come down or was it mostly motivated by the volume concerns? And your -- I also got that maybe you're looking to offset, some of this by some hedge, anticipated hedging gains or hedging benefits to fund this price decrease or did I misinterpret that?
Mark Smucker: I'll start, and I'll let Mark or Vince chime in. This is Mark Smucker. I think first of all, the main driver of that decrease, it is the right thing to do in terms of getting to the key price points through the holiday period. And yes, you're correct that some green coffee costs are coming down. We have the ability to participate, in some nominal degree, in some of the downward movement of that, even though we're looking at burning through some of our higher-priced inventory. However, I think it's a combination of the factors that you mentioned. But at the end of the day, it really is driven by trying to be collaborative with our customers and trying to help them get to the price points that we believe the consumer can afford.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. That's perfect clarification. The other thing I wanted to get in on or talk about a little bit is the idea that maybe the retail trade has built some inventories, in anticipation of all the price increases and then there's a possibility that some of the volume weakness you're seeing is, I guess run off, of some of the inventories that perhaps were built in the channel. Do you have any thoughts on that, as you've kind of gone through this big kind of bubble of costs and everything?
Vincent Byrd: This is Vince. I would say that we probably did experience a little bit of that in peanut butter on our last price increase. Other than that, actually, we see some retailers that are decreasing inventory levels given the actual costs of the commodities themselves. But yes, so I guess that's how we respond.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then the final question, I'll yield, is any update on kind of the China acquisition search? I know you guys mentioned this at CAGNY, and I just wonder if you had any update for us.
Steven Oakland: Sure. This is Steve Oakland. I can speak to some of the efforts in China. Couple things, we continue to do research in the markets in China and to understand both the categories and the number of companies in those categories and understand how those markets really work mechanically. And so that'll position us to be there in a meaningful way here sometime in the future. We will have an office open in Shanghai later this fall, and we're starting to put a team together. So we're excited about that, and we're trying to get ourselves positioned to be meaningful there, but we're not going to do anything until we feel like we've got a firm foot on the ground.
Operator: We'll move next to Jon Andersen with William Blair.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I wanted to just talk about Dunkin' Donuts for another minute. Could you provide a little more color on kind of where you stand today from a distribution perspective with Dunkin', and maybe how many SKUs on the shelf? And what the opportunity is over the next few years?
Mark Smucker: Well, this is Mark again. In terms of the total Dunkin' as it relates to our distribution, we've got in the upper 80s ACV distribution, so we're actually pretty well positioned. Now if you look at some of the newer items, they might be slightly below that. But we're still in the upper 70% in terms of ACV in some of the recent launches. Now total SKUs, we've got probably about a dozen SKUs, which is significantly fewer SKUs than our key competitor would have. But we do benefit at this time of year from some of the seasonal and flavored coffees that we launch in that category, and those in the past have performed very well for us. So bottom line, distribution is getting there. We're pretty far along that path, and then counting on some of the seasonal items to continue to drive volume in the second quarter.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: That's helpful. I guess just a couple quick follow-ups perhaps for Mark. The previous revenue guidance for 20% growth for the year, if I kind of back out the 6% price reduction on coffee, I'm getting to about kind of a 2% impact to sales for the year. So are we now saying something kind of in that upper teen range? Or how much is maybe the incremental impact from volume? What's the right way to think about that?
Mark Belgya: Well, I think as I said in my prepared comments I think we said it would be a couple percentage points below the 20% we guided to and that does factor in obviously the 6% decline and then with some thought on volume contribution. But I don't think we’d necessarily be specific, give you volume or price, just take it a couple of percentage point below the volume [ph].
Operator: We'll move next to Robert Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I guess a couple questions. First question just a follow-up to the last question was, if sales are going to be a few percentage points lower, was there any additional guidance for what you think COGS maybe is obviously? Sales can come down by a few basis points or 300 basis points but relative to where input costs are probably in the back half of the year and what you said that you continue to hold $0.01 profit, it would seem as if your operating profit growth, which frankly is all I really care about, should be healthy and continue to hold.
Mark Smucker: Yes, well, we would expect a couple percentage points decline in sales that would be a little bit more of that on the COGS side. So I think as you said, we were at 25% in June. So you're kind of getting down in the lower 20s range.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: So essentially though, I mean, for every whatever the ratio is but for whatever -- for any incremental reduction in your top line growth, it seems as if you're actually having a little bit more reduction in your COGS growth. So net-net, I just want to be clear that we we’re all very focused, uber-focused on the top line, but it does sound as if and also inclusive of your comments earlier that your outlook, so to speak, for profit growth, even though you haven't given us one, internally doesn't seem to be changing too much. I mean, it may be better.
Mark Belgya: Well, you make the judge on it on the profit, be it better. But that's right. And I mean, if you think about it just from our general approach on price changes we, I mean, clearly we talked about it along the way up in terms of protecting $0.01 profit. So yes, I mean, we're seeing costs, expected cost increases from higher peanut butter, from higher peanut cost, and would expect to lower the price to sort of offset the margin. There's always going to be a little play, as you know, as it relates to the timing. But generally, I agree with your comments.
Operator: We'll go next to Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research.
Charles Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Thought I'd ask more of a big picture question, when you're looking at the consumer condition right now, how are food shoppers manifesting a slow growth economy, the high unemployment when they're shopping for Smucker products? And what are you seeing regarding trading down within your brands, trading into private label, what they're doing with sizes? And how are the retailers maybe collaborating by promoting private label?
Vincent Byrd: Hey, Chuck, this is Vince. As I mentioned earlier, clearly -- well, first of all, if you look at our wide range of products, we believe we offer value across our full range regardless of the segment. And as you all know, peanut butter is one of the lowest costs of protein in the industry. So overall, and you think about as we said before, to brew a Folgers product coffee at home, it's still less than $0.10 a cup compared to the alternative. So in a macro perspective, we feel that we're very well positioned. Having said that, as I mentioned earlier because of some of the price points, retailers are looking for either smaller sizes to promote or in the case of Coffee, there's been some shifting to again what we would refer to as our opening price point offerings. And again, that's driven by the retailers and/or the consumers. That's not a shift in our promotional emphasis within the industry. But I guess I'll leave it at that, unless Mark or Paul wants to add additional commentary.
Richard Smucker: And I'd only add that -- this is Richard. On the private label side, at least in our categories, we continue to gain market share in almost every category that we're in. And so even if private label maybe growing a little bit, it's not growing at our expense.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take a follow-up question from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Two detailed questions, I guess one for Mark on the -- do you have a change in the net interest expense for the year? It came in a little less than what I had thought for the first quarter. Is there any change there or is the working capital going to offset whatever cash flow benefits that provides?
Mark Belgya: Eric, I don't think it will be materially. It might be up just a little bit, because I think we will carry inventories, so we’ll be borrowing maybe a little bit longer, but I don't think it's material under modeling.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And I don't recall any comment on the productivity program. I think you were suggesting as much as $0.30 or more a share of kind of benefits this fiscal year. Is that more second half weighted? I assume so, but just can you clarify that?
Mark Smucker: Yes, well, I think, in Vince’s prepared comments he might have coffee spoke to the coffee. But our projects, which are primarily around our fruit spreads operation here in Orrville with new construction and, also with the New Orleans coffee facility, it is sort of stepped up. I think I’d use that term over the time, to getting ultimately, I think what we said about $65 million to $70 million. But we have recognized about $25 million within the run rate over the course of the year, this current fiscal year. And that was -- I'm sorry. That was consistent with what we said in June, and that's included in our guidance.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then just last thing. Any changes on the category management designations in coffee? I know that that's something you've been targeting given your breadth of products. Have you made strides there and could you detail anything?
Vincent Byrd: Eric, this is Vince. There's nothing significant to report. We have had a couple of wins, if you will, and also we're becoming more and more reliant on to be a validator of certain information, but nothing significant to report.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just a quick clarification question on the coffee price decrease. So it’s obviously a pass-through category, but you seem to talk about it as a decision that was somewhat driven by consumer right now, and the reason I ask about it is that, Arabica has bounced back somewhat meaningfully this week and it's actually only a few cents lower than where it was when you last raised price. So I'm just wondering whether you might, if there is a consumer issue that you're seeing if you would be slower to take price up again if the commodity does kind of continue – start to move higher.
Richard Smucker: I'd say the short answer is no. But again, I think it is driven again by getting to the right price point through a price reduction rather than through necessarily increase in trade. So I think the key driver, and why we're comfortable in doing that despite where our commodity costs may be is that by getting to those key price points again, we feel that we will be able to drive some volume and make up that $0.01 profit that we may have missed in the second quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next from Robert Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Just a quick question, just on capital structure. I know you mentioned on the call that you had a number of leverage you could potentially pull, and kind of in the remainder of the year or back half of the year. And you're obviously a bit credit light right now, so to speak, so I'm just curious, it seems like you didn't call out, but it seems like you did buy back probably about 1 million shares in Q1 and with where your stock price is right now and your leverage capability and what have you, could you foresee potentially any incremental buy back at least in Q2? Or is that you're just basically staying mute on that?
Mark Belgya: Rob, this is Mark. A couple thoughts or comments. We did buy back about 0.5 million shares here at the end or after the end of the quarter, during month of August. So you'll see those reflected modestly through the rest of the year on our weighted shares. The effect that you're seeing as you compare, for example, this quarter's weighted shares to a year ago, was more the effect of what we bought in the back half of fiscal 2011, so that sort of clarifies the change in shares. In terms of going forward, we have 2.5 million shares that the board authorized in January of this year. As we have said, we kind of have 4 buckets of cash deployment. On the growth side, we've got CapEx, and we've got acquisitions. And on the shareholder return side, we've got dividends and buybacks. And we really do look at those 4 uses of cash pretty evenly. Clearly, we have been able to take advantage and have repurchased shares over the last 2 years at pretty reasonable price. We'll continue to look at the opportunity to do that. But as opportunities from acquisition, obviously, that’s part of our growth algorithm, we'll take that into consideration at the time. So at this point, I wouldn't say we're going to be active in the market, but we'll clearly consider it as one is the uses of our cash through the rest of the fiscal and into next year.
Operator: That is all the time we have today for questions. I will now turn the call back over to management to conclude.
Richard Smucker: Well, we thank you for your time and interest today. And just in summary, we still feel very solid about the year. We felt that the first quarter was a solid quarter. And in light of taking a number of price increases, our volume held up fairly well, and in areas where it was a little short, we have plans to make that up for the remainder of the year. And our plans are to come right in where we said we would at the beginning of the year. So we're still feeling pretty good about the market. So thank you for your day, your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 1 (888) 203-1112 or 1 (719) 457-0820, with a passcode of 4796460 or by accessing the website for a downloadable MP3 format. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you, all, for participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-06-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Vincent Byrd - Director and President of U.S. Retail - Coffee Richard Smucker - Co-Executive Chairman, Co-Chief Executive Officer and President Steven Oakland - President of U S Retail - Smuckers Jif and Hungry Jack Mark Smucker - Director and President of Special Markets - SBA Paul Wagstaff - Director and President of U S Retail - Oils & Baking Mark Belgya - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Tim Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Jane Gelfand - Barclays Capital Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Mike Otway - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc Charles Cerankosky - Northcoast Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Mark Belgya. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Belgya: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us. On the call from the company are Tim Smucker, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO; and Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman and Co-CEO. Also joining us and reflecting their new titles that became effective on May 1 are Vince Byrd, President and Chief Operating Officer; Steve Oakland, President, International, Foodservice and Natural Foods; Mark Smucker, President, U.S. Retail Coffee; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President, U.S. Retail Consumer Foods.  After this brief introduction, I will turn the call over to Tim for an overview of the year. I will then review the financial results for the quarter, and Richard will provide our outlook for 2012 and closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments, we will be available to answer your questions. Questions specific to one of the business segments will generally be addressed by the president responsible for managing that business in 2011. If you've not seen our press release, it is available on our website at smuckers.com.  A replay of this call is available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. During the call today, our team may make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning such forward-looking statements. I also want to remind you that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release located on our website. I will now turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Smucker: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone, and it's great to have you join us this morning. Let me begin by summarizing some of the key highlights of this past fiscal year. As we continue our purpose of bringing families together to share memorable meals and moments, we delivered another year of record sales and earnings. These results were achieved against the backdrop of a challenging economic environment. Sales grew 5% to $4.8 billion while non-GAAP earnings per share increased 7% to $4.69. Our total Coffee Business continued its strong performance with sales growth of 14% for the year. Innovation contributed significantly to the company's growth, including new products such as Folgers Gourmet Selections and Millstone brand K-Cups, Jif Natural, Dunkin' Donuts seasonal varieties and Pillsbury sugar-free baking products. We successfully managed through a volatile commodity cost environment, demonstrating the strength of our brands and our ability to implement. Significant progress was made on the supply chain restructuring project as key milestones and cost savings targeted for 2011 were achieved. Demonstrating our commitment to enhancing shareholder value, we repurchased 5.7 million common shares, representing over 4% of shares outstanding. Also benefiting from 2 increases in the quarterly dividend rate, dividends paid per share increased by a total of 17% for the fiscal year. In March, we announced changes to our executive management structure that are consistent with our long-term succession plans and the further development of leadership. And lastly, in May, we acquired the coffee brand and business operations of Rowland Coffee Roasters, including its leading brand Cafe Bustelo and Cafe Pilon.  With that, let me provide a few comments on each of our business segments starting with the Coffee segment, which realized another strong year. Sales and segment profit for 2011 grew 14% and 11%, respectively, driven by the Folgers and Dunkin' Donuts brands, along with the K-Cups product launch. Dunkin' Donuts packaged coffee continued to gain market share. Volume was up 6% for the year and sales reached nearly $300 million. We expect volume growth for the brand to continue in 2012. Our investments in the coffee brands remain robust supported by a full mix of marketing programs, including several new commercials, which aired during the year. New product launches contributed significantly to Coffee's organic growth in 2011 including the rollout of K-Cups. The K-Cup product line contributed 3% to Coffee sales for the year despite a September launch, and we remain excited about future growth opportunities. Lastly, we successfully navigated through a year where green coffee costs reached a new 34-year high. While significant price increases were executed during the year to offset these higher costs, we were encouraged Coffee volume was down only slightly for the year, reflecting our belief of the category's ability to withstand elevated prices. Before I turn to the other segment, let me briefly comment on the Rowland Coffee acquisition and why this addition is a good strategic fit for our company. Cafe Bustelo and Cafe Pilon are both leading Hispanic brands with distribution concentrated in the Northeastern U.S. and Southern Florida. The addition of these brands provide an exciting opportunity to establish a strong presence in coffee with Hispanic consumers in the U.S., allowing us to meet the needs of the fastest-growing demographic in the country. While preserving the rich heritage of the Cafe Bustelo and Cafe Pilon brands, we believe they will benefit from our go-to-market strategy, strong national presence and increased marketing support as we look to expand distribution into other key Hispanic markets. Overall, we anticipate these brands will be a great complement to our existing portfolio. Turning to the Consumer segment. The business continued its steady growth during the year, gaining market share in all key categories. Volume, sales and segment profit were all up, excluding the impact of divestitures. Volume gains in the fruit spreads category were supported by investments in advertising and product innovation, including our Smucker's Orchard's Finest offering.  Our volume in the peanut butter category grew by 5% in 2011 adding to the growth we have achieved since acquiring the Jif business in June of 2002. The increase was led by the strong performance of Jif Natural, which more than doubled its volume from the prior year and continued to drive category growth. Looking forward, a price increase on peanut butter was passed through last month to cover incremental costs associated with the short peanut crop of 2010. We remain well positioned to support the continued growth of both core and new products as we enter into fiscal 2012. In the Oils & Baking segment, Crisco realized a 5% volume gain for the year following our efforts to narrow the price gap on shelves. In Baking, although the aggressive promotional environment presented a number of challenges throughout the year, the Pillsbury brand concluded 2011 with a strong fourth quarter.  Finally, the Special Markets segment completed a strong year with sales and segment profit up across all business areas. In Canada, we gained market share in those key categories with sales growth that was led by the strong performance of Folgers Coffee.  Our U.S. Foodservice business grew sales and volume during the year despite a continuing decline in the overall industry, reflecting gains in Folgers Coffee and Smucker's Uncrustables. Lastly, our Natural Foods and International businesses performed well for the year, with both achieving mid-single digit volume growth. In summary, the company achieved another year of strong sales and earnings. Our ongoing success would not be possible without the dedication of our talented employees and their commitment to our strategy. We thank each and every one of them for their continuing efforts. Before turning the call back to Mark, I would like to make a few comments about the leadership announcements we made early in March. As you may know, we announced several executive appointments that are consistent with the company's history of long-term succession planning and the development of leadership to meet the current and future needs of our business and the constituents that we serve. Effective May 1, Vince Byrd assumed the role of President and Chief Operating Officer with responsibility for the company's U.S. Retail businesses. Mark Smucker assumed the role of President, U.S. Retail Coffee; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff is the President, U.S. Retail Consumer Foods, which represents the combination of the previous Consumer and Oils & Baking business areas. Both Mark and Paul report to Vince. Steve Oakland has assumed responsibility for International Foodservice and Natural Foods. This leadership team clearly embodies the values that have contributed to our success, allowing us to deliver consistent long-term results. In addition to these changes effective August 16, the day prior to our Annual Shareholders Meeting, Richard Smucker will become the sole Chief Executive Officer of the company. I will continue to serve the company as the Chairman of the Board, and my efforts will be focused on the Board of Directors, corporate strategy, succession planning, providing support as we pursue growth in China and continuing as an ambassador for our culture with all of our constituents. As this will be my last earnings call serving as the role of Co-CEO, please accept my sincere thanks and appreciation for your interest and support of our company. While I'm sure you would think maybe I'm a little biased, I believe that we have a special organization with an exceptionally talented team that I am privileged to serve with and have been for the last 43 years. It's been a particular honor to serve in this role with Richard, my brother, and I am confident, as Richard always says, the best is yet to come.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Smucker: Thank you, Tim. Let me begin by summarizing a few highlights from the fourth quarter. Sales and volume were up with contributions from many of our key brands. Operating income, excluding charges, grew 4% while comparability between years has been impacted by a number of one-off items including a gain on divestiture in 2010 and income taxes. We are pleased with our fourth quarter results.  Net sales increased $118 million or 11%, primarily reflecting the impact of pricing taken during the year. Volume contributed 2% of the sales growth with gains realized by the majority of our brands, including Pillsbury, Jif and Folgers. The impact of sales mix and foreign exchange was also favorable. GAAP earnings per share were $0.82 this quarter and $1.01 in the fourth quarter of last year, including restructuring and merger and integration costs, which I will refer to as special project costs. Excluding these charges, earnings per share were $1 this quarter and $1.07 in last year's fourth quarter. Operating income, excluding special project costs, increased $7 million for the quarter, reflecting an increase in gross profit and a decline in SG&A expenses due to lower marketing.  Higher raw material costs were primarily driven by green coffee and soybean oil. Price increases taken earlier in the year offset higher costs, but did not result in gross margin gain. Unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on commodity instruments were not material for the quarter. The effective income tax rate for the quarter was 36.7% compared to a low 27.9% in the prior year. The effective tax rate for the full year increased from 32.4% in 2010 to 33.1%. The increase in both the fourth quarter and full year rates reflect higher current and deferred state income taxes and reduced tax benefits associated with our Canadian operations, partially offset by an increased benefit related to the domestic manufacturing deduction.  Let me now provide a few more details on our reportable segment starting with U.S. Retail Coffee. Net sales increased 21% in the quarter reflecting price increases taken during the fiscal year, partially offset by higher spending in support of Easter promotional period. Volume increased 3% for Folgers and offset a low double-digit decline in the Dunkin' Donuts brand. While Dunkin' Donuts was down, this compares to a strong 2010 fourth quarter where volume was up over 20%. Dunkin' Donuts sales for the year were up 18%.  K-Cup products contributed approximately 5% to segment sales for the quarter. Coffee segment profit increased 8% with pricing taken during the year more than offsetting higher green coffee costs. Additionally, marketing expense decreased for the quarter as advertising was at more typical levels in the current year while record incremental investments were made in the prior year.  Although down from the prior year, fourth quarter 2011 marketing expense was comparable to each of the first 3 quarters of this fiscal year. In the U.S. Retail Consumer segment, net sales were flat to the prior year, excluding the impact of divestitures. Volume was up 2% offset by a 5% price decrease on peanut butter taken in the first quarter. Our peanut butter category was up 8% in volume for the quarter. Jif benefited from incremental volume in the club channel, along with the continued growth of Jif Natural. The strong peanut butter performance in the quarter comes on top of a 13% volume increase in last year's fourth quarter. Segment profit decreased 7% as the prior year included a $13 million gain on a divestiture of potato products. Marketing expense and supply chain costs were lower in the quarter. Segment margin declined from 30.5% in last year's fourth quarter to 28.9% this year, but was up after excluding the 480 basis point impact from the prior year's gain.  Turning to the U.S. Retail Oils and Baking segment. Net sales and volume for the quarter increased 11% and 6%, respectively. Increased volume was driven by Pillsbury baking mixes and frosting reversing the trend of the last several quarters, along with gains in Crisco oil and milk. Net pricing and a favorable sales mix also contributed to the higher sales.  Segment profit increased 3% as higher costs for certain commodities and freight were more than offset by pricing and lower marketing in the current quarter. The prior year quarter also included the impact of asset write-offs. Segment margin decreased 80 basis points to 12%.  And finally, net sales in Special Markets segment grew 8% with pricing, sales mix and foreign exchange all contributing favorably. Volume for the quarter decreased 4% as double-digit increases in Bick's pickles and Folgers Coffee in Canada were more than offset by declines in the Canadian baking brand and the Natural Foods business.  Segment profit grew 11% in the quarter with segment margin increasing 70 basis points to 17.9%. The impact of price increases, sales mix and improved profitability of Smucker's Uncrustables following the consolidation of manufacturing operations more than offset higher raw material costs and an increase in marketing expenses in Canada. The prior year quarter also included the impact of asset write-offs. Lastly, regarding segment, let me briefly comment on the reporting impact of the management change that Tim spoke to. Effective in the first quarter of 2012, we will have 3 reportable segments reflecting our new management structure. U.S. Retail Coffee, U.S. Retail Consumer Foods and Special Markets, which has been renamed International, Foodservice and Natural Foods.  I will conclude with a few comments on cash and cash flow. We ended the year with $320 million in cash on hand, including approximately $110 million in Canada that currently cannot be repatriated in a tax-efficient manner. Subsequent to year end, the acquisition of the Rowland Coffee Roasters business was financed with available cash on hand and $180 million in borrowings under our $600 million revolving credit facility.  Anticipating additional working capital needs, our current borrowings on the revolver totaled $240 million at an average rate of 1.5%. With the normal build in inventory during the first half of the fiscal year, we expect to draw additional funds on the revolver but anticipate paying down all revolver borrowings by the end of the fiscal year.  Cash provided by operations for the full year was $392 million, reflecting a slight net use of cash in the fourth quarter. This represented a decrease in cash from operations from the prior year resulting primarily from significantly higher working capital needs compared to last year. Specific to the fourth quarter, the impact of commodity cost increases, notably green coffee, on higher inventory levels and increased trade receivable balances due to the timing of the Easter holiday, which occurred in late April, contributed to the increase in working capital requirements. 2011 capital expenditures were $180 million, slightly ahead of our third quarter estimates. Included in CapEx was approximately $40 million related to the restructuring project. Free cash flow for the year of $211 million was lower than anticipated -- than estimated at the end of the third quarter due to the significant working capital requirements in the fourth quarter. As expected, cash collections in May related to the year-end trade receivable balances have been strong.  During the fourth quarter, 2 million common shares were repurchased utilizing approximately $142 million of cash on hand. Year-to-date, we repurchased 5.7 million shares using over $380 million in cash. Share repurchase activity contributed approximately $0.03 to fourth quarter earnings per share. At April 30, approximately 500,000 shares remain available for repurchase under the current 10b5-1 plan while an additional 2.5 million shares remain available under previous board authorization.  Additional components affecting cash flow in 2012 include capital expenditures of approximately $250 million to $275 million, of which approximately $150 million relates to the restructuring project; depreciation and amortization of approximately $195 million, excluding special project costs. Share-based compensation expense is not reflected in this amount; dividends of approximately $200 million based on current rate and shares outstanding; and finally, total special project costs of approximately $100 million, of which $60 million to $65 million are cash related. The remaining noncash charges primarily represent accelerated depreciation.  I would now like to turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Smucker: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. After achieving another year of strong financial results, we remain confident in our ability to execute our long-term strategy while focusing on key initiatives that are critical to continuing our momentum into 2012.  Before providing our financial outlook for 2012, let me highlight some of the priorities as we enter the new year. First, we remain committed to growing the business with contributions from all 3 of our growth drivers: new products, market share gains and acquisitions. We continue to invest in our brands and are encouraged by our product launches and marketing initiatives planned for the year. Second, while managing through the volatility in commodity cost environment, we remain -- the primary focus areas are as follows. We are incurring significantly higher costs in 2012 for nearly all of our key commodities with the largest increases in coffee, soybean oil, flour and peanuts. As a result, we currently estimate year-over-year increases in cost of goods sold of approximately 25%, excluding the addition of Rowland Coffee. To offset higher costs, we have utilized a combination of price increases and cost saving initiatives to protect profit dollars, recognizing that margin percentages will decline.  Third, we expect to make significant progress on the supply chain restructuring initiatives. During 2011, the Sherman, Texas coffee facility was closed, while the remaining operations at the Kansas City coffee facility and the Canadian condiments facility are scheduled to conclude over the next year. In addition, the construction of our new fruit spreads manufacturing facility in Orrville, Ohio is well underway with initial production in the new plant scheduled for the summer of 2012. We recognize the impact on the affected employees, and we thank them for their support. Looking ahead, all key milestones and targeted cost savings remain on track.  And finally, achieving a seamless integration of the recently acquired Rowland Coffee business will be a key priority. We expect to integrate all customer-facing activities, including ordering, invoicing and distribution by the end of our second quarter. Turning now to our guidance for 2012. Net sales are expected to increase approximately 20% over the prior year. Price increases and the recently acquired Rowland Coffee brands will be the primary drivers. In response to higher raw material costs effective in May, we took pricing in a number of key categories including coffee, peanut butter, fruit spreads, oils and various baking products. The full year impact of the price increases taken last year will also be realized in 2012. While consumers will ultimately determine their response to our pricing actions, their past acceptance gives us confidence that volume levels will be similar to last year.  We expect non-GAAP income per diluted share in the range of $5 to $5.15, resulting in growth that is in line with our 8% plus long-term strategic growth objective. Our guidance includes the addition of the Rowland Coffee acquisition and assumes weighted average shares outstanding of approximately 114 million. Excluding amortization of expense of approximately $0.50 a share, our 2012 forecast would be $5.50 to $5.65 per share. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $450 million, reflecting a record level of capital expenditures. Additional assumptions for 2012 estimates include the following: an increase in SD&A of approximately 10%, including the addition of Rowland Coffee; interest expense of approximately $60 million; and finally, the effective tax rate is anticipated to be 33% to 33.5%.  Although we provide annual guidance, the company remains focused on our long-term strategic growth objectives. With our 2011 results, we are pleased to report that our 10-year compounded annual growth rates are 23% for sales and 14% for earnings per share, clearly exceeding the 6% sales and 8% plus earnings long-term growth rate targets. Over the same period, our total shareholder return assuming dividends reinvested has averaged 14% per year. So in summary, we delivered another year of strong sales and earnings. Second, over $570 million was used for dividends and share repurchases, demonstrating our commitment to enhance shareholder value. Third, while commodity cost volatility is expected to continue, we remain confident in the strength of our brands and our team's ability to execute. Fourth, we are pleased to provide 2012 guidance that reflects growth in sales, earnings and cash flow. Fifth, our strategy and the efforts of our dedicated employees have positioned us well for the long-term growth.  Lastly, as you know, our company is unique in being led by 4 generations of family leadership and having only 5 CEOs in 114 years. Continuity of leadership has been a primary factor behind our company's success and remains a key element of our succession planning activities. The organizational changes described by Tim earlier reinforce our commitment to maintain our company's heritage and unique culture, while continuing to support the long-term interest of our constituents, our consumers, customers, employees, suppliers, communities and our shareholders. It's been an honor to serve as Co-CEO with Tim. He has been instrumental to the growth that we have achieved and the special culture that has been nurtured. Tim has played a leadership role throughout the food industry and within the communities we serve. While our daily roles will be changing, Tim and I will continue to work together to further advance the company, build our brands and serve our constituents. I'm looking forward to serving as CEO with our talented leadership team and the best employees in the industry. Echoing Tim's comment, the best is yet to come.  Well, thank you very much for your time today. And at this point, we'd be happy to answer any questions you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess my 2 questions. First one, given the amount of pricing that you have, kind of how should we think about the -- I know you don't like to talk about the quarters, but how should we think about the quarterly flow of the year with the pricing? And I mean, is that -- I mean, it sounds like it's going to be an acceleration as we kind of progress through the year based on how you've lifted prices. And then the second is can you talk a little bit more about peanut butter and the, I guess it was like a 20% or so price increase that Unilever put through and kind of how you're positioned given such a short crop in terms of just actually producing the amount of jars that you're going to need?
Vincent Byrd: Eric, this is Vince. I'll take the first question, and Steve will take the peanut butter question specifically. But I think as mentioned in the script, the majority of our pricing was taken through last fiscal year through '11. But then we announced virtually every product category had yet another round of price increases that will take effect in the first quarter at various stages. So from a quarterly perspective, I would say that you'll see more pricing actions take effect in the second through the fourth quarter than you will in the first quarter.
Mark Belgya: Yes, Eric, this is Mark Belgya. The other thing would be, of course, we will lap the -- one of the coffee increases in February that we took, a double digit one. So there you'll start seeing some moderation in the fourth quarter.
Steven Oakland: Eric, Steve Oakland. I'll comment on the peanut butter business and the actions that we've taken and what's going on in the industry. As you know, we are the largest peanut buyer, right, globally. And so as we work with those key suppliers and shellers, it became evident to us very early on that this year's peanut crop was short, frankly. And so as we worked with them, we started to prepare our Lexington facility and prepare our supply chain to assure we can continue the growth of that business. And if you look at that business grew last year by 5%. Frankly, it grew the year before by a little more than that. So we anticipate that business growing again this year. So we've discontinued, and there's been some writing about this that maybe was a little misunderstood. But we discontinued some tiny items that were complex and that gave that facility even more capacity, so that it could deal with a short crop. So if you combine those efforts with frankly our position, we feel great about our key promotional periods of back-to-school fall bake. Our price increase that we took that went into effect just last month is about half what some of the competitors that you listed mentioned. But we think it's adequate to cover our needs, and the actions that we've done are going to get us through another great year on Jif. Remember, we also took a 5% price decline that the market didn't take a year ago. So the Jif business continues to grow, and we get a lot of that business on regular everyday shelf turns. And we think that's very, very healthy. So keeping that price close, giving the consumer value every day not just on deep deals has been the success of that business, and we intend to continue it.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take the next question from Farha Aslam from Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And then my 2 questions. First of all, could you just detail for us the level of pricing in each of the categories that you took effective for the first quarter? And my follow-up would be this is the first we actually get to talk to you about the Rowland Coffee acquisition. You've highlighted that sales are about $110 million for that business. Could you share with us the EBITDA that business produces and roughly what that growth rate of EBITDA is?
Vincent Byrd: So we'll take the pricing question first, Farha. On coffee, we announced the price increase in May of around 10% to 11%.
Steven Oakland: On oils, it was about 8%. On baking, it was a range between 4% and actually 20%. On milk, 5% to 10%. On peanut butter, it was 8% to 10%. Fruit spreads, 5%. Our pancake mix and toppings businesses went up 5% as well.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Great. That's helpful. And then Rowland?
Mark Belgya: Farha, this is Mark Belgya. We have not disclosed the EBITDA numbers, but we did put in our release in year one, our first full year would be a $0.05 of earnings. And that number will increase in a few years as we consolidate the operations into our New Orleans facility and move much closer to the rest of the company. But right now, because of the fact that we're running the operation separately, it's a little bit under the corporate average.
Tim Smucker: Farha, maybe we could provide a little more color on Rowland. Mark, do you want to handle that?
Mark Smucker: Sure. Hi Farha, this is Mark Smucker. Again we would say that the Rowland acquisition obviously is very complimentary to the business, and one of the key points that it's a very unique consumer. And it's typically a consumer or a set of consumers that does not consume our mainstream products across a number of different Hispanic demographics. And so as you may know that business is focused predominately in the northeast and Florida and because of that unique consumer base, we think it's critical that we maintain the product integrity and ensure that, that brand and that product taste profile doesn't change as we integrate the business. So we do think, however, there's going to be significant opportunity for growth across a number of Hispanic demographics nationally. And remember, too, that we've only owned the business for about 3 weeks and so we're right now very focused on learning the business and integrating that business. And we only closed on May 16. So again, we remain very confident that we can grow that business and it fits a very unique niche in the consumer base.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Chuck Cerankosky from Northcoast Research.
Charles Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Mark, could you talk a little bit where the depreciation restructuring line came from in the operating activities? Is that mainly tied to the Sherman, Texas plant?
Mark Belgya: Well, the charges -- yes, Chuck, most of the charges we've had during the year it's deceleration on all the plants that are closing but clearly with Sherman having the shortest time period, the majority or at least the large percentage of the noncash charge would be affiliated with that. But the other plants are also -- we're accelerating depreciation on those as well.
Charles Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: All right. And then a bigger picture question. Somebody mentioned that you felt the higher prices of coffee that you've gone to on the shelf are being reasonably well accepted by the consumer. I would imagine oils are at the other extreme when you're raising prices. Can you talk about what sort of in the middle, how consumers are reacting to these price increases? And are you trying to price to maintain a certain level of volume growth or are you trying to simply pass through costs?
Vincent Byrd: Chuck, this is Vince. Well, first of all, as you know, it's unprecedented times across all commodities. And I think as Jim or Richard mentioned in their formal remarks, we're trying to do everything we can to delay or have other costs offsets to ultimately pricing decisions. Also as mentioned, we are though passing on pretty much a $0.01 per $0.01 type pricing as opposed to increasing margin percentages. They have been accepted pretty much from the trade. They have not all been reflected, of course, on the shelves. So the consumer has not seen the full impact of our pricing actions most -- and particularly those that we did announce over the last month or so. But again, for the most part, we feel our products and brands will be able to withstand the pricing actions we've taken.
Paul Wagstaff: This Paul Wagstaff. The only thing I would like to add to that is when we think about the oil pricing, our competitors have also taken the price up to similar amounts. So we feel that on shelf, we're going to be in pretty good position. And so far we have seen a significant drop-off in volume.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. I might just add 2 comments. One is, as Paul mentioned, our competitors have all taken these price increases also, so we are on a level playing field. We just believe that we have to play harder. And second is that the consumer, for example, on coffee, still a cost per serving on coffee is very low. It's still only $0.05 or $0.06 a serving. So even if it goes up to $0.07 a serving, it's still going to be a pretty good bargain, and that's true in most of the products that we are involved in.
Charles Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: That's a great point.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Has the tone of the conversation changed much with the retailers about pricing? It sounds from what you're saying like it hasn't. But in the last week, a couple of retailers, Wal-Mart, Dollar General, Fresh Market, have really come out and said they're pushing back or they're not taking pricing. And it seems like there's been a shift in their tone. I'm wondering if in your conversations with them they've pushed back any farther than usual or whether anything has really changed there that maybe we could be aware about.
Tim Smucker: Yes, Ken, I think the answer is yes. Clearly, they are very concerned about their customers and concerned about price points. And so yes, I think those conversations are properly harder than maybe what they had been. And also we have to provide more data or justification sometimes to ensure that we're not passing on more than maybe what's clearly justified. But again for the -- we're able to get our price increases through. But I think it goes back to our credibility and our transparency of our pricing that we have with our customers whether we move up or down. And so we've earned that over the years, and I think that we're well regarded in the industry.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then separately, the Rowland amortization or total amortization next year, if we're trying to figure out cash earnings. Can you remind me again what the guidance is for amortization next year versus this year? I think you've touched on it, but I wanted to make it clear.
Mark Belgya: Ken, this is Mark. I think it was in the scripted comments, it's $0.50 a share roughly. Before it was around $0.45 -- $0.73. So it's about $7 million or $8 million specific to Rowland.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Jon Andersen, William Blair.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I just had a question on -- first question on marketing versus promotional spending. It sounds like maybe reallocated somewhat towards promotional spending in the fourth quarter. At this point, are you happy kind of with the mix of marketing versus promo? And do you expect that to change next year?
Vincent Byrd: I think we'll do that by segment, but we'll start with Coffee. This year's fourth quarter was different from last year. I think you may recall that we almost doubled our marketing budget in last year's fourth quarter and we actually reduced our trade spend last year. This year was more normal on a going forward basis, and that's what we'll see I think going forward into fiscal '12. Although marketing was lower this year in our fourth quarter versus last year, it was actually higher than the 2 previous fourth quarters. So we continue to invest in the brands. We did increase a little of the trade this year versus last year because we wanted to ensure that we delivered a very strong Easter promotional period.
Paul Wagstaff: Yes, this is Paul. Regarding the oils and baking side of the business, we did want to make sure that we did have a strong Eastern time period. And we did take some of our marketing and really put it towards the promotion -- price promotion and felt that we did have a very good time period, a good fourth quarter.
Steven Oakland: And Steve Oakland with the consumer numbers. As we reported, we had a very strong volumes in the fourth quarter. Peanut butter, up 8%; fruit spreads, up. So our year-to-date marketing was flat. We did postpone a few activities because we knew what was happening in the peanut butter category. We knew we had very strong bookings on that business, and we didn't want that to be any stronger frankly, putting more pressure on that business. So some of the Jif Natural things, some of those Jif To Go things went into the next year. So marketing for the year was flat, but fourth quarter it was prudent to maybe postpone a few activities.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: That's helpful. Just one last one on kind of the Rowland acquisition. Is there any more color you might be able to provide on both the timing of top line opportunities such as distribution expansion or -- and also on the cost side kind of consolidation into New Orleans?
Mark Smucker: This is Mark Smucker. As you know, we're still integrating the business and learning it. And as I think in the scripted comments, we mentioned that we will be integrating the customer-facing activities in the next several months. But we do expect that in the second and third quarters, we will be putting some efforts against increasing that distribution. So realistically, flowing through our P&L, you would probably start to see some growth, I would say, in this third quarter.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from David Driscoll, Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Wanted to start off in the Coffee. Can you just talk a little bit about the implications of current green coffee prices? So you mentioned in your prepared comments the 34-year highs. Of course, we've come off those highs now, and as the curve -- it's different than anything that we've seen for many months now where it only did basically just go straight up. I don't know who wants to answer this one, but would love to hear your thoughts on how this evolves going forward.
Vincent Byrd: Sure, David. This is Vince. Basically for the fourth quarter, our costs were up nearly 50% if you compare to the prior year. There's been tremendous volatility, and in fact, it's traded in the last 3 weeks about $0.60 or over 25% change. I would just say from where our current position is, and we're public that we're typically 18 to 22 weeks. And based on where the market is today, we're in a range that we're comfortable with our pricing. It's very difficult, of course, to predict what the market will do going forward. But I think a lot just depends upon the world events and the flow of money. You've heard us say before that we don't think it's driven by the fundamentals or some issues going on in Brazil and Colombia we've discussed. But it's not driven necessarily by supply and demand as much as it is financial markets. But we feel we're in a good position as we sit today.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: That's very helpful. You made comments just a moment ago I think on marketing spend for the fourth quarter. I might have missed it, but did you say what your expectation was for fiscal '12?
Mark Belgya: David, it's Mark Belgya. We did not, but I think again it was in our stated scripted comments that our SD&A is going to be up next year. And we're going to -- although clearly, marketing won't be up to match the top line growth, it will be low double-digits as a company.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: So marketing spend up low double-digits?
Mark Belgya: Yes.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: And then final question. Just productivity savings, can you guys quantify that for F '12?
Mark Belgya: Yes. Just to refresh everyone's memory, our restructuring project including everything that's been discussed previously including Canada will ultimately be about $70 million in fiscal 2015. That will be the first year that we have a full year of benefits. And we've tried to direct everyone that it's kind of a stair-step approach that ties into the construction projects and the closing of the plant. So in fiscal 2012, we would expect about $25 million in total savings to be reflected in the P&L.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scott Mushkin from Jefferies & Company.
Mike Otway - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: This is Mike Otway, in for Scott. I was wondering if you could just delve into the baking business a little bit. Volumes improved quite nicely relative to last quarter on a sequential basis. Maybe could you comment on what's changed outside of Easter, including Easter? And then more broadly speaking, could you give us an update on where you see the trends competitively and with that business heading into fiscal '12?
Paul Wagstaff: Yes, Mike, this is Paul Wagstaff. Just stepping back on the baking business, when we started out the year, it's been a tough year overall. Competitive pressures on the disruptive pricing has been significant, but we started out the last -- past year with one of our key retailers really eliminating us from part of the key promotional time period. And so as we moved into the fourth quarter, we were able to gain some of that promotional business back from a couple of the retailers. And we really were able to pass some of the pricings. We took some of our marketing and pushed into some pricing and key promotions. And really we grew the business by about 15% fourth quarter. So we felt very good about that. Going into this upcoming year, we are still seeing the competitive pressure exist in the marketplace. That being said, we've already locked in a few key retailers for the fall bake time period, and I would say we feel optimistic that should be a good year. All things being considered, we still know there's going to be some disruptive pricing out there. But we feel pretty good.
Mike Otway - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Great. And then maybe this one is for Mark. Just kind of following up on some of the other questions on the supply chain. Could you give us a sense for the cadence of costs on the cost side this year spread more evenly or weighted to any one quarter in particular?
Mark Belgya: No, I don't think that -- I don't think I would give any specific quarter any weighting. Obviously, the costs that we've priced to have all occurred. So it would be pretty even across the 4 quarters.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. But I'm not sure of the question, but if the question relates to pricing versus where the costs are associated with, we've -- if commodity costs remained where they are today, we've taken all the pricing we need to take. No one knows what's going to happen on commodity costs, but we're in pretty good shape going into the year.
Mark Belgya: I think also -- I maybe misunderstood the question, sorry. Are you talking about the cadence of the restructuring costs or benefits?
Mike Otway - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: The supply chain project costs and if there was any -- if they are more evenly weighted throughout this year on a quarterly basis.
Mark Belgya: Yes, they're fairly evenly weighted, particularly on the noncash side because the depreciation is monthly. The only times you'll see a little bit of cash spike is when we do get around to incurring some of the cash charges. But I think for your modeling purposes, an even cadence across the quarters is probably reasonably fair.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Jane Gelfand from Barclays Capital.
Jane Gelfand - Barclays Capital: A quick question for you just regarding Dunkin' Donuts. I realize there's a really tough comp in the year-ago period and so some of that decline makes sense, but we all know that there's lots of kind of moving parts such as the premium coffee subsegment in general. So you've got the Starbucks brand being taken back at retail by Starbucks and Kraft is pushing a different premium coffee strategy. So I'm just curious more about kind of broader observations. How is that competitive environment? I know that there have been kind of flareups over the past year. And how do you feel going into fiscal '12?
Mark Smucker: Jane, this is Mark Smucker. I'll start. Basically, although the Dunkin' brand was down in the quarter, we still feel very good about its growth potential. Essentially in the quarter, there was some promotional activity in the prior fourth quarter that did not reoccur this past fourth quarter. And so that was the primary driver for Dunkin' being down. But as we go forward, we think the brand has great legs and that there is still some opportunity in distribution and also some opportunity in new products to continue to grow that brand. So overall, I think over the course of this next fiscal year, we would continue to see growth on that brand.
Jane Gelfand - Barclays Capital: And then in terms of just the kind of the dynamics in general, are you seeing any disruption as the brands shift hands or anything like that?
Mark Smucker: No, there's been no fundamental change if you're speaking specifically to the specialty coffees. Obviously, we have very high regard for Starbucks and taking over the ownership of their brand at retail. Again, though, there's been no fundamental shift other than, of course, the pricing price points that we're all now facing versus where we were a year ago.
Jane Gelfand - Barclays Capital: Perfect. And then just -- maybe just a question on the EPS range for fiscal '12. It's a little bit wider than I think you've usually gone. I realize it's a tough environment. But as I kind of listen to some of the moving parts for next year, it seems like pricing has more or less caught up to where it should be given the cost situation. You've got a decent read on elasticity being maybe even a little bit better than you anticipated. So as I think about getting from $5 to $5.15, I know that there was a $0.10 charge last year, you've got some buyback working to your advantage, and of course, the accretion from the deal. So what's the swing factor that can kind of help us bridge why $5 might even be in question versus the higher end of the range?
Mark Belgya: Jane, this is Mark Belgya. I'll start and then if anyone wants to jump in. I guess, first of all, in terms of the range itself, it is a $0.10 wider that I think we've done in the last couple of years. Obviously, the EPS amount grows just percentage-wise, the range will grow a little bit. But more specifically, importantly around what could drive it to the lower end of that. Everything you mentioned -- clearly, we have been hitting on. We talked about the savings around the restructuring. Obviously, there are savings associated on EPS in terms -- or benefits of the EPS in the share buyback. The impairment charge is a nonrecurring charge, and all of that would help support the high end of the range. As we've said several times this morning though, the consumer still has to see the on-shelf pricing. There's a lot of volatility. And when you talk about the 25% increase in cost, the 20% top line growth, those are somewhat staggering numbers, we feel confident. But if you are looking for something that would point us to the lower end of that range, just some of the uncertainty around that. And clearly, as the year progresses, we'll have a better view and add more site to that. But we felt at this point in the year, it was appropriate to recognize at least some of that uncertainty in our range.
Jane Gelfand - Barclays Capital: That makes sense.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Alexia Howard, Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Can I ask about what's going on in measured versus non-measured channels? It looks as though the coffee volumes were very strong, in the data that we saw I think about 8% up in the quarter, but the reported numbers were flat. And so that suggests that non-measured channels, it was down quite a bit. Can you just talk a little bit about the dynamics there?
Vincent Byrd: Sure. I'll take coffee. In a macro sense again, you have to be careful about how much is even recognized as measured versus non-measured, and we've said that many, many times. So although it's an indicator, it is not necessarily a full read of our business. I would also say that majority of the Dunkin' decline might have been -- or was in non-measured channels. So that's the primary driver from that perspective. But overall, I would say for fiscal year '11, clearly, there's been some shifting of our volume to the alternative channels group whether it'd be club, mask, dollar channels, et cetera.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Great. And then just a quick follow-up or a broader strategic question. At the CAGNY conference in February I think, you mentioned that you were reviewing options for entering emerging markets, particularly China. I noticed in the press release this morning, I think you reiterated the focus on North America. Where are you at in that decision making process at the moment? Is it still something you're exploring or are you refocusing on the North American opportunities?
Steven Oakland: Alexia, Steve Oakland. As we look forward to China, obviously, you just can't ignore that market. It's such a fast-growing middle class and the demographics -- the western retail practices and everything are just booming there. So we have been studying that market for some period of time. We're starting to understand categories. We're starting to understand the consumer. We started to add some people to our team that are both in China and here that have spent a lot of time managing similar product businesses in China. So I think we want to enter that market. We want to do it right, and we're trying to put the building blocks in place to do that, and I think we're well on our way.
Richard Smucker: And I think -- I'd just mention, as we were at CAGNY, nothing has changed from that strategy. Our shift is the same as we're still focused on North America, but China is an area of keen interest for us.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Judy Hong, Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: A couple of questions. First, just on the K-Cup contribution. I think you said in the quarter, it was 5% contribution. In Q3, I think it was up -- it was about 4%. So you did see some improvements. But if you look at the retail data, it looks like consumption is actually growing at a faster pace just on a sequential basis. So as you think about that business in fiscal '12, can you give us a little bit of color just in terms of how big the contribution can actually get based on what you're seeing in the retail data?
Vincent Byrd: Sure. Again, we would expect to continue to grow. I would just start by saying that we have a great relationship with Green Mountain. And as you've heard us say before, it's our charge to grow the system or the overall pie. We're the first natural brand to launch. And we did roughly, as you know, about 3% of sales for the 6 months, I believe, the most successful new product launch in our company history. There are some new competitors that's going to be entering into the market come fall, and those are very public. So they'll provide incremental opportunities for consumers to buy K-Cups at different channels. But we remain very, very bullish about the continued growth of that business.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. So are you -- just in terms of what's embedded in your guidance, are you looking at sort of that 3 6-month number continuing in fiscal '12 just in light of some of the competition? Or as you kind of build that business, that contribution actually does get greater?
Vincent Byrd: Yes. So I mean, we hope that it'll continue to grow between at least -- going to be between 3% and 5% of our overall coffee business.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then I may have missed it and maybe I've got 2 different numbers here. But Mark, just in terms of your SD&A guidance for next year, I think at one point you might have said 10% and then at another point low double-digits. And then I think you said marketing might not be growing at a -- as fast. So can you just reconcile or just clarify what you've said.
Mark Belgya: Yes, Judy. We said that our SD&A would be up 10% and then within that marketing, we would also be up in low double-digits as well. So pretty comparable to the SD&A increase.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ed Aaron from RBC Capital Management.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I wanted to ask you about coffee more from just kind of a macro perspective. You've stated a number of times, and I think other coffee companies have as well, but you think that the -- what's happened with the commodity is more kind of speculative and fundamental. But as we look at it, there really hasn't been much evidence of demand destruction in the category. And so assuming you agree with that, I'm just wondering if there's really a fundamental reason for those costs to really come down.
Vincent Byrd: Well, again, we would hope that depending on what happens in the financial markets that they could come down. But I guess, I'll just say what I said earlier, there are some fundamental issues going on in the world when you look at the amount of demand in Brazil or the supply availability in Colombia. But again, those are not what's driving coffee to the 34-year high. It's primarily driven by financial markets. You see that we have a $0.60 trading range in a 2-week period. That is not supplier-demand driven. That is financial markets driven. And so I don't think we can predict anything about what will happen. But we would hope that they will come down over time. However, whether they'll go back to the levels that we saw a year or 18 months ago, most likely it will not occur unless there's some major shift in the financial markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then my follow-up, just on the Coffee segment in the quarter. It was about, I guess, a 500 basis point sequential margin decline. I'm just trying to bridge that a little bit. I think obviously you had some inflation catch up but you also had a 10% price increase that came into effect I think at the start of the quarter. So just can you help me understand how to bridge that 500 basis points of sequential change?
Vincent Byrd: It just depends on what the timing of our price increase, the promotional spend and our green coffee costs that happen to fall within that particular quarter.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Robert Dickerson from Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I just have a couple of easy questions. I guess the first question, I think someone may have touched on it briefly earlier, but I just want to follow up on the commodity cost side. Just with respect to kind of rollout quarter-to-quarter fiscal '12. So I mean, obviously coffee prices are up. You've obviously hedged coffee costs some. But as some of the hedging rolls forward, it would just seem intuitively like if I'm thinking about fiscal year '12 that basically the back half of the year should be a little bit stronger than the front half of the year, just because of the year-over-year changes in coffee costs. Does that sound right?
Mark Belgya: Yes, that's probably right. And clearly, from a year ago this time, cost of green in particular would have bigger disparity than later in the year. And I would say, at the back half of the year we saw pretty high costs more comparable than what we're having in place today.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. Great. And then secondly, I just -- I don't think I heard anybody ask a question on the reclassification of the statements. But did I hear you right early on when you said it would be Coffee and Consumer, and then you're basically combining Oils and Baking with retail? I mean, sorry the Oils and Baking with Special Markets?
Mark Belgya: No, what we're going to do is we'll have 3 segments and we'll have U.S. Retail Coffee, which would be comparable to what we've had in the past. We'll have U.S. Consumer Foods, which for simplicity is the addition of what was Consumer and Oils and Baking. So for your purposes, you could just add the profit and sales results together. We will formally reclass or restate that in the coming weeks. And the International, Natural Foods and Foodservice business, which we previously called Special Markets, well, that will just be the new name for that business.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, great. All my other questions were answered.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Mitch Pinheiro, Janney Montgomery Scott.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Just a couple added-in questions. First, back, if you -- sales guidance 20% growth, and I think you said flat volume. So if you back out Rowland, make some assumption about Rowland, it looks like pricing is in the high teens. Is that about right?
Mark Belgya: Yes, Mitch. Clearly pricing is the majority. There is some mix, but pricing is by and large the bulk of that 20%.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. Okay. In terms of the K-Cup outlook, is there pricing in the K-Cups as well?
Vincent Byrd: Yes, it was included in the price increase that we announced earlier this or last month.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. And in terms of -- any plans for new SKUs in the K-Cup side?
Mark Smucker: Yes. This is Mark, Mitch. We are in the process of launching 2 new items in the K-Cup area. So we're excited about that.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Under the Folgers or Millstone?
Mark Smucker: Millstone.
Vincent Byrd: Folgers Gourmet Select.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. And then finally, can you talk about 2 more things. One, what does your -- of your total K-Cup sales, what does the sort of growth look like outside of the food, drug and mass channel? Do you have penetration outside of that channel?
Vincent Byrd: Outside of food.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Yes, alternative channels plus are you in office coffee, et cetera?
Vincent Byrd: No, we do not have the right to distribute the K-Cups in what we would call Foodservice or office coffee channels. Our channels are primarily limited to what we would call our U.S. Retail channels.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: So office.
Steven Oakland: Well, Canada just launched...
Vincent Byrd: Well, Canada's just launched -- yes, do you want to...
Steven Oakland: Yes. This is Steve Oakland. We are excited to launch K-Cups in Canada as well, and those presentations are being made to trade literally as we speak. So there's a new -- relatively newer segment in Canada, but getting just as much enthusiasm from all of the classes of trade as it is in the United States.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. And in terms of like the Staples, Office Depot segment, are you authorized for that channel?
Vincent Byrd: No.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. And then finally, in terms of Coffee, are you 100% Arabica or do you use any Robusta coffee?
Vincent Byrd: Oh, no. We use a very, very significant amount of Robustas, and we're not public with that exact blend but I can tell you by a significant amount.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay, and Robusta has moved a lot less than Arabica? It is that right? Am I seeing that correct?
Vincent Byrd: On an absolute amount, that is correct. And the difference between the 2 has significantly increased over the past year between Arabica and Robusta and so there have been some competitive actions of maybe revising their blends. I mean, we have resisted doing that.
Mark Smucker: This is Mark. If you look at the movement of Robusta relative to Arabicas, even though the spread is significant as Arabicas have come down slightly in the last several weeks, Robustas have not. And in fact, in the last week or so have actually strengthened on strong demand for Vietnamese Robustas.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. Very helpful. Final question. Acquisitions, do you anticipate -- I mean, I know what your pipeline looks like. But you obviously have Rowland working this year. Is anything -- I don't know how you would describe your acquisition outlook?
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. And as we always say, we got a lot of lines in the water. We just don't know when the fish are going to bite. So we're probably in the same position we were about a year ago in terms of that, but we're always looking.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take a follow-up question from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Tim, I was neglect in not recognizing your contribution and good luck.
Tim Smucker: Thank you. Thank you very much, Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess just kind of a -- maybe somewhat of a broader follow-up, but a question on the specialty markets area. I think in the last couple of calls, despite the economy, you've highlighted the fact that your natural and organic products, which sells at a premium price point, has done very well. And I don't remember whether you've kind of mentioned that. And are you detecting any change in the high end? Or does that continue to be the intent?
Mark Smucker: Now this is Mark Smucker. Yes, it is a good channel, and we do -- and from an industry perspective, we are seeing continued growth. And I would say overall, we would continue to see that area grow. If you look at naturals, the natural channel, which now is starting to get into some of the mainstream areas in a bigger way. Organic is part of what we call natural. It is a smaller piece, of course, of the pie. But organic seems to grow very rapidly from an industry perspective, and our growth continues as well.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Can you say out of the -- I guess you ended up the year with a little over $900 million in sales. How much of that is like focused on the organic and natural channels?
Mark Smucker: It's in the order of about $125 million to $130 million in sales.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. All right. And then just to check on, Richard, did you say that you expect interest expense of about $60 million? So despite the addition of the debt and the working capital usage, that you're still expecting interest -- you're expecting expense to be down year-over-year?
Mark Belgya: Eric, this is Mark Belgya. The number is $60 million. That is a net interest number. And we have moved some of our fixed debt to variable through some swaps that will benefit both from a cash perspective and the P&L during '12.
Operator: Gentlemen, I will now turn the conference call back to you to conclude.
Tim Smucker: Okay. Well, this is Tim again, and I want to thank everybody for your interest today, great questions. And again, thank the team, our Smucker team, a great team. We really appreciate it. It's a great year. And again, I'm humbled to be part of this great team. So thanks a lot. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 1 (888) 203-1112 or 1 (719) 457-0820, with a passcode of 3383522 or by accessing the website for a downloadable MP3 format. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-02-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Vincent Byrd - Director and President of U.S. Retail - Coffee Richard Smucker - Co-Executive Chairman, Co-Chief Executive Officer and President Mark Smucker - Director and President of Special Markets - SBA Steven Oakland - President of U S Retail - Smuckers Jif and Hungry Jack Paul Wagstaff - Director and President of U S Retail - Oils & Baking Mark Belgya - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Tim Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research Alex Bisson - FTN Midwest Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Jane Gelfand Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference call over to the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Mark Belgya. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Belgya: Good morning, everyone. And welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us. On the call from the company are Tim Smucker, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO; Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman and Co-CEO; Vince Byrd, President of our Coffee business; Steve Oakland, President of Smucker's, Jif and Hungry Jack; Mark Smucker, President of Special Markets; and Paul Wagstaff, President of Oils and Baking. After this brief introduction, I will turn the call over to Tim for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter, and Richard will provide closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments, we will be available to answer your questions. If you've not seen our press release, it is available on our website at smuckers.com. A replay of this call is available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. I would like to remind you that in both the prepared comments and during the question-and-answer period that follows, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning such forward-looking statements. I also want to point out that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release and on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Smucker: Thank you, Mark. And good morning, everyone. And thank you very much for joining us. Let me begin by summarizing the key highlights of yet another strong quarter. First, we concluded the recent Fall Bake and Holiday season with volume up 4%, excluding the impact of divestitures. Many key brands, including Crisco, Jif, Smucker's, Dunkin' Donuts and the Bick’s brand in Canada realized gains. Second, the continued rollout of our K-Cup products contributed 4% to Coffee segment net sales for the quarter. Third, non-GAAP operating income and earnings per share increased 12% and 9%, respectively. Fourth, the business generated $375 million in cash from operations, representing a new quarterly record.  Finally, our commitment to delivering shareholder value remains strong. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.7 million common shares, utilizing $240 million in cash. In January, our board authorized another 5 million shares for repurchase and declared a 10% increase in the dividend following a 14% increase last April. Needless to say, we are pleased with these results, which reflects our team's disciplined approach to managing the business and our ability to generate strong cash flow. Let me now provide a few comments on each of the four business segments.  In our Coffee segment, sales were up 18% for the quarter, reflecting pricing actions taken earlier this fiscal year, while volume was down 2%. The continued rollout of Folgers Gourmet Selections and Millstone brand K-Cups exceeded our expectations and is providing overall growth to the single-serve Coffee category. The Dunkin' Donuts coffee brand delivered another quarter of strong performance. Its volume was up 8% with continued growth of the core business and the successful launch of Dunkin' Donuts seasonals. We continue to invest behind the brands during the Fall Bake and Holiday seasons. This included new television advertising for the Folgers and Dunkin' Donuts brands and a full array of marketing support behind the K-Cup launch. In response to the unprecedented rise in green coffee costs, which reached a new 14-year high, we announced an additional 10% price increase earlier this month. While total U.S. Retail Coffee volume was down, it was better than anticipated especially during this period of high prices and ongoing aggressive promotional activities of our competitors. Our Coffee volume also benefited from strong growth in the alternative channel markets, primarily in warehouse club and chain drug stores. Turning to the Consumer segment. Increased sales and volume, excluding divestitures, reflected strong performance across all three brands, Smucker's, Jif and Hungry Jack. In addition to solid gains in fruit spreads and traditional peanut butter, our Jif Natural product continued its significant growth, more than doubling volume over the prior year. Marketing spending was up 5% for the quarter, focused on multi-brand promotions, and our first-ever Smucker's holiday advertisement which received great consumer response. Our Oils and Baking segment delivered increased sales and volume despite the ongoing competitive environment, which impacted the segment's profitability. Crisco realized a 27% increase in volume, reflecting our efforts to narrow the price gap on shelf. This growth more than offset the decline seen earlier in the year, resulting in a 4% volume gain year-to-date. Although Pillsbury experienced volume declines in the quarter, we continue to be encouraged by the success of new offerings, including our seasonal and sugar-free product lines. Finally, our Special Markets segment had another quarter of growth, with sales and volume up over the prior year. The Canadian business benefited from a strong Fall Bake with an overall volume gain of 6%, led by Bick’s pickles, Robin Hood flour and Folgers coffee. These results continued our positive trends in Canada as we have grown market share in most of our key categories during the fiscal year. Sales and volume in the Foodservice business increased 3%, led by gains in Smucker's portion control products and Uncrustables. In addition, the Natural Foods business continued its momentum, reflecting improvements in industry trends and the success of new products. In summary, our team executed a successful Fall Bake in conjunction with our retail partners, utilizing multi-brand promotions, responsible pricing and significant on-air advertising presence. We achieved another quarter of strong earnings and generated record levels of cash, further strengthening our position to deliver on our strategy.  I would now like to turn the call back to Mark to have him review the financial results for the quarter.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Tim. Net sales for the quarter increased $107 million or 9%. Excluding the impact of divestitures and foreign exchange, sales increased 10% for the quarter. Although pricing had the biggest impact on quarter-over-quarter sale gains, volume and mix also played an integral part in the sales growth.  GAAP earnings per share were $1.11 this quarter and $1.14 in the third quarter of last year, including charges related to restructuring and merger integration activities. Excluding these charges, earnings per share were $1.27 this quarter and $1.17 in last year's third quarter, an increase of 9%. The impact to the share repurchase activity was modest, contributing $0.01 to the third quarter earnings per share. The fourth quarter will receive the full benefit of the lower shares outstanding, which currently stand at approximately 116 million shares. Included in the third quarter results for both years were noncash impairment charges of approximately $17 million and $10 million, respectively, primarily related to the write-down of Europe's Best intangible assets in Canada. This represents $0.10 and $0.05, respectively, on a per-share basis. These amounts are included in both our reported and non-GAAP results. The current year impairment was recognized in order to adjust the book value of certain intangibles to their estimated fair value based upon current business expectations. Gross profit, excluding charges, increased $33 million but declined slightly as a percent of net sales from 38% in the prior year to 37.4%. Higher raw material costs for green coffee, milk, sugar and soybean oil more than offset lower costs for peanuts. Coffee price increases taken earlier in the year relative to the recognition of higher green coffee costs contributed over 1/2 of the increase in gross profit in the quarter but did not result in overall gross margin gains. Price reductions taken on Crisco oils also negatively impacted gross margin for the quarter.  Unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on commodity instruments in the third quarter of 2011 were not material. SG&A expenses in the quarter were equal to the prior year yet declined as a percent of net sales from 17.8% to 16.3%, as spending trailed the increase in sales. SG&A expenses reflect a modest decrease in marketing expense and lower employee-related benefit costs offset somewhat by higher selling expenses.  As a reminder, we stated previously that we expected margins to be down for the last six months of 2011 as compared to the same period in 2010, but not as much as the decline realized in the first half of this fiscal year. The marketing expense for the quarter was consistent with this outlook. Operating income, excluding charges, increased $26 million for the quarter. This resulted in an operating margin improving from 17.8% in last year's third quarter to 18.4% this year. Excluding the noncash impairment charges, operating margins would have been 19.7% and 18.6%, respectively, for the third quarters of 2011 and 2010. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.6%. This compares to last year's third quarter rate of 31.3%. The increase was primarily due to the fact that tax benefits associated with our Canadian operations and changes to the company's uncertain tax positions were greater in the third quarter of 2010 as compared to this year. This was partially offset by an increased benefit to 2011 related to the U.S. manufacturing deductions.  Looking towards the fourth quarter, we anticipate a higher rate than last year's 27.9%, which was unusually low. Overall, we estimate the full year effective tax rate will fall between 32% and 33%. Let me now add a few more details on our reportable segments starting with U.S. Retail Coffee segment. As Tim noted, net sales increased 18% in the quarter, reflecting the price increases taken earlier in the fiscal year and a favorable sales mix. Volume was down 2% as declines in the Folgers brand were only partially offset by an 8% growth in the Dunkin' Donuts brand.  Our new K-Cup products contributed favorably to the sales mix, adding approximately 4% to segment sales while its impact on volume was less than 1%. Segment profit increased $25 million or 19% over the prior year. Increases in gross profit, a favorable sales mix and overall lower rate of promotional spending and the 8% reduction in marketing expense all contributed to segment margin increasing 40 basis points in the quarter.  In the U.S. Retail Consumer segment, reported sales were flat to prior year and up 5%, excluding divestitures. Sales reflected a 7% increase in volume driven by strong gains in our peanut butter and fruit spread businesses, partially offset by a 5% price increase taken on peanut butter in the first quarter. Segment profit increased 9% due to lower supply chain costs, including the impact of consolidating all Smucker's Uncrustables manufacturing into our Scottsville, Kentucky facility. These savings combined with lower costs of certain raw materials offset an increase in marketing. Segment margin improved over 200 basis points from 24.2% in last year's third quarter to 26.4% this year. Turning to the U.S. Retail Oils and Baking segment. Net sales and volume for the quarter increased 4% and 3%, respectively. Volume for the Crisco brand was up 27% during the quarter, while sales increased at a slower rate, reflecting the price decrease taken in the second quarter to lower price on shelf along with incremental promotional spending. Pillsbury Baking products volume declined 9% from the planned rationalization of lower margin flour business and the continuing competitive activity experienced in the category. Despite the decrease in volume, Pillsbury brand sales in the third quarter were equal to the prior year, reflecting the benefits of sales mix and pricing. The branded canned milk business continued to experience softness due to competitive activity resulting in an overall 5% volume decline in milk in the third quarter. Segment profit in the quarter decreased 12% with segment margin declining by more than 200 basis points to 12.4%. The decrease reflects the net impact of pricing actions along with higher costs for milk, sugar and soybean oil.  And finally, Special Markets net sales and volumes both increased 7%. In Canada, volume gains were driven by the pickles, baking and coffee categories. Due to the temporary withdrawal of several competitors' products, our Bick’s pickles brand experienced above normal volume growth in the quarter that is not expected to be sustained. Foreign exchange also favorably contributed to the increase in sales.  International foods business, volume was up 20% for the quarter, reflecting an increase in the non-branded side of the business. Segment profit declined 8% in the quarter, reflecting the incremental impairment charge I spoke to earlier, although partially offset by the favorable impact of sales mix, segment margin decreased nearly 200 basis points from 14.2% to 12.3%. However, if you exclude the impairment charges in both periods, segment margin would have improved by 220 basis points over the prior year.  Turning to commodity costs. Market prices for the majority of our key raw materials continue to increase. Since the beginning of the calendar year, we took price increases on coffee, oil and baking products. We will continue to monitor the situation closely to determine whether further pricing actions will be required as the most recent movement in commodities will not fully impact us until next fiscal year.  Let me conclude my section with a few comments on cash. As expected, cash provided by operations was significant with nearly $375 million generated in the third quarter. This brings the year-to-date total to $394 million compared to $512 million for the first nine months of last year. The year-over-year difference continues to primarily reflect the $80 million impact in the change and timing of income tax payments we discussed with you earlier in the year.  With year-to-date capital expenditures of $111 million, our nine months free cash flow is approximately $283 million. We are tracking towards a range of $400 million to $450 million for the full year. Key factors that could impact the final free cash flow would be the timing of capital spending on our new facilities in New Orleans and Orrville and the impact of increasing commodity costs on raw material inventory purchases. We now expect capital expenditures for the year to approximate $175 million.  With that, I will now like to turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Smucker: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. As Tim noted, we are pleased to have delivered another quarter of strong financial results, adding to what has already been a solid year of performance. We feel positive about the strength of our business and our brands and the plans that we have going into next year. Certainly, the increase in commodities is a concern. While there are a number of improving signs in our economy, we recognize that for many, value is still top of mind when it comes to food purchases. We will continue to take a balanced approach to pricing, share of market and profitability. As we look to conclude fiscal 2011, we expect full-year net sales to increase 4% over last year. This is slightly higher than last quarter's guidance and is primarily reflective of the volume gains seen in the third quarter and the recent pricing actions, particularly in Coffee. Non-GAAP income per diluted share is now anticipated to be in the range of $4.60 to $4.65, including the $0.10 impact of impairment charges recorded in this quarter. The range also includes the impact of share repurchases made to date, but does not include any impact of future share repurchases as they would not be material for this quarter. Consistent with our definition of non-GAAP measures, this range excludes restructuring and merger and integration costs now estimated to be between $0.65 and $0.70 per diluted share for the full fiscal year. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter with record sales, non-GAAP earnings per share and cash flow. Second, although commodity costs continue to rise, we are addressing these challenges effectively and responsibly. The strength of our leading brands, our ability to react swiftly and our disciplined approach give us confidence for continued growth. Third, reflecting the strength of our business, we repurchased over 3% of our outstanding shares and announced a 10% increase in our quarterly dividends during the quarter. Fourth, beginning next fiscal year, we expect future dividend adjustments will be considered by the board for the dividend payable in September of each year. This, combined with the additional share repurchase authorization, provides further opportunities to enhance shareholder value. And finally, we would like to thank our employees for their continued commitment to our brands, to our strategy and to each other, which is key to our long-term growth. Thank you for your time today, and we'd now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess my first question has to do with the lack of kind of elasticity that you saw across the portfolio. As you've kind of increased prices as the fiscal year has progressed, maybe you could kind of talk about kind of the retailer and consumer reaction you've seen and how much promotion was kind of -- we didn't see in the top line? And did that, the effective use of promotion, help you in terms of generating what seems like a low level of elasticity?
Richard Smucker: Why don't we take it by each of our businesses, probably the best way to describe it.
Vincent Byrd: Eric, this is Vince. As you know, and most of you have reported given where coffee prices have been, it would indicate that the effect of elasticity would be much greater than what we saw during the quarter and year-to-date. And as Mark said, I think our volume was down 2% in the quarter in Coffee. And I would just like to make the point though, that's on a difficult comp of last year, we were up 4%. I guess we're very, very pleased. The bottom line is we're very, very pleased given the volume, how it reacted in the quarter and particularly given some of the competitive activity in the major retailers. So net-net, we're very pleased, but I think it's also fair to say we're in uncharted territory given coffee sitting at 14-year highs. I will say that we are seeing some volume being shifted to non-measured channels, and again as the consumers shop from different outlets, we’re seeing the benefit of that.
Steven Oakland: Eric, it's Steve. If we look at the Consumer business and I think we talked each quarter, we reduced our peanut butter list price to reflect the lower cost of peanuts that we've experienced this year, and we were the only major brand to do that. And so we saw our branded volume every day on some key sizes, on 28 ounce and 40 ounce and those value sizes, come down below some key deciles. So that allowed us to use marketing mix and use promotional spending that wasn't as deep as the stuff we saw competitively. We saw 10 for $10s and all of this other stuff going on between private label and branded, but we were able to get the everyday price right, put incremental promotion where we needed to, but stack the marketing mix against it. Really pleased with the response.
Paul Wagstaff: Eric, this is Paul. On the Oils and Baking side, specifically speaking to Crisco, we did take a price decline in the second quarter and that was really meant to close the price gaps on shelf, and I think we were able to achieve that. You could see we were up 27%. We did have some additional spending, so we did buy some of that share back, but we felt that we did get a low point in how much share we're willing to see erode. And we felt actually pretty good with the results of that volume gain in the third quarter.
Mark Smucker: I would say in Canada -- this is Mark Smucker. We have a pretty broad portfolio of products there and generally speaking, our promotions both in the Fall Bake in the baking area, as well as across some other categories like coffee, have been very effective. We have seen some easing of competitive activity and that obviously helped us as well.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: And then I guess my follow-up question would be to Mark. And I just kind of want to understand, I'm not sure whether you're prepared to go into kind of fiscal 2012, but I suppose you're going to get some significant kind of tax breaks on some of the production that you're doing in the U.S. given the tax code. And as your pricing flows through, you should get back some of the working capital usage in the cash flow statement, and obviously, you have the goodwill amortization, which kind of hides some of your cash flow versus the income statement. So when you look out, I mean, is it the combination of those things that could make cash flow grow pretty strongly next year? And is that why I guess, Richard, you commented on both the buyback and the dividend moves over the next year or so?
Mark Belgya: Yes, this is Mark. Eric, I'll start. In terms of cash flow, we recognize that we have taken our free cash flow down from our original estimate we gave this year, and you really hit on the point on the working capital. We knew that we had -- the change in the tax payment timing was going to be a negative, and that basically is something that we benefited on last year. Even though at the negative, we were able to defer tax payment by a few months or so, and the result was, it was a good thing. But clearly, the increase in commodities and particularly in coffee is driving our increase in inventory. It's really dollar-driven because we've been able to manage our units very well, particularly in finished goods unit, so it's clearly a cost issue here. So as those costs ultimately turn, there will be a benefit. Now I can't say that's going to be next year but whenever that does occur, that will benefit. In terms of taxes, I think we would say we have a fairly good tax rate being a North American-based company. We do benefit as we commented time to time on this U.S. tax deduction that we do get for our U.S.-based production. So obviously, we're not sure what all is going to change in the tax laws as they work through them, but I wouldn't see a major change in that. But bottom line is we would expect cash flow to improve as the commodities soften. We're obviously, going to generate good cash flow in the coming years, and that just adds to the confidence in our willingness to both buy back shares and to consistently increase our dividend.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. I'll just add to that. As you know, we do have very strong balance sheet. And at the price that our stock is currently trading at, our multiple is one that -- investment in our stock is a very good investment for the company and for our shareholders, so we anticipate that going into the future.
Operator: We go next to Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I had two questions on coffee. First, just from a cost perspective, is there any way to sort of quantify the magnitude of coffee inflation that you've seen so far in your P&L either year-to-date or in the third quarter because some of the hedges that are in place, obviously, insulates you right now from feeling the full brunt of the price increases. So I'm just trying to get a sense of how much you felt in your P&L? And then directionally, how does that sort of play out assuming spot prices in fiscal '12?
Vincent Byrd: This is Vince. We wouldn't give I guess the specifics, but I will say in the third quarter, coffee costs were up. I'll give you a range between 25% and 30% roughly year-on-year. And then on a going forward basis, obviously, we just took a price increase in early February. But I would say that again, without giving specifics given our position, we did not price to where the coffee is trading today. And so we would look at if something doesn't happen in a reduction, we may be faced with another review of that in the first quarter.
Mark Belgya: Judy, this is Mark Belgya. Just to add to that kind of your comment, clearly, the costs, they have just consistently risen through the first 10 months of the fiscal year. We're going to see the full-year impact of much that next year. And kind of to Vince's point, we are going to have to look at prices in probably a number of our categories. But next year's cost will be up significant even in comparison to this year, which was obviously, a very high increase year as well.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And your point is that you need to see another price increase that's really fully offset the cost if you look at fiscal '12?
Mark Belgya: Unless the market backs in.
Vincent Byrd: Unless the market.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then the second question is in terms of your K-Cup. I think you called out that it added about four points of sales in the third quarter. So it seems like the run rate is something like $20 million for the quarter and then $80 million for the full year or so. Is that kind of a good full run rate to use for the full year? What sort of ACV distribution do you have currently? And if you can just talk about some of the progress that you've seen? And if you have any target distribution, number of SKUs, that you can give us a little bit more color on.
Vincent Byrd: Yes, sure. Well, first of all, I will say that the K-Cup acceptance by retailers and consumers has exceeded our expectations given it’s only been in the marketplace for four months. Very, very rough numbers, on a four-week basis, we have about a 60% ACV on Folgers and about a 30% to 35% on the Millstone brands. But again, it's still early days, we're still gaining distribution. You have to keep in mind there's a little bit of seasonality to K-Cups, which we are learning. But we would continue to -- we're going to continue to grow the category and hopefully, grow our brand. So the estimate that you use is probably in the range. A lot depends on what goes on in the environment, but probably where you are is not too far off at this point. But given that it's far exceeded our expectations at this point, we're revisiting our objectives.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And was there any profit impact in sort of that magnitude? Or was that a lot of investment?
Vincent Byrd: No, actually the profitability is equal to or better than our corporate average.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Could you just give us some color on your Folgers and Dunkin'? In the fiscal third quarter, it was Dunkin' that really fueled the growth in volume or the volume in Coffee. Recently, you've seen a lot go on in the Coffee category. And we've noticed that on shelf, in many places, Starbucks Coffee is actually equal in price to Dunkin' where it's historically, it sells at a premium. And recently, you've had comments by Kraft saying that they are going to take higher pricing in their brand. So have you seen a flip in terms of your brands as Folgers volume increased recently? And has Dunkin' been pressured?
Vincent Byrd: So Farha, a couple of points. First of all, in specialty or gourmet, it's fair to say that we have now taken three price increases and the main competitor has not, and so that gap has significantly narrowed or in some cases, gone unfavorable to us. We're all aware there's a lot of activity going on in that relationship. Having said that, again we were up, I think, 8% in the quarter and that was on an 18% growth in last year's third quarter. Relative to Folgers and Maxwell House, again, prices are up for both of us, but our merchandising prices and our unpromoted prices are up higher than our competition. And in a major retailer, they chose to investment in spend back and gain share significantly during the third quarter. In terms of what we were seeing, yes, we're starting to see with their announcement and our announcement in February, prices are starting to being reflected on shelf.
Richard Smucker: It's Richard. I think there's more rational [ph] pricing starting to come to the marketplace. Everyone knows that these commodity costs are up, so I think most consumer product companies are looking at the promotional budget and believing that it's not wise for the consumer or their shareholders to continue to deep discount. So I think everybody is re-evaluating, which I think will be good for us.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And as my follow-up, could you comment on the M&A environment that you're seeing right now? Are there opportunities to invest your cash in new businesses?
Richard Smucker: This is Richard, and I'll let Tim add to this too, but the answer is there's always opportunities. And as we've said before, there's a number of brands out there that we think would be nice fits with our company, and there's probably a little more activity now than we've seen in the last couple of years in terms of ideas. But again, those are hit and miss. You just have to do it at the right time, but we're always in the market.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Any particular category?
Richard Smucker: Our center of the store is our strategy, so there are a number of categories in center of the store that you can imagine. None that we're going to talk about today on the call. But when you walk down each aisle, you could imagine there's some good fits with Smucker's.
Operator: We'll go now to Jane Gelfand with Barclays Capital.
Jane Gelfand: Obviously, there is a lot of sort of investor concern about how you deal with a 14-year high in coffee prices. So you, clearly, have a history and a legacy of dealing in more commodity-oriented categories. So I'm wondering could you maybe compare and contrast what it's like, what it's been like for you to kind of price against the spike in coffee? This is your first experience whether it be relative to some of your other categories, whether it be in the context of competitive set of dynamics that may be different, hedging practices that may be different, maybe a consumer behavior that's different given it's a category where there's more kind of a habitual presence or and in general, whether it's easier or maybe harder to kind of stay in line with that cost curve or even potentially get ahead of it?
Tim Smucker: This is Tim. Let me just have an overall comment and then turn it over to whomever here on the team. But certainly, we look at value as more than just price, and certainly our dedication to quality, the consumer buying over and over again. So this is not new to us, although the spike's a little bit bigger than we've been used to. But clearly, the consumer does understand and appreciate long-term receiving the same quality year in, year out, time in, time out. And that's what why we want to invest in the brands long term. So just to provide, that's center of our thinking, and we'll continue to be that. So value is up a lot more than price.
Vincent Byrd: So, Jane, this is Vince. I guess I would add a couple of thoughts. First of all, we just have a very solid team working in the Coffee business as we do in our other brands, and the expertise that has come to us in green coffee and previously in the oils area from Procter has just been very, very helpful. And so clearly, coffee is unique. I think 14-year highs are issues that we're -- and the volatility we're dealing with every day. But I do think it gets back to one thing, and that's the benefit of having number one brands and leading price up or down, being transparent with customers and acting responsibly. And sure, we internally discuss and debate what's the market going to be in the future. But when 80% of the commodity is being traded by non-roasters or people who really need the coffee, so to speak, it's a challenge, but I still think it gets back to the strength of our brands and our ability to implement through our sales team.
Jane Gelfand: Maybe just as a follow-up, I know you won't necessarily comment specifically on fiscal '12 at this point. But as we think about your long-term algorithm, maybe excluding acquisition, we're looking at kind of 6% to 8% earnings growth without a deal, and there are some puts and takes as we think about next year whether it be the $0.10 of impairment charges you absorbed in this quarter or the share repo of 5 million that you've authorized in January. Some potential for underlying core growth. So I guess, is there's something that you see at this stage from a kind of pricing inflation standpoint that may either prevent you or help you to get closer to where the street expects at that point? And whether you’ve thought about that?
Mark Belgya: Well, yes. Jane, this is Mark. I mean, we clearly think about that. But again, just to ground everyone, I think that it's consistent with what we've done in the past. As you know, we'll certainly give more color at our year-end call specific to our plans. But I just think in terms of looking out next year, you mentioned a number of items, some non-recurring, some opportunities to increase EPS such as buyback. If you go back to Tim's point, clearly, prices is one of the levers that we do utilize to address these rising commodity costs, but we do have opportunities. As you're aware of, we're undertaking a major restructuring project across many of our plants though we'll get some additional benefit from that, and then we just continue to look at discretionary spending, particularly in times like this. Pricing though, we've taken a number of price increases throughout the year that will continue to benefit us on a full year basis next year. So although we've talked specifically about the rising cost, we do know that some of those costs have been covered already just by the full-year benefit of pricing. But we'll continue to look for opportunities to offset that if the market stays as it is, and we'll just add more clarity as we get closer to year end.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Scott Mushkin with Jefferies & Company.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So I just wanted to get into the K-Cup business a little bit more. Clearly, the volumes were nice in the quarter, helpful for the business. But I guess as we've looked at the K-Cup, I guess our concern is growing about what it may do to the coffee market. I think there's some interesting data out of New England saying that K-Cups are taking some tremendous share up there. I mean, do you share these concerns about what they might do to the ground coffee market over time? And obviously, you're in a strategic relationship right now, but is there anything else strategically you could do to offset this threat to the ground coffee business?
Vincent Byrd: Well, I guess our response is, is that the reason we chose to align with Green Mountain and Keurig is because we think that they are, at least at this point, the clear winner in the category. And we said before like any of our categories, we like to participate in all segments, and so that's why we chose to get in it as quickly as we did. The teams did a great job of engaging with Green Mountain. We have a great relationship with them. Household penetration is still, I believe, 4% to 6% or something like that. Again, it's still a $0.55 to $0.60 cup of coffee versus roasted ground, which is still going to be in that $0.10 to $0.15 range. And even a gourmet brand is maybe 2x to 3x that, but not anywhere near $0.50. And so I think we all believe roasted ground will be around for a long time.
Richard Smucker: And this is Richard. We've been in the business long enough that we've seen a lot of these trends and some stick and do well. We think this is one that's going to do well and just continue to be a major part of the category. But we're in the organic business and have been for a number of years, and that's not as big as anyone anticipated it was. But 10 years ago, everybody thought that was going to be 20% of the industry well it's still down in less than 5%. So I think we have to be engaged in all of these, but we also have to make sure that we take a realistic look, and that's what we do.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Is the switch from ground coffee to K-Cups -- I know you said it's good for the overall margins of the business, but is it good for the Coffee segment profits?
Vincent Byrd: Not currently. But again, we are investment spending in it. But we're very pleased where the margins sit today vis-à-vis our overall corporate average.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then this is kind of along the lines with Jane's questions, but I'm going to try to see if I -- maybe just trying to understand the math as we get to the fourth quarter. It seems to indicate the Street estimates are too high, maybe some margin pressure here is my guess driven by input costs. I mean, are these -- as we look at the fourth quarter, maybe the beginning of next year, is this kind of what you guys see with what's going on with commodity price, that there's going to be a little bit of pressure?
Mark Belgya: Well, yes, I mean, I think to some degree, clearly where costs are, there's going to be a little bit. I mean we were coming off particularly in Coffee, but just generally coming off of really three strong quarters of margin. But still our expectation for overall operating margin is still pretty strong. But we see some erosion in gross profit. But one thing, Scott, and just keep in mind, and we've sort of been consistent in this message each quarter, is that last year's fourth quarter was unusually strong. I mean, we caught up some specific such as taxes. But it was extremely strong, and we still project a very good fourth quarter. But I think that there was maybe a little more optimism from those of you on the phone at the outset of the year. But still project a very good quarter.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: The organic market I think, Mark, someone talked about it and said it was up 20%, your organic business, natural and organic business. And I think you said there was some private label -- I didn't quite catch what you said about that. I just wanted to clarify. What's the organic growth of your organic business if you're going to look at the branded stuff?
Mark Belgya: Well, yes, the branded stuff business is still very good. I mean, Santa Cruz Natural and R.W. Knudsen brands continue to grow. The private label business, which is a limited customer, is sort of a peak and valley type thing, and they just had a very strong quarter. But clearly, our base business which we call our branded business is up for the quarter as well.
Mark Smucker: Yes, this is Mark Smucker. I would just add to that, that in the script, we talked about overall, the industry is doing well. That is driven by the larger customers not as much the smaller customers, and we have seen some rebound across that entire industry, and our branded business for the quarter at least was driven more by the natural beverages versus the organic beverages. But overall, it's still a very healthy business.
Operator: And now we go to Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Could you walk us through your take on what's happening right now with green coffee bean prices? On the last call, you said I think that prices were high in part because of financial speculation. And that seems to be true, and I think you reiterated that today. But it also seems that maybe there's a bit of a supply issue from last year's crop still and demand keeps improving from Brazil and China, et cetera. So maybe if you could update us on your outlook there and how you see the fundamental situation? That would be useful.
Vincent Byrd: Ken, this is Vince, and also I read your report this morning. Clearly, there is starting to be some impact of fundamentals versus speculation. As you point out, the Brazilian crop -- we’re going in what's called the off year, but the projections still at this point, although early, are that it's going to be a very good crop vis-à-vis that every-other-year cycle. You're clearly right that demand in Brazil and other developing countries is taking some of the, taking better coffee. We all know that Colombia has been under pressure for a couple of years. So yes, there are clearly some fundamental issues going on, which has probably helped supporting where the price is. But it's hard to put a percent on how much is driven by fundamentals versus speculation. When again, you have 80% of the coffee being traded is not from [ph] financial institutions basically. But yes, you are right. I would say that we probably have changed our view on that over the last nine months in terms of what's driving some of the cost pressures.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: You mentioned that Coffee did well in drug and warehouse channels. Is there something you're doing there that's new and improved? Or is it more that you're going with those channels? I'm just hoping to get some color there on how to think about continued growth going forward.
Vincent Byrd: Yes, I think I'd say a couple of things. First of all, clearly, Folgers has brought to us an emphasis on some of the more non-measured, non-traditional grocery channels than we had before, and that's benefiting not only Coffee, but some of our other brands as well. So it gets down to the value proposition of the pricing in those channels vis-à-vis maybe more traditional grocery. And again, if the competitor chose to maybe go after some traditional grocery or a major competitor in some cases, we might have been a better value in some of those alternative channels. But as a mix, if you would look at the Smucker Company mix of sales shipped over the years, a greater percent of our business is in more non-traditional channels than what it would have been, say, two to five years ago.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I wanted to ask about sort of the coffee inflation issue in terms of how you think about your use of cash. Because when I think about acquisitions versus buyback, I'm not convinced that there's a lot out there that you can buy that has a better value than your stock here. But at the same time, I kind of wonder how you think about just the value of diversification as your cost base just given what you're seeing in the Coffee business and how you -- the value you placed on that when you think about the importance of acquisitions to your model.
Mark Belgya: Well, we agree with your opening comment about the stock price. Ed, one of the things that we've shown time and again, really since the Folgers acquisition, and I know you're aware of it, is what we call our cash and capital deployment schedule. And we show that the four primary uses or deployments of cash would be in acquisition, capital expenditures, dividend and stock buyback. And we do evaluate each of those, and we've always said that acquisitions is our primary use because that's what going to drive the growth of the company long term, and that's our strategy. But there are times whether what is available on the M&A environment or such that we will look to buy back the stock. And so the divesting question is -- it's certainly a factor that we look at. We recognize that Coffee is 40% of our sales. On the other side, there's synergies when you have leadership in the category, so just part of the decision-making process as we look at acquisitions. So we're not consciously being driven trying to diversify. It's sort of just naturally happened over the years. We've been in other situations where it seemed a little heavier and through our transactions, it sort of balances itself out over time.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then, Vince, obviously, this level of inflation presents of a lot of unknowns. And I know you're not prepared to comment on fiscal '12 yet, but can you tell us at this point in time, you expect that you can get growth in your segment profits in Coffee next year? Or maybe to ask the question in another way, is there some level of Coffee price inflation that would, in your opinion, kind of derail your growth model?
Vincent Byrd: No. I mean, again, our objective is to grow our segment profit each year, year-on-year, by our strategic objectives, and that's what our goals are.
Richard Smucker: I may add, this is Richard. If you look at the categories that we're in, the frequency of purchase in most of our categories is not that often. And even Coffee, which is the most frequent, for example, jams and jellies, people purchase about 3x to 4x a year. So if the price goes up 10%, they're not going to -- not purchase their jam because they're only buying it once every three months. Coffee is still only about is less than once a month, and so it's about 10x a year. So Coffee could go up, but I don't think you're going to stop drinking it if it goes up a couple of dollars a can. Obviously there's some level that we wouldn't want to go above, but I think we're still in a good range.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And just one quick follow-up if I could. The price increases that you had taken through the quarter that you just reported I think would have implied about 13% or 14% price growth and the price growth came in higher than that. I'm wondering was that mix? Or was that more just lower trade spending than maybe you had in the prior year?
Mark Belgya: It's primarily overall mix.
Operator: For our next question, we go to David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: In the past, you guys have commented that hedges have often been in advantageous positions relative to the prices that you've announced. You were pretty clear on that a couple of quarters ago. Given that you've announced this new 10% price increase, can you also say that the green coffee positions you've taken will put you in a favorable position going forward for the next five months?
Vincent Byrd: Well, not to what we've experienced fiscal year-to-date. Again, we try to be as transparent. I think you've heard us talk about our position tends to be an average between 18 and 22 weeks. We tend to be a little longer on some of the specialty coffees. But again, as I mentioned earlier, we didn't take the price as soon as our competitor did because we didn't need to. And then secondly, as we're looking at where coffee sits today, our current pricing structure would not cover that entirely once we get through our position. So we would have to look at another change in the first, potentially in the first quarter. Did I answer your question, David?
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Not really. The question was, so basically two quarters ago you had said that you took the 9% price increase and you said that the 9% price increase didn't reflect current spot values. However, you also said at the time that the green coffee hedges that you had in place were favorable such that you would see kind of better-than-average margins. It's not necessarily where the spot price is, it's always where you put your retail price versus your green coffee hedges in the variance between those two. And it looks to me like basically the way I think about it is that you guys buy your green coffee, you set your prices relative to those green coffee positions and usually it's going to be a little bit advantageous.
Vincent Byrd: I suppose that's true in a general sense, but as Mark, I think, pointed out earlier, our gross margin percent actually went down in the quarter because we're not necessarily maintaining those margins at a gross profit level. But again, hopefully, I'm answering your question.
Richard Smucker: Well, our strategy in up market like this is to protect penny profits, and we're going to be doing that hopefully this year and next. But the margins can be squeezed, percentage margins can be squeezed.
Tim Smucker: This is Tim. As Richard had said earlier, pricing is not the only leverage here. And we're in this for the long term. We've made significant steps in terms of restructuring. We're in the middle of. We also make significant steps in terms of cost efficiencies and as we have other discretionary spending. So all of those things come into play. So I think maybe we sometimes forget those, all of us do. So just keep that in mind.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Was there anything peculiar about the shipment pattern of coffee in the quarter? Just what I'm trying to get a sense of, was there anything strange in the year-ago shipment patterns that would make the percentage calculation on coffee shipments hard to interpret? Was there any reason that you might have taken volume forward into Q3 from Q4?
Vincent Byrd: No. Again, customers speculate they knew that price increase was coming. Our team manages those orders very, very closely. This is the same question we got at the end of the first quarter, the second quarter, and I will just say you can look on a quarter-to-date, we're basically down I think 2% and it might fluctuate a little bit. But we don't allow forward buy. Now does that say a customer is not loading a little bit? Sure. But for the most part, it's not load.
Operator: Now we go to Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research.
Alex Bisson - FTN Midwest: This is Alex sitting in for Chuck. I got two questions for you on mix. First as you look broadly across the portfolio, what does the change in mix tell you about where the consumer's headed at? Are you seeing some more trading up? Or are you still seeing a lot of interest in promotions and deals? What can you tell us kind of where the consumer's head is at?
Steven Oakland: Alex, Steve Oakland. Yes, we do see that. I mean obviously, value is key both for the consumer and the retailer. The retailer wants the right value items. They want coffee items or peanut butter items, those kinds of things on the front page of their ad. I think what we proved in the quarter is you don't have to go rock-bottom to make it happen. You can stack offers. You can have coupons and consumer offers and advertising as well as price. What they are shopping some of the, and I think Vince spoke to this earlier, some of the other channels, the margins that club take on basic food items are way below what traditional grocery takes. And so that provides great value, and so those customers who shop at those channels are getting great value and have recognized that. So I think some of the alternative volume is coming just because those channels are capable of taking lower margins on the business. I guess I'll look at the other guys for this. But there's no question that both the retailer and the consumers are still -- value is still key.
Vincent Byrd: Yes, I guess one thing we still have is the K-Cup is significant in terms of dollars per EU or per volume. And so as we settle out on K-Cups, we're going to have a favorable mix as we grow that business.
Alex Bisson - FTN Midwest: I guess that kind of alludes to my second question on mix then. As you noted in the press release and on the call here, mix was a pretty big benefit to overall coffee sales. It sounds like K-Cups were a piece of it. What else is going on in the mix there? And can you talk about what that's doing to profitability of the business?
Vincent Byrd: It's Dunkin'. So as Dunkin' was up I think 8% or something in the quarter and Folgers being down slightly, again, the net sales dollar value would help drive a favorable mix position, and profitability would be in line with or better than corporate or the Coffee margins.
Steven Oakland: Well, and if we look at the Consumer business, we typically don't comment on specific fruits, and there's a number of variables in that business. But this particular year, it's been a tough year on the grape crop, the Concord grape crop. So our mix has shifted to strawberry. And as you know, we're the largest producer, probably, globally of strawberry jam, and that has affected our business profitably and the consumer’s responded to that. So the consumer has responded to strawberry jam versus grape jelly at a higher price based on the strength of the brand, the strength of the merchandising effort.
Operator: We move now to Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research: Can I ask about the marketing spending versus promotional spending here? It seems, I think you mentioned that you've been trimming the marketing spending a little bit. As you look forward, are you comfortable with the ratio of that spending on the advertising versus promotional front? Or do you think you'll be pushing things in one direction or the other perhaps going out into next year?
Paul Wagstaff: Alexia, this is Paul. On the Oils and Baking side, we really did transition some of the marketing spend to promotional dollars on a price perspective, really on the Crisco business primarily just to ensure that we get some of that volume back, and we would hope going forward, we'd be able to continue our balanced approach on the pricing, share of market and profitability.
Steven Oakland: And then, Alexia, in the Consumer business, I think we published that our marketing spend, traditional marketing spend was up 5%, maybe equal to volume. So in those businesses where we think we've got some great new advertising, we put some stuff out of the holidays that got us great response, and we have plans that we're excited about for next year. So we don't see that percentage changing.
Vincent Byrd: And in Coffee, as we have said before, our marketing really isn't down versus the prior year. In absolute sense it is because we choose to investment spend last year given where green was. I would like to state though that coupon redemption, which is up in sales deducts, if you take that into account, our marketing for the quarter was basically equal to last year. But on a going-forward basis, I think it's probably at the levels that you're seeing this year we've not cut marketing.
Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research: And as a follow-up, one of the big themes of 2010 was that a lot of SKU rationalization across the industry. I think we've been hearing that some of that maybe being reversed at this point. Can you just comment on whether you're seeing that happen or whether that's actually not a big effect that you're seeing right now?
Vincent Byrd: Yes, sure. Let me make a macro statement and then each SBA can chime in. But it's clear that there was a number of key retailers that have those programs. First of all, we tend to benefit in those because being the number one or two brands, that ends up being more shelf space for us even if some of our SKUs have been cut. But I will say that at least a couple of major retailers have reversed those actions, and we have equal to or more SKUs than we might have had when the initiatives were started, And I'll now turn it to Paul or Steve.
Paul Wagstaff: Yes, this is Paul. I'll just add to that, that we don't have -- in some of our portfolio, we don't have all the number one brands, so we did see a negative impact when that SKU rationalization was taking place, and we have seen those SKUs be added back.
Steven Oakland: And then if we look at the specifically the fruit spread business as you know, we have a number of sizes, flavors and sugar profiles or sweetness profile, and some of those were taken out -- to Vince's comment earlier, in most of those retailers we have equal to or more SKUs on the shelf today. I think the consumers spoke in the end, and the consumer wants those items, that's why we make them. And we do a lot of work to make sure those items fit what the consumer wants. And those retailers who took them out listened to their consumer, and we're glad to see them back on the shelf.
Mark Smucker: I would just add that in Canada, we have not seen that reversal, that SKU rationalization, and the pressure on the amount of items in any given category continued. There may be a couple of exceptions to that. But overall, I think that, that in Canada may be a little different.
Operator: We go now to Robert (sic)[Mitchell] Pinheiro with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: What's the status and the likelihood of introducing a Dunkin' Donuts K-Cup?
Vincent Byrd: As we've said before, we're focused on the two brands, and we're very pleased with the results of where we are. So not likely to be in the near term.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: You do have the right to introduce -- I mean you sell Dunkin' Coffee at grocery by contract, is there something in this contract that precludes you from doing that? A K-Cup for Dunkin'?
Vincent Byrd: Yes, there are some limitations, and we're -- so yes, there are some limitations, yes.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: And then last question is do you view at all Folgers' Red Can in the position to capture trade down in the coffee category?
Vincent Byrd: To capture trade down?
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Yes, to capture trade down from higher-priced super premium brands as these coffee prices continue to go up. There is general inelasticity in the category but there is movement from top to bottom. Would you anticipate Folgers being in a position to capture just being in sort of the more value segment?
Vincent Byrd: Yes, I think the answer to that is yes. But I mean again, the gourmet or specialty category continues to grow even in these tougher times. But there's a couple of segments within Red Can that we are focused on. One is Black Silk and the other is what we call Special Roast, and we put a lot of support behind those. And both of those brands are growing very, very nicely, and yet we still have a lot of distribution opportunities for them. So yes, I suppose to answer your question, yes, but we're certainly not giving up on the growth of the Specialty or Gourmet segment.
Richard Smucker: I would add that lot of us around here drink Black Silk. It's one of the best coffees you can find for anywhere regardless of the price, and it's doing very, very well.
Operator: We go next for a follow-up question from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Just wanted to ask you a question at my conference back in December, you made some interesting comments about looking for acquisitions internationally. Can you give us an update on your thought process on this? How developed is this? And is there really anything on the near-term horizon? Or was this more a very much long-term statement?
Mark Smucker: This is Mark Smucker. I would say that, obviously, we wouldn't comment about anything specific, but we are very focused on China, and we are engaged in China. We are in the process of just, at a very minimal level, we have started once again to export some products there and looking to establish some sort of a representative office. So that does not preclude our interest in having some type of meaningful presence there, and as you know, those things are sort of hit or miss. They come and go, but we are very engaged. We have a lot of feelers out in the market, and we're looking.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: So it really sounds like quite a serious effort on your part. Is that a fair statement?
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. Yes, this is serious. We think that that's some place we need to be, and the timing on international is long term. But it's certainly -- we're spending management time and dollars.
Operator: We take our follow-up now from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co: You mentioned that K-Cups are doing extremely well right now but there's a potential roadblock ahead that I wanted to ask about, and that's Green Mountain's Keurig patent and patents. What's your understanding of what happens to the category, the single-serve category when that patent expires? Do you expect the entry of competitors' products into the category? Or maybe it's not the right way to think about it?
Vincent Byrd: Ken, I don't know that we would comment on that. We've worked with Green Mountain and we know where they are protected. They feel very, very comfortable with where they're protected. There is a private label entry as we speak. But again, we evaluated all of that when we got together with the folks at Green Mountain and feel very comfortable where we are. So that's probably a better question for them.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that's all the time we have for questions. Gentlemen, I'll turn the conference back over to you to conclude.
Richard Smucker: Well, thank you for your interest and time for participating. And a number of us look forward to seeing hopefully many of you down at CAGNY next week. Thanks so much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 1 (888) 203-1112 or 1 719-0820, with a pass code of 4716986 or by accessing the website for a downloadable MP3 format. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you, all, for participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2010-11-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Belgya – Chief Financial Officer Tim Smucker – Chairman and Co-CEO Richard Smucker – Executive Chairman and Co-CEO Vince Byrd – President, Coffee Business Steve Oakland – President, Smucker’s, Jif and Hungry Jack Mark Smucker – President, Special Markets Paul Wagstaff – President, Oils and Baking
Analysts: Farha Aslam – Stephens Equity Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein Chuck Cerankosky – Northcoast Research Ken Goldman – J.P. Morgan Jason English – Goldman Sachs Jane Gelfand – Barclays Capital Jon Anderson – William Blair Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer & Co. Eric Serotta – Wells Fargo Securities Scott Mushkin – Jefferies & Company Mitch Pinheiro – Janney Capital Markets Karen Lamark – Federated Investors
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company’s Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company we will open the conference up for questions-and-answers after the presentation. Please limit yourself to two initial questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you then have additional questions. I will now turn the conference over the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Mark Belgya. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Belgya: Good morning, everyone. And welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us. On the call from the company are Tim Smucker, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO; Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman and Co-CEO; Vince Byrd, President of Coffee Business; Steve Oakland, President of Smucker’s, Jif and Hungry Jack; Mark Smucker, President of Special Markets; and Paul Wagstaff, President, Oils and Baking. After this brief introduction, I will turn the call over to Tim for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter and Richard will provide closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments we will be available to answer your questions. If you’ve not seen our press release it is available on our website at smuckers.com. A replay of this call is available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today’s call, please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. I would like to remind you that in both the prepared comments and during the question-and-answer period that follows we may make forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure of statement in the press release concerning such forward-looking statements. I also want to point out the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release and on our website. I’ll now turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Smucker: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased to report another quarter of earnings growth, even though we continue to operate in a challenging economic and competitive environment. Let me summarize the key highlights for the quarter. First, sales for the quarter increased 1%, excluding the impact of divestitures and foreign exchange. Pricing and favorable mix offset an overall decline in volume. Second, on a non-GAAP basis, operating profit was up 10% and combined with a lower effective income tax rate resulted in a 13% increase in earnings per share. Third, we announced an expansion of our current restructuring project to improve the cost structure of our Canadian pickle and condiments business. And finally, we entered this year’s Fall Bake and Holiday period with strong multi-brand promotional programs that incorporate all of our major brands and we are optimistic about the season. Now, let me provide commentary on each of our four business segments. In our Coffee segment, sales and segment profit were up for the quarter despite a decline in volume. We anticipated volume declines in the quarter due to significant pricing actions taken earlier in the year to offset increased green coffee costs. The decrease driven by Folgers coffee was larger than anticipated as our primary competitor continued to be aggressive with promoted price points. Overall, we remain encouraged as we move through the Holiday period and into the remainder of the fiscal year. Our launch of Folgers Gourmet Selections and Millstone brand K-Cups this quarter, enhances our participation with the single serve category. We are pleased with the K-Cups performance to date as all major customers have accepted the product offering. Primary marketing support of the launch including television advertising began in November. The Dunkin’ Donuts coffee brand is continuing its strong momentum aided by distribution gains, turns on the core business and the success of new product launches and this includes our new Dunkin’ Donuts seasonal items which are all performing well. In the Consumer segment, volume increased 1%, excluding divestitures while net sales declined reflecting the price decrease taken on peanut butter earlier in the fiscal year. During the quarter we concluded a successful back-to-school period despite a very competitive environment particularly in the peanut butter category. We are encouraged by the consumer response to our Jif To Go offering, also the growth of Jif Natural continues to drive share gains in the peanut butter category. Turning to our Oils and Baking segment, unprecedented competitive pricing throughout the quarter contributed to sales in volume declines, compared to a strong second quarter last year. In many instances particularly in the baking business we chose to protect profits over market share. We believe the current aggressive pricing will continue throughout the remainder of the Fall Bake period but are encouraged by the merchandising programs we have in place for the Fall Bake period. Further, the Crisco brand has shown signs of volume improvement over the trends in the previous few quarters. This follows the price decrease taken on Crisco oils to narrow price gaps on everyday basis. Our Special Markets segment had a strong quarter with volume gains realized in all four business areas. This was led by natural foods, which benefited from improving trends in our natural and organic foods categories. Volume gains in Canada were driven by a strong Thanksgiving Holiday period for the baking business. Also, Folgers coffee continues to show significant growth in both the U.S. food service business and from Canada. So, in summary, we are pleased to have delivered another good quarter. As we continue to navigate this challenging environment, we remain committed to responsibly managing our business for the long-term with a focus on balancing volume growth, share market and profitability. I would now like to turn the call back to Mark to have him review the financial results for the quarter.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Tim. Net sales for the quarter were equal with last year and up 1% excluding the impact of divestitures and foreign exchange. Pricing and a favorable sales mix overcame a 4% volume decrease that was driven by declines in our Oils and Baking brands and Folgers coffee in U.S. retail. GAAP earnings per share were $1.25 this quarter and $1.18 in the second quarter of last year, including charges related to restructuring and merger integration activities, excluding these charges earnings per share were $1.38 this quarter and $1.22 in last year’s second quarter, an increase of 13%. The quarter results benefited from a lower tax rate when compared to the prior year, gross profit excluding charges increased $14 million to 39.6% of net sales from 38.5% last year. Reflected in gross profit were unrealized mark-to-market losses on derivative contracts of approximately $6 million. Coffee pricing actions taken earlier in the year relative to the recognition of higher green coffee costs contributed to gross profit in the quarter. As you probably are aware, green coffee futures continue to increase during the quarter and into November hitting new 13-year highs for [America]. If these costs are sustained pricing actions in the future are likely, the impact of other raw material costs was mixed as milk, sugar and soybean oil were higher and peanuts and flour were lower. SG&A expenses declined 4% compared to the prior year and decreased as a percent of net sales from 18.2% to 17.4%, primarily due to a decrease in marketing expenses. You may recall last year’s second quarter included a significant marketing investment in support of brand building initiatives including advertising. We continue to invest in marketing behind our brand with the decrease in the quarter reflecting a return to more normalized level expense. In addition, a portion of the marketing expense decrease was reallocated to support promotional programs particularly in the Oils and Baking segment. Operating income excluding charges increased $24 million for the quarter, if operating margin improving nearly 200 basis points from 18.7% in last year’s second quarter to 20.6% this year. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.5%, compared to 34.9% in last year’s second quarter. This anticipated lower rate in the current year primarily reflects benefits realized from an increased deduction relating to U.S. manufacturing activities along with lower state income taxes. We anticipate the full year effective tax rate to remain comparable to the year-to-date rate of 32%. Now let me turn to our reportable segments starting first with the U.S. retail coffee segment. Net sales increased 7% over the prior year reflecting price increases totaling 13%, taken earlier this fiscal year. This was partially offset by a 7% volume decline and increased trade promotion. The Dunkin’ Donuts brand continued its double-digit volume growth. Introduction of K-Cups during the quarter contributed approximately 2% to net sales in the Coffee segment. Coffee segment profit increased $17 million, representing a 13% increase over the prior year. This reflects the impact pricing versus recognized green coffee costs. Based on our hedge positions we expect to recognize steadily higher green coffee costs as we progress through the fiscal year. Current year segment profit reflected lower marketing expenses as the prior year included significant investment spending in the brand. Sales in our U.S. retail consumer segment were down 6%, primarily due to the divestiture of the potato business along with the impact of the 5% price decrease taken on peanut butter in the first quarter, excluding the divestiture sales declined 2%, while volume increased 1%. As gains in schmuckers fruit spreads and Jiff peanut butter offset by declines in Smucker’s food spread and Jif peanut butter were partially offset by a decline in Smucker’s Uncrustables and toppings. Segment profit increased 5% reflecting lower supply chain and raw material costs along with the favorable sales mix. Marketing in this segment increased during the quarter. Segment margin improved 300 basis points from 24.3% in last year’s second quarter to 27.3% this year. The divestiture of potato business contributed to the margin improvement. In the US retail oils and baking segment net sales and volume for the quarter declined 8% and 10% respectively as the competitive and promotional environment in the oils and baking category continued throughout the quarter. The Pillsbury brand experienced double-digit declines in volume for the quarter, partially due to a planned reduction in flour sales. Decreases in canned milk sales occurred. Volume for the Crisco brand declined 3% while sales decreased by a larger percentage due to decreases taken earlier in the fiscal year. Segment profit in the quarter decreased 10%, and profit margin was lower by 30 basis points. Segment profit which reflected the decline in sales, was also impacted by higher raw material costs and unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on commodity contracts. Sales and volume in the special market segment both increased 4%. The favorable impact of foreign exchange contributed to the increase in sales. All business areas in the segment realized volume gains for the quarter led by natural foods business which was up 12%. Volume gains in Canada along with the growth of Folgers coffee in both the US food server and Canadian business areas also contributed. Segment profit was strong increasing 24% for the quarter, mainly due to coffee price increases taken earlier in the year, lower flour costs and the favorable impact of sales mix. Segment margin increased over 300 basis points from 16.7% to 19.8%.  Turning now to our input costs, we continue to see significant increases in the market price for the majority of our key commodities most notably coffee, wheat, corn and oil. As a result, we now expect fiscal 2011 cost increases to approximate 7% of costs. While we are generally hedged on key commodities from late third quarter to mid fourth quarter in the fiscal year, we will continue to monitor the situation closely to determine appropriate future pricing actions. Let me conclude my remarks with a few comments on cash. Cash provided by operations was $47 million in the quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $20 million. This compares to cash provided by operations of $188 million for the first half of last year. Reflected in the decrease between years is an $80 million impact from a change in the timing of income tax payments which were accrued at year end, but paid in June of this year. An increase in green coffee and other commodity costs along with higher inventory levels also contributed to the year-over-year change. As a reminder, we expect a significant use of cash for working capital during the first half of each fiscal year with a buildup of inventory in advance of fall bake and holiday season and the additional buildup of coffee inventory in advance of the Atlantic hurricane period. We expect the generation of cash to accelerate in the second half of the year as we complete our key seasonal period. We’ve revised our capital expenditures forecast for the year, lowering our full year estimate from $235 million to $200 million. Approximately $25million of this decrease is due to a shift in the timing of expected cash outlays for capital related to the coffee and fruit spreads restructuring project. Although this is a shift in the estimated timing of the cash payments the timing for the overall project remains on track. Capital expenditures related to the project are now estimated at $70 million for fiscal 2011, therefore, taking the impact of the tax payment, working capital, and capital expenditures changes in to account, we would estimate free cash flow to approximate $450 million for fiscal 2011. Lastly, I would like to comment briefly on dividends and potential share repurchase. On November 6, we marked the second anniversary as completing the Folgers merger. This milestone represents the point at which our two-year restriction on repurchasing shares lapsed. We currently have approximately 3.7 million shares accrued or repurchased by our board under previously authorized plan. Our intention would be to begin repurchasing the shares contingent on market factors. Turning to dividends, our stated [payout] target is 40% of annual earnings. We are currently below that goal and the average dividend yield of our peer group. Our board will take this into consideration as they review the future quarterly dividends. I would now like to turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Smucker: Thank you, Mark and good morning everyone. As Tim indicated, the current landscape remains challenging, yet we realized another quarter of earnings growth and are positioned for a good third quarter. We base this outlook on the strength of our brands and a combination of new products and marketing programs in place for the fall bake and holiday period. Marketing activities include several new television ads that are currently airing or are planned for the upcoming holiday period. Within coffee, we have new commercials supporting the Folgers and Dunkin’ Donuts brand as well as the recently launched K-Cups offering. In the food spreads category, our first ever Smucker’s holiday commercial began airing this week. This advertisement is a continuation of the voice campaigning which emphasizes the heritage of the Smucker’s brand. And finally, our national expansion of the Jif to Go product will be supported by increased marketing efforts. Additionally, we continue to invest in digital marketing as an opportunity to leverage technologies and strengthen our relationship with our constituents. This includes the recent launch of social media pages for some of our iconic brands including Folgers, Jif, Pillsbury and Crisco allowing our consumers new opportunities to interact with these brands. Turning now, to operational practices and cost structure, during the quarter we announced the expansion of our current restructuring project to address capacity underutilization in the Canadian pickle and condiments business. This initiative includes transitioning the majority of the Bick’s pickles and condiments production to third party manufacturers in the US, and the closing of our manufacturing facility in Ontario, Canada. Combined with our coffee and food spread supply chain initiatives, we now expect to achieve annual savings of approximately $68 million from these restructuring activities when fully implemented in fiscal 2015, excluding one-time costs. As Mark mentioned the overall timeline related to the project remains on track. With this addition to the restructuring project, we now expect total restructuring and merger integration charges of approximately $125 million in the current year, of which approximately $45 million are cash related. Let me conclude with our outlook for the year. Net sales are expected to increase in excess of 3% for the full year primarily due to pricing actions. Volume for the last six months of the year is projected to be comparable with the prior year. We are increasing our earnings outlook as we now expect non-GAAP income per diluted share to be in the range of $4.55 to $4.65 including amortization expense of approximately $0.40 per share. This guidance excludes restructuring and merger and integration costs which are estimated to range from $0.70 to $0.75 per diluted share for the full fiscal year. The impact of share repurchases is excluded from the range. Consistent with our historical trends, we anticipate a larger portion of the second half earnings per share to fall in the third quarter. Further, although to a much lesser extent than has been in the second quarter, we expect an incremental benefit in the third quarter due to our hedged coffee position relative to price, which is reflected in our earnings range. As a reminder, last year’s third quarter included $10 million of non-cash impairment charges related to the write-down of certain intangible assets. Looking ahead, the impact of higher commodity costs will flow through our results and have the most affect in the fourth quarter. Keep in mind that last year’s fourth quarter included a one-time gain of approximately $13 million from the sale of the potato business. It also benefited from an unusually lower tax rate of 28%. Considering these factors we do not expect to repeat the strong earnings experienced in last year’s fourth quarter. We believe [net] fiscal year earnings per quarter will reflect a more traditional pattern. Overall, we have confidence in our ability to continue to provide long-term growth for our shareholders. So in summary, we delivered another quarter of earnings growth in a challenging environment. Second, although we anticipate further cost escalation in commodity markets, we have a proven ability to navigate our way through these challenges. Third, we feel confident in raising our earnings outlook for the year. And finally, we continue to demonstrate our commitment to enhancing shareholder value through stock repurchases and a strong dividend, and will continue to evaluate alternatives to do so. We thank you for your time today, and now I will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And our first question will come from Farha Aslam with Stephens Equity.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Equity: Good morning. 
Richard Smucker:  Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Equity: Congratulations on a great quarter.
Richard Smucker: Thank you, again.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Equity: First question is, could you just give us some more color about the $6 million mark-to-market loss in the oils and baking division. How -- how does that work?
Mark Belgya:  Sure, it’s Mark. Well the $6 million actually was for the total company for the quarter. But, obviously a portion of it -- but the way it works is there is a couple of different pieces of it. On the oil side, and I won’t get into a lot of technical matters here, but on the oil side we actually deferred gains or losses in hedging and match them to the period we actually used the physical inventory. So, that’s really any hedging gains or losses are put onto the balance sheet. So what flows through the P&L is mark-to-market on primarily wheat or flour hedges because of the rules -- the accounting rules around those hedges. So that’s typically what you will see coming through that would represent the large portion typically in any quarter for all of the segment as it relates to hedging. 
Farha Aslam – Stephens Equity: And that $6 million did include coffee, right? 
Mark Belgya:  That’s everything.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Equity: That’s everything.
Mark Belgya:  That’s all company hedging activity.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Equity: All company. And then my follow-up would be on M&A, could you comment on the M&A environment in what you are seeing out there in terms of acquisition?
Mark Smucker: It’s probably heating up a little bit, although I wouldn’t say it’s out of the normal. Tim as well as Richard (inaudible)
Tim Smucker: I think that’s right. I think we continue to look at a number of opportunities, but it’s not the same as it has been before.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Equity: Any particular areas of interest?
Mark Belgya: We have -- as you know, if you look at our strategy our number one brands sold in several stores primarily North America. So there is a lot of good brands out there, so I think that would be a nice fit with our portfolio.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Equity: Thanks for the color.
Mark Belgya: Yeah. Okay.
Operator: Next, we’ll hear from Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Mark Belgya:  Hi, Ed.
Richard Smucker: Good morning, Ed.
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: Wanted to ask first on, just on the promotional environment, you mentioned in coffee, you had more volume because of what your primary competitor was doing. It does seem like they pulled back a little bit, this month in particular, are you seeing signs of improvement there? And then on the baking business, you mentioned that you didn’t expect much near-term improvement in the competitive landscape, but one of your main competitors there announced a recent price increase. So just trying to understand that. Thanks. 
Vince Byrd: Hi. This is Vince. I will take the coffee question first and I will turn it over to Paul. I would say clearly that there was a lot of competitive activity on coffee during our quarter. We’re particularly pleased actually with our results given that even though the coffee has risen significantly. If you look at our pricing of our bean roast and ground and premium coffee competitors, both of them were below last year’s levels basically. We have seen some indication of that starting to turn around. And as I think Tim or Richard mentioned in the formal remarks, we’re balancing everyday our volume, our share, -- our sales and our profitability.
Paul Wagstaff: This is Paul. In regards to baking side, I think the primary time frame we were talking about is Fall Bake. We don’t anticipate any change in promotional activity going on through Fall Bake. And as you know, we’re right in the middle of that as we speak. We have seen that announcement from one of our competitors taking the pricing up and that really is more of an impact for the fourth quarter.
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks. One follow up, if I could, just -- you mentioned that you expect to have the hedge benefit again in coffee in Q3. If you do like a 20-week lag analysis on the coffee commodity, it’s hard to understand why there would be another benefit this quarter and if some research you do by, call it, to 18 to 22 weeks out, I’m just trying to understand that a little bit better.
Paul Wagstaff: Well, I guess without getting in to specifics, you’ve, for all kinds of purposes, you are correct, for 18 to 20 plus weeks out. There may -- there will be a small benefit in the third quarter, not as much as in the second, but a lot will depend on where the commodity rests for the balance of the fiscal year. So, we do anticipate a little bit of benefit in the third. But if something doesn’t happen with the commodity coming down, we will obviously be in a unfavorable position in the four at this point.
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets:  Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Our next question will come from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Mark Belgya: Good morning.
Richard Smucker: Good morning.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Hi. Couple of quick questions, the guidance for the sales outlook for the full year implies, I think, acceleration of the back half that you attributed mainly to pricing but it sounds as though the -- you are expecting the volume situation to stabilize versus being down this quarter. Could you talk a little bit about the dynamics there, what gives you the confidence that the volume situation will improve, maybe by segment, where are you expecting to see more pricing coming through and so on.
Mark Smucker: Hi, Alexia. This is Mark. I will just try to confirm your comments and then turn to the guys to comment from the respected areas. You are right. From the topline, the pricing we have in place particularly the full back half year impact of the 13% coffee that’s out there will drive a lot of that guidance and also volume, we are expecting to level off really across most of the business segments on the back half. So if there is any specific items, you want to add to that.
Vince Byrd: This is Vince. Again, I think we are confident with what we have in place. As mentioned earlier, we are seeing some indication that competitive price points are moving up. And -- but a lot will determine on where the commodity rests primarily in the third quarter but we hope to drive some volume and last year’s fourth quarter was not extremely strong in terms of our growth. So I think we can at least meet, hope we meet that for as we look forward.
Paul Wagstaff: Alexia, this is Paul Wagstaff. And on the oil side, we did see oils volume start to come back here in the recent four or five weeks and we would anticipate that continuing through the balance of the year.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Got it. Thank you. And then…
Vince Byrd: Alexia, just to give you the consumer business of the peanut butter and fruit spreads businesses actually grew slightly in volume for the quarter. So we expect those trends to continue particularly in peanut butter as you know we took a price decline in the first quarter. Well, the impact, that’s really masked in second quarter because that’s the key promotional back to school period. So we should get the benefit of that in volume in the third and fourth quarters.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Great. Got it. And then on the marketing side, obviously there was a pull back op marketing against, I guess, a lot of spending last year. Do you expect that to kind of shift from marketing in to more promotional activity to continue going forward or would you expect that marketing spend to stabilize or as an increase as we look out.
Tim Smucker: Well, let me just -- this is Tim. Let me just make a comment. Again, as we think about building the brands, long-term, you will see the fluctuations from time to time. But we are committed to building all the brands because as you know 70 plus percent of our business is the number one brands. And we’re committed to do that. There will be ups and downs by quarter but that hasn’t changed our overall commitment. So, I don’t know Vince…
Vince Byrd: Yeah. I would say I think it was in Mark’s formal remarks that last year was probably unreasonably high because we chose to invest back in incremental spending. This year is a normal level. We haven’t cut the marketing in the coffee business although we did increase some of our promotional spending as we spent back some of the green. And I’ll turn it to Paul or Steve to comment on their segments.
Paul Wagstaff: Yeah. I think -- this is Paul. On the oils and baking side, we have seen some intense competitive pressures and we have -- we do manage for the long-term, as Tim was mentioning, however, from a quarter-to-quarter basis, we did pull back some marketing and put it in to some promotional pricing and now, we would anticipate that as ongoing issue but short-term we are doing that.
Steve Oakland: In the U.S. retail Smucker, Jiff businesses, we will see marketing grow just a slightly faster pace than volume and I think, as in the prepared remarks, we’re excited about some of the new advertising creative and success on Jif to go and look forward to supporting those.
Mark Smucker: This is Mark. I would just add from a Canadian perspective that we had a very good year there, not only Fall Bake but in terms of the marketing than we have unprecedented levels of marketing spend and advertising activity to support the brands. So I think from that perspective it’s been positive for Canada as well.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research.
Chuck Cerankosky – Northcoast Research: Good morning, everyone. Nice quarter.
Mark Belgya: Hi Chuck.
Chuck Cerankosky – Northcoast Research: Mark, could you look ahead just for a bit into next fiscal year? What do you think the tax rate will be?
Mark Belgya: Chuck, it will probably be up a little bit higher than this year, probably not dramatic. The impact issue we’re seeing is, this is the final year if you will, of maximizing the deductions be given to U.S. manufacturers that was sort of stepped up. And we finally hit the maximum percent. I don’t think you are going to see the decrease. Obviously, we don’t know what is going to change overall but that aside, probably up marginally from where we were being running last year or two.
Chuck Cerankosky – Northcoast Research: Okay. Could you talk a little bit about Uncrustables in the context, what sounded like and otherwise good back to school but also where the consumer’s head is at regarding more expensive value added product?
Steve Oakland: Hi, Chuck. Steve Oakland. Uncrustables year-to- date is down just slightly. And it wasn’t the strongest quarter but if you remember in order to consolidate that all in to our Kentucky facility, we discontinued some of the items, the peanut butter only item, cheese item, those items which were in the last year’s comparables. So I think when you take that out, that’s about half of the loss when you take out some of the other timing of the events, so I think, we feel Uncrustables are doing fine, retail self turns are fine, and we think those numbers will improve a little bit in the retail segment as we get in to the back half of the year. Mark.
Mark Smucker: Yeah. I will add that. Food service business in schools has recently -- doing recently well. It’s basically flat, that’s the overall the total from a total venture and we are running the plant very well. We are producing as many sandwiches as we can and actually looking at expanding our capacity here in the fourth quarter. So that we can continue to meet demand.
Chuck Cerankosky – Northcoast Research: All right. And then looking at coffee volume, promotional market was a little more than you would have expected. How long do you intend to put up with that kind of a volume detriment that you saw in the second quarter? Wish that already reverse.
Mark Smucker: Well, Chuck, again it’s a balancing act as we said earlier of measuring balancing volume share and profitability. You know, quite honestly, we just don’t think that some of the levels is good for the category and our customers long-term. Having said that, the Folgers brand obviously responds very, very well to promotional activity and we’ll just have to monitor as we go through the balance of the year.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And next we will go to Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan.
Ken Goldman – J.P. Morgan: Good morning.
Mark Belgya: Hi.
Ken Goldman – J.P. Morgan: When we think about the algorithm between coffee cost pricing and volume, is there a breakeven relationship you look at between price and volume in order to keep pay profits flat. I guess, what I’m asking is you had 13% pricing, 7% volume loss this quarter in coffee. Is that enough going forward, if coffee costs stay where they are considering they are going to hit you harder, looks like in 2012 to maintain penny profit that year? And if not, how should we really think about the potential impact to your bottom line. I’m not really asking, I guess, for guidance next year, just for clarity as a general rule about how to think about that?
Richard Smucker: Well, I guess as we’ve stated previously, we are charged with growing our segment profits year-on-year, until margins may vary, percentages may vary year-on-year. And we are on plan to do that as we speak. Again, we will take pricing action as necessary to -- in order to protect margins primarily penny for penny. It’s again a balance between the volume, the share and the profitability if the commodity remains where it is, today, more than likely we will have to consider some action in the back half, because we obviously did anticipate where the commodity sits today when we took the pricing action back in August. It was a significant lower of that particular point.
Tim Smucker: One other thing just I add, there has been a tremendous amount of new product activity over the years. And that has that also plays obviously as we invest whether Dunkin’ Donuts, K-Cups other singles [or decaffeinated], all those kinds of activity, and there is a lot of that going on and a lot in the pipeline. So that will also have an impact.
Ken Goldman – J.P. Morgan: And then as a follow up, has elasticity, has price elasticity been where you thought it was higher or little bit lower. I know it’s early, any help you can provide, that would be appreciated?
Richard Smucker: Well, Ken, again we take a long-term view of the business but it’s obvious that we were down in the quarter, none of us likes to see our volume move down and our share go down. But as you have pointed out in your analysis, a lot of that was not necessarily driven by our pricing action as much as it was driven by the key competitors’ pricing action which you’ve done a great job of articulating. So we’re again very pleased with the results overall when you considered all of the noise and the competitive activity that was going on in the quarter.
Ken Goldman – J.P. Morgan: I already have a buy on you guys, flattery can’t increase that anymore.
Richard Smucker: We will hold off until next time.
Ken Goldman – J.P. Morgan: Please. My head is big enough. All right. Thanks guys.
Operator: And next, we will go to Jason English, Goldman Sachs.
Jason English – Goldman Sachs: Hey, good morning, guys.
Tim Smucker: Good morning, Jason.
Jason English – Goldman Sachs: We don’t have a buy, so flatter away. Couple of questions. Obviously and fairly late in the queue, so there been a lot of questions asked already. I’ll just spilled on couple of small ones. Looking at your guidance now, after a strong quarter here, you are kind of implying roughly flat to modestly down EPS in the back half. But I hear you talking about pretty Fall Bake programming, this continued benefit of the hedge/price mismatch in coffee and the possibility of some share repurchase activity. What are some of the headwinds you are concerned about, as you’ve laid out this back half outlook?
Mark Belgya: Jason, this is Mark. Well, couple of things. One is, I think you guys are well aware of this, but last year we did have an abnormally low tax rate, particularly in the fourth quartet, so, a little bit of that comparison is driven by that. I think generally, while we agree with the positive comments you just said, there is still the risk and the uncertainty of what cost is going to do and any pricing actions, either ourselves or the competitive environment that we are facing. So, to some degree I think it’s a little bit of what happened in the last six months. We are feeling a little bit of reservation in the guidance.
Richard Smucker: Mark, I might ask that. This is an industry risk I think not just a Smucker risk. Of all the commodity costs going up, we track eight commodities but most of our competitors are buying those commodities. And, so as we look to raise price and protect our margins, everybody in the industry is going to be affected by that. So they will question us and what is the consumer going to do and how is the consumer going to respond and are they going to be more cautious. So I think we all have that to be alert to.
Tim Smucker: Hi, yeah. Let me just add one other thing, Richard. It’s just the political environment. I mean, you’ve seen today, [Bowls] announced Simpson 100 to tube today, yesterday and today and the consumer is looking for balance. There is a lot - 
Richard Smucker: They are looking for certainty.
Tim Smucker: They are looking for certainty. And that isn’t just a consumer but it’s a customer. And the customers are trying different things and we are trying to navigate right through that and be consistent as we can and look for balance. So that’s all going to be, we are all dealing with that.
Jason English – Goldman Sachs: Fair enough. So, stepping back and building on the conversation you just had with Ken. In coffee is a good example where category is pricing up, volume holding in okay, the issue, or the challenge you are faced with is not in aggregate category elasticity of that, but whether a cross elasticity of that with one competitor moving faster than the other, one promoting more aggressively than the other. This is I think broadly about the industry and prices rising as this wave of inflation hits. Is that the bigger risk that some move faster than others, some continue to promote a little bit longer than others and we just get a quarter or two of some disruption?
Tim Smucker : Yeah. I think that is true. I think that is exactly right and there is a risk there. Our strategy -- as the balance we talked about several times. We don’t believe that although we discount and offer we think value deals to our customers. You can’t deep discount your way to profitability or to long-term growth. And that really isn’t good for the industry or the category. And we’ve got -- there is a lot of hard evidence and if that’s true and so we try to continue to be, I would call a responsible competitor as opposed to taking some deep discounting approach.
Jason English – Goldman Sachs: Yeah. I think that’s the right approach. Thanks a lot, guys. I will pass it on.
Operator: And next, we will go to Jane Gelfand with Barclays Capital.
Jane Gelfand – Barclays Capital: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Richard Smucker: Hi, Jane.
Tim Smucker: Good morning.
Jane Gelfand – Barclays Capital: Hi. Just a quick question about the fiscal fourth quarter. There was a brief mentioned of a potential lag, the other why between coffee hedging and coffee pricing, at the same time you are clearly considering another pricing move. So I guess, what I’m wondering is what do you need to see to decide one way or the other whether you are going to price or not, or is it just -- the sustainability of the commodity level or a certain competitive environment? And then, is there enough time to decide that throughout the fiscal third quarter to ultimately sort of mitigate that gap? Is it enough to kind of or should we think about a serious lag or is it more of a dollar-for-dollar matching thing then you are going for the fiscal fourth quarter?
Tim Smucker: You articulated very well. All of those factors, it depends on where the commodity is, it depends on where our position is. And of course what is going on from a competitive environment. I will say in coffee, we have the luxury though of implementing pricing very, very quickly. So, once the decision is made we tend to implement that in a very short period of time unlike some other markets or some of our other product categories where we may not have that luxury. We are not concerned with the ability to implement it once the decision is made. But as I mentioned earlier, if the commodity does not take a dramatic change as to where it is today, we will be faced with some type of pricing action in action in the back half.
Jane Gelfand – Barclays Capital: Go it. So, we shouldn’t be thinking about a serious lag between the pricing and the hedging come the fiscal fourth quarter.
Tim Smucker: No.
Jane Gelfand – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then, just as a follow up on maybe use of cash. I’m wondering about maybe how your thought process may have evolved, as you were nearing the point of this kind of lapsing of the two-year lockup, just on the pacing and kind of timing of share repo, I’m wondering whether you chose to moderate that a little bit, or maybe because you are seeing the M&A environment heat up or at least the pipeline. I’m just wondering whether your thinking has changed at all, just given some of the things here you are seeing on the M&A side potentially?
Mark Belgya: Hi, Jane. It’s Mark. I don’t think I would characterize as any change in our thinking. I think we’ve been pretty consistent. I’m sure most of you on the phone have you seen our chart where we allocate or show deployment of our cash fairly evenly across the different outlets. So it relates to repurchase, we said time and again that we had the 3.7 million shares, that -- in fact if you go back before Folgers transaction, we were pretty active in the market. So to some degree our continuation of buyback shares is just a continuation of what we are doing prior to the transaction. But, I guess, generally I would say there has been no material change to our thinking as it relates to deployment of cash.
Jane Gelfand – Barclays Capital: Fair enough. Thank you very much.
Tim Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Anderson with William Blair.
Jon Anderson – William Blair: Good morning, everyone.
Tim Smucker: Hey, John.
Richard Smucker: Good morning, John.
Jon Anderson – William Blair: I had a question on Dunkin, which was particularly strong in the quarter, I think up double digits in volume. Just wondering, if you can bring us up to date on where you are in terms of distribution at grocery, what opportunities there are in terms of adding additional SKUs and facings on the shelf and until the outlook for growth going forward, can that kind of growth be sustained in the near to medium-term?
Tim Smucker: Sure. Well, first of all the growth in the quarter was driven by two primary reasons. First, increased distribution in terms of our core SKUs, so, that’s going to original and the others, but it was also significantly benefited by the launch of our seasonal items that we put into the marketplace and in fact in one major retailer, one of the seasonal items was the second highest selling SKU of the entire bagged coffee segment, second only to our Dunkin original. And, so the seasonals definitely did have a play during the quarter and continue to do so. Going forward, the team is continued to be challenged to have double digit growth in that. We have very few SKUs compared to our competitors, our ACV is very strong on your original and some of the top flavors, but there are opportunities to continue to expand the ACV significantly. 
Jon Anderson – William Blair: Thanks. That’s helpful. I know it’s very early, but is there early read on kind of the K-Cups rollout and initial sell through and what kind of programming -- media programming are you planning through the holiday season?
Tim Smucker: Yeah. Great question. First of all I’d just like to compliment and thanks our marketing and sales and operations team and the relationship that we have been able to establish with Green Mountain and Keurig. That project all came to cushion in a very, very short period of time. As -- it was mentioned in the former remarks, although we haven’t necessarily shifted to all customers at this point, all major customers have accepted it. We did kickoff some marketing support this past couple of weeks. We have for the first time I believe a K-Cups has been nationally advertised and we also dropped the [FSI] this past weekend, as some of the initial support and the initial reads are very, very positive. But it’s still early days at this point.
Jon Anderson – William Blair: Thanks. Just, one last one if I might. Marketers inventories were up about 8%, year-on-year, just wondering if that’s a reflection of higher commodity costs and what’s in that number with the growth ahead of sales?
Tim Smucker: Yeah. It clearly is driving a lot of that year-over-year and if you look across and coffee it’s a significant piece of that, but our other businesses inventories are also [upset that is all].
Jon Anderson – William Blair: Okay. Thanks, congratulations.
Tim Smucker: Thank you.
Richard Smucker: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to Ian Zaffino with Oppenheimer & Co.
Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer & Co.: Just going back to the whole farm, green coffee thing. Ignoring your hedges and given where commodity costs are right now, how much price would you need to take on the coffee side?
Tim Smucker: I don’t know that we would disclose that information necessarily. First of all, coffee is fluctuating $0.5 to $0.10 a day and it’s up another $0.5 this morning. So I guess I prefer not to give a range right now.
Mark Belgya: Ian, this is Mark. Just to that point -- if and when we do take any kind of pricing action coffee, we typically followed up with release. So you will know that, but it is our policy not to describe any pricing moving prior to any announcement.
Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. And then the other question would be on the Folgers side, what it was the actual volume on the coffee side x, Dunkin’ Donuts and x the K-Cups?
Tim Smucker: Yeah. It was down about 7% in volume, but I would point out that it had a pretty difficult comp because last year it grew 5% in last year’s second quarter.
Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer & Co.: So that 7% is excluding Dunkin and K-Cups.
Mark Belgya: It would be a couple of percentage points lower with it.
Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. So like a 9ish.
Mark Belgya: Yeah.
Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we will hear from Eric Serotta, Wells Fargo Securities.
Eric Serotta – Wells Fargo Securities: Good morning.
Tim Smucker: Eric, welcome back.
Eric Serotta – Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks. Just a point of clarification here, the 7% commodity inflation number that you cited, is that pre-hedging, or does that include the impact of your commodity hedges?
Tim Smucker: That has been challenging. What we typically will say over the course of the year is, what our absolute anticipated cost increase over the fiscal year is, that number has moved from $70 million at the outset of the year to roughly to the numbers around 200 million, based on that cost. So that would be the expected cost we would incur during the fiscal period.
Eric Serotta – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then shifting gears a bit, if this was the first quarter in sometime that you didn’t highlight oils as an area of weakness, in fact you pointed to Crisco as an area of strength. Could you comment a little bit about the dynamics and the edible oil market, what you are seeing from your branded competitor and from private label?
Paul Wagstaff: Hi, Eric. This is Paul Wagstaff and we’ve definitely seen competitive pricing on both the private label and our number one competitor through the Fall Bake time period so far. I think what we did, we announced a price decline in August to better reflecting pricing on shelf that would be similar to our number one competitor and that has had a favorable impact on volume that we’ve seen that’s increased here recently.
Eric Serotta – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Most of my other questions have been answered. So I will turn it back. Thank you.
Paul Wagstaff: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we will go to Scott Mushkin with Jefferies & Company.
Scott Mushkin – Jefferies & Company: Thanks for taking my question. I know, again, we are waiting in queue. I want to take a step back and I know you guys referenced running the business for the long-term, a couple of different times. And as I look at the numbers coming out, now, we are just selling through the chainable, which seems to be coming out of a channel consumers baskets, it seems that we have about 65, maybe 70% of the business making oils and coffee, not showing great market share or volume growth over a multi-quarter period now. I put it in three. So I guess my question is oils clearly responded to what you did in August and that seems to be abating. When do you look at the other businesses and say, okay? No moss, we need to take some action. And I appreciate I think as I said before it’s not all about price, what do you do because company just builds on gaining share, making great brands, even better. How are we supposed to look at this as investors, when do we need to take some actions here. Can we look at the earnings we are putting up right now as over earning to a degree?
Tim Smucker: That’s not the way we look at it. We do take a long-term approach and actually this is the first quarter where we actually had a volume decline. But part of that volume decline was planned. And lot of the volume is in heavy items such as flour, we planned it to lose some margins and loss some volume in flour. Coffee was probably not planned because we had a great run for the last 24 months on coffee almost or actually, short of that, 21 months on coffee. In general, we are not seeing what you are seeing overall for long-term period. We recognized this quarter was down a little bit in volume. But that was - part of that was planned.
Paul Wagstaff: And Scott, this is Paul. The only other comment I’d make from competitive perspective, over last prior three -- almost four quarters, we’ve seen some unprecedented pricing action of our competitors that, again, going back to, I think a comment that Tim made earlier in the presentation, we want to focus on your balanced volume and share market and profitability. And we are just not what willing to at this point shave some of those the deep discounts, we don’t think that’s good for the category. That being said, we did made some changes on the oils and we think that’s rebounding nicely. Our baking business, we actually feel pretty good about for Fall Bake. So hopefully, we will see the results shortly.
Tim Smucker: In another part we haven’t talked about is mix and the types of products that we sell, it’s not just the volume it’s the mix of products that we sell. I know, especially in peanut butter and in fruit spreads, we are getting a better mix of products than we’ve ever had before. We are actually selling less great this year which is not a high margin item, but it’s a high weight item.
Mark Smucker: More strawberry
Tim Smucker: And more strawberry, which is much better in the same cost. You might speak to that, Mark.
Mark Smucker: Yeah. This is Mark Smucker. Just in special markets as well, we are seeing favorable mix across the board, pretty much in every one of our business units there and in Canada we are seeing, we have seen some decent share growth in many of those categories as well. In categories that are not typically growth categories, we have been able to increase our share at the expense of some of our competitors.
Tim Smucker: One other follow up, we were selling more alternative channels which aren’t measured as well. And so when you ask whether these numbers, they don’t really measure the alternative channels and probably most manufacturers in the consumer foods area are selling more in the alternative channels. We definitely are. And so that business picked up, nearly as well in some of the numbers that you are looking at.
Scott Mushkin – Jefferies & Company: Thanks for all that color. I really appreciate it. And then, did you guys and I’m sorry I’m actually in a car, so I haven’t seen it, did you guys actually give us the hedging gain in coffee? Did you give us the dollars?
Mark Belgya: No. Because, it’s not really the hedging gains. The hedging -- actually is overall hedging losses for $6 million to the company. It is basically what you are seeing in coffee. It’s coming through the cost of goods sold. It’s not hedging gains in this regard.
Scott Mushkin – Jefferies & Company: How much did it benefit, Mark, cost of goods sold? Do we know?
Mark Belgya: No. We wouldn’t quantify that Scott. It’s just basically a driven -- it’s the reason margins were as they were for the quarter in coffee.
Scott Mushkin – Jefferies & Company: And the 6.6 million, is that coffee in there too? So that’s a net number or is it not part of that?
Mark Belgya: That is a net number. All company’s hedging activity across the board are in that.
Scott Mushkin – Jefferies & Company: And was that sequentially, was that up or down?
Mark Belgya: It’s not dramatically different. I will tell you a year ago. It’s about -- it was about $5.5 million last year, so pretty even swing. But it’s not -- Last year, it wasn’t dramatically different.
Scott Mushkin – Jefferies & Company: Great. Thanks very much.
Tim Smucker: Thanks a lot, Scott.
Operator: And next, we will go to Mitch Pinheiro with Janney Capital Markets.
Mitch Pinheiro – Janney Capital Markets: Hey, guys. Good morning. Couple of questions. One, of the 2% K-Cups contribution, is that primarily channel fill versus takeaway?
Tim Smucker: Well, sure. I mean a lot of it is, but I can tell we had some very good reads from some early customers where the volume is turning and we’ve had reorders. So, but yeah, sure, a lot of that was the initial fill.
Mitch Pinheiro – Janney Capital Markets: Looking at the next quarter, you will have a similar type of sort of the rest of the customers in the channel fill plus continue to takeaway, is that how is it going to be a similar kind of growth rate or contribution?
Tim Smucker: Yeah. No. I would -- we would still see significant growth rate I would think in the third and fourth quarter, as we fill the channels and get the initial -- the initial read on shelf takeoff.
Mitch Pinheiro – Janney Capital Markets: Okay. And what is the likelihood of you introducing additional SKUs in K-Cups in the next 12 months.
Tim Smucker: It’s very likely.
Mitch Pinheiro – Janney Capital Markets: Okay. In terms of broader questions and my last question, is -- I would love to, I’m looking at IRI in the categories and I look at the, the cook at home segment, a lot of the categories whether baking mixes and baking nuts and sugar and condensed milk and a lot of different cook at home categories seemed very weak in the last couple of reporting periods. What is your interpretation of that? Is that not the right characterization or was it really a tough comp to a year ago, or how would you look at this category as being weak on a volume basis?
Paul Wagstaff: Hi, Mitch. This is Paul Wagstaff. I think one of the comments I would say is that, there is a little bit of a timing issue. It seems like what we are seeing is consumers are shopping later than they did last year, as far as taking those types of products off the shelf. So we would anticipate to see those type of products being taken off of the shelf now versus in second quarter, which -- when you go back to previous years, there was more -- I’d say there was an earlier buy in from that consumer. So I wouldn’t say we are concerned, I just think it’s a little bit different timing.
Mitch Pinheiro – Janney Capital Markets: Are you seeing any -- x the impact of Holiday, which is hard to do, but any other -- have you seen any change in trends, either leaning towards or away from the cooking at home?
Paul Wagstaff: No. I don’t think we have. I think we still feel that we are seeing consumers cook and bake more at home and that trend as we see it continues.
Tim Smucker: I think, another thing Paul, that some of our customers have limited some SKUs early last year and they thought that -- they found that wasn’t good idea. So they are putting those back, so you are seeing some of that now and that’s what -- to Paul’s comment that they are buying later now because they are getting more choice now.
Mitch Pinheiro – Janney Capital Markets: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: And next, we will go the Karen Lamark with Federated Investors.
Karen Lamark – Federated Investors: Good morning. You may have answered it with your response to Jane about deployment of cash, but I wanted a little more clarity under dividend comments. I understand you are currently running less than your targeted payout ratio, but is one of your considerations are raising the target payout ratio and secondly are you considering taking some action on the dividend before April, which is when I think you typically do it. Thanks.
Mark Belgya: This is Mark. I think in terms of the dividend, first of all we have been pretty consistent with years with the 40% target, we think that’s appropriate. We do look at that periodically verses our peers, but right now I think the board is probably more focused on getting us closer to that target. It’s obviously something that we will look at going forward as we evaluate ways to return value. But that’s just something the board looks at every time and I think the fact that we are running a little below. We are just trying to point that out and the board will take that into consideration here in the next couple of meetings.
Karen Lamark – Federated Investors: Okay. Should we still expect any action, as it is going to be taken, will be April or before that?
Mark Belgya: I really can’t speak for the board. I may think that we provide them with the information and they will take actions they see appropriate.
Karen Lamark – Federated Investors: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And unfortunately, we are out of time for questions today. Gentlemen, I would now like to turn the conference back to you to conclude.
Tim Smucker: Well, thank you very much for your interest and always great questions and I just want to reiterate what Richard said earlier that our team is -- just want to thank our team, it’s just a fantastic team and thank you for you support. Wish you a lot of memorable meals and moments over the next holiday season. So, thanks a lot. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 188-203-1112 or 1-719-457-0820 with a pass code of 582-6472, or by accessing the web site for a downloadable mp3 format. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2010-06-17 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company’s first quarter 2011 earnings conference call. At this time, I would like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers after the presentation. Please limit yourself to two initial questions during the Q&A session and re-queue if you have additional questions. I will now like to turn the conference over to the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Mark Belgya. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Belgya: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us. On the call from the company are Tim Smucker, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO; Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman and Co-CEO; Vince Byrd, President of our Coffee Business; Steve Oakland, President of Smucker’s Jif and Hungry Jack; Mark Smucker, President of our Special Markets; and Paul Wagstaff, President of Oils and Baking. After this brief introduction, I will turn the call over to Richard for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter and Tim will provide closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments, we will be available to answer your questions. If you have not seen our press release, it is available on our Website at smuckers.com. A replay of this call is available on the Website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today’s call, please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, Vice President of Investor Relations. I would like to remind you that in both the prepared comments and during the question-and-answer period that follows, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning such forward-looking statements. I also want to point out that company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release and on our Website. I’ll now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Smucker: Thank you, Mark. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Let me begin by reviewing our results for the quarter, which continued our consistent and positive trends. First, our sales for the quarter were comparable to last year. Several key categories realized volume growth, including Coffee and Peanut Butter, which contributed to a favorable sales mix. Second, Coffee, our largest segment had a solid quarter and came in stronger than we originally expected during our year-end call. Third, non-GAAP earnings increased for the quarter, with earnings per share up 13%, led by increases in operating profit and reductions in our effective income tax rate. Fourth, our continued investment in the brand, new product offerings, the pricing actions taken to date, and our planned promotional activities have positioned us well for the back-to-school and fall big holiday periods. And finally, the significant investments we are making in our business, including the project to streamline our coffee and fruit spread supply chain will allow us to continue delivering long-term growth and shareholder value. Our quarter results occurred during a challenging economic environment demonstrating the strength of our brand and the importance of a consistent focus on our strategy. Our focus is long-term, yet we have a culture where teams adapt quickly and adjust tactics as necessary. While aggressive pricing can be seen in a number of the categories in which we participate, we will respond rationally and with a long-term view of the health of our brand and our categories. Now, let me provide some commentary on each of our four business segments. In our Coffee segment, sales were up over a very strong first quarter last year and momentum in this business continues. We are supporting the coffee brands with all elements of marketing, including advertising, consumer promotions, and public relations. Seven new commercials will air this year, including advertisements supporting Dunkin’ Donuts Coffee, Folgers Black Silk, and the recently re-launched Folgers Special Roast. Our K-Cups offerings continued to meet with great customer acceptance and will be in stores in the second quarter. Folgers Gourmet Selections and Millstone K-Cups will be supported by a strong marketing program, including advertising. Dunkin’ Turbo Coffee, which launched late last year continues to gain distribution, increasing to a 12-week ACV of 55%, and the new Dunkin’ Donuts seasonal items are on track to be launched this fall. Finally, as previously announced, in response to Green Coffee cost, which reached a 12-year historical high during the quarter, we took a price increase averaging 9% earlier this month on most of our U.S. retail coffee products. Turning to our Consumer segment, net sales and volume were essentially even with last year, excluding divestitures. It is important to note that we achieved these results despite strong performance last year. Also, certain key promotional activities that occurred in the first quarter of the prior year have been shifted to later quarters this year. In the Peanut Butter category, we will be airing new advertising to support the relaunch of Jif To Go. Also, consistent with our ongoing focus on price transparency, we took a 5% price decrease on our peanut butter products in the first quarter, reflecting a decline in peanut costs. In the Fruit Spreads category, we continue to invest in our brands as news commercials continuing the classic voice campaign will be aired during the upcoming key promotional periods. We also continue to see momentum in the Smucker’s Orchard’s Finest premium fruit spreads products, which were launched on a national basis. The national rollout of Smucker’s Snack’n Waffles in retail continues to provide us an exciting handheld platform. All of these actions position us well for the back-to-school period. In our Oils and Baking segment, aggressive pricing by competitors negatively impacted both sales and volume for the Crisco and Pillsbury brands. Planned rationalization of lower margin products also contributed to the decrease for Pillsbury. We recently announced a list price decrease for our oils business to narrow the price gap on shelf and to provide the consumer with a lower, everyday price for our Crisco products. We continue to focus on product innovation and providing consumers with more options for our Pillsbury brand. Our recent launch of sugar-free cake mix and frosting has been met with good customer acceptance. In addition, we will continue to offer new varieties of Pillsbury products, including the upcoming launch of seasonal items with a Halloween theme. This combination of new products, merchandising programs and narrowing the price gap in oils, gives us comfort as we enter the fall day period. In the Special Markets segment, value was up slightly, led by the natural foods and export businesses. This increase was partially offset by volume decline in Canada. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, sales were down 3% due primarily to price decreases and the timing of promotional spending. In summary, we delivered a solid quarter and a good start to the fiscal year. Our successful performance continues to reflect a culture where our employees understand our vision and our strategy and consistently execute. I would now like to turn the call back to Mark to have him review the financial results for the quarter.
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Richard. Overall, net sales for the quarter were equal with last year. Increases in the U.S. Retail Coffee segment were mostly offset by declines in U.S. Retail Oils and Baking and the impact of the divestiture of our potato business. Favorable sales mix and foreign exchange were positive contributors, helping offset a 3% decrease in volumes, driven by declines in the oils and baking categories in the U.S. and Canada. Pricing action initiated during the quarter did not have a material impact on the results. Also included in last year’s results were approximately $3.5 million in industrial fruit sales that are no longer categorized as revenue. GAAP earnings per share were $0.86 this quarter compared to $0.83 in the first quarter of last year, including charges related to restructuring and merger and integration activity. Total charges were up this year reflecting costs associated with the restructuring project announced earlier this calendar year. Excluding these charges, earnings per share were $1.04 this quarter and $0.92 in last year’s first quarter, an increase of 13%. The quarter results benefited from a lower tax rate when compared to the prior year. Gross profit, excluding charges, increased $12 million to 39.9% of net sales from 38.6% last year. Included in gross profit were unrealized mark-to-market gains on commodity contracts of approximately $7 million. Gross profit benefited from a favorable sales mix as a larger percentage of total sales came from the coffee, peanut butter, and fruit spread categories, which generate higher gross margins. The impact of raw material cost was mixed as higher green coffee costs were offset by lower costs for peanuts and certain fruits. Most of the gains in gross profit flowed to operating income as the SG&A expenses were up 1% compared to prior year and increased as a percent of net sales from 19.1% to 19.4%. Overall, operating income, excluding charges, increased $10 million for the quarter and improved as a percent of net sales from 17.6% to 18.7%. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.3% compared to 35.2% in last year’s first quarter. The lower rate in the current year reflects benefits realized from an increased deduction relating to the U.S. manufacturing activities along with lower state income taxes and a favorable federal income tax determination related to a prior year. We anticipate a full-year effective tax rate between 32% and 33%. Let me now provide details on our segment. As a reminder, although our four reportable segments have not changed, we have modified the calculation of segment profit to better reflect the decisions of segment management with the corresponding financial results, most notably in the area of intangibles. We issued a Form 8-K last week providing the quarterly segment profits for fiscal 2009 and 2010 under this new calculation. In the U.S. retail coffee segment, net sales increased 7% primarily as a result of volume gain. Growth in the Folgers brand along with continued double-digit growth in the Dunkin’ Donuts brand resulted in an overall coffee volume increase of 5%. This increase is on top of a 9% volume gain in last year’s first quarter. Coffee segment profit increased 1% due to volume gains and a price increase offsetting higher green coffee costs. Segment margins were 30.4% in the prior year compared to 28.4% in the current year, reflecting the higher green coffee costs. In our U.S. Retail Consumer segment, reported sales were down 4%, while volume declined 3%. Excluding the divested potato business, net sales and volumes were essentially flat when compared to a strong first quarter in the prior year as volume gains in Jif peanut butter, Smucker’s Snack’n Waffles, and Hungry Jack pancake mixes and syrups were offset by declines in toppings. As Richard mentioned, certain promotions have been moved to later in the year resulting in a slight volume decline in fruit spreads for this quarter. Segment profit increased 8%, mainly due to lower raw material costs, improved profitability related to Smucker’s Uncrustables, and favorable product mix. These were partially offset by additional investments in segment marketing. Segment margin improved nearly 300 basis points from 22.7% in last year’s first quarter to 25.6% this year. The divestiture of the low-margin potato business also contributed to the margin improvement. In the U.S. Retail Oils and Baking segment, net sales and volume for the quarter declined 11% and 12% respectively as the competitive and promotional environment experienced in the oils and baking category at the end of last fiscal year continued. The planned rationalization of certain low-margin baking products also contributed to the sales decline. Segment profit in the quarter decreased 12% and profit margin declined by 20 basis points. The decrease in segment profit was primarily driven by lower net sales and higher production costs, partially offset by the favorable impact of unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on commodity contracts. Sales in the Special Markets segment were flat. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, sales declined 3%, primarily driven by price decreases and the timing of promotional spending. Volume increased 1% as gains in natural foods and milk, condiments and coffee were partially offset by declines in flour, oils, food service, and portion control. Margins in the Special Markets segment increased from 13.4% to 17.4% as a result of favorable sales mix, lower supply chain costs, and the positive impact of unrealized mark-to-market adjustments. EBITDA, excluding restructuring and merger and integration costs, was $248 million for the quarter or 23.7% of net sales, compared to $233 million or 22.2% of net sales last year. Based on first quarter results, we are tracking towards our guidance of full-year EBITDA approaching $1.1 billion excluding charges. Let me conclude my remarks with comments on cash flow. Cash used by operations was $27 million in the first quarter of 2011 compared to a use of $26 million last year. As a reminder, we expect a significant use of cash for working capital during the first half of each fiscal year for seasonal fruit procurement, the build-up of inventory in advances of fall bake and holiday season and the additional build-up of coffee inventory in advance of the Atlantic hurricane period. We expect the generation of cash to accelerate in the second half of the year as we complete our key seasonal periods. Capital expenditures are still expected to approximate $235 million despite only $27 million in the first quarter. As we previously stated, we expected use of cash this year of approximately $95 million for capital expenditures related to the coffee, fruit spreads restructuring project. This will primarily occur in the second half of the year. Finally, cash charges of $35 million to $40 million related to our restructuring project are expected for the year. I’d now like to turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Smucker: Thank you, Mark, and good morning everyone. As we’ve stated over the years, we believe our strategy of owning leading brands in North America is a solid, well-understood strategy. It is one which has provided us the framework to achieve our growth objectives. We believe in running our company with a long-term perspective. As an organization, we remain committed to investing in our brands and continuous improvement in our operational practices and cost structure. In March, we announced the largest capital investment in our history to streamline our coffee and fruit spreads supply chain. The estimated expenditures, annual savings, and overall timeline related to the project remain on track. We plan to break ground on our new manufacturing facility in Orrville later this fall and are actively working to expand our coffee capacity in New Orleans. We are currently in the key back-to-school period. We have solid programs in place, supporting our fruit spreads, peanut butter and Smucker’s Uncrustables sandwiches and are anticipating a strong finish to the season during the second quarter. We are encouraged by our first quarter performance and remain confident about the remainder of the year. For fiscal 2011, we anticipate an increase in net sales slightly ahead of the 3% growth indicated in our original outlook, due primarily to the impact of recent pricing actions. We continue to expect non-GAAP income for diluted share to be in the range of $4.50 to $4.60, including amortization expense of approximately $0.40 per share. We are also maintaining our outlook on various cash flow items that we provided last quarter, including depreciation, amortization, and capital expenditures. As we look forward, we feel positive regarding the plans we have in place and the tactical measures we have implemented. Due to our hedged coffee position relative to price, we would anticipate strong results in the second quarter. However, we have held to our original guidance range for the year. We believe this is prudent as we monitor competitive activity and consumer response to our pricing actions. We will be in a better position to adjust guidance if appropriate following the next quarter. At that time, we will have completed our back-to-school period and be in our fall bake and holiday season. In summary; first, we had another strong quarter; second, we will continue to adapt our tactics to ensure we are well positioned for the current environment, but our focus will not waver from our strategy and our long-term health of our brands; third, we feel confident in our ability to deliver on the earnings guidance provided; fourth, we continue to invest in our business and our brands through marketing and product innovation; and finally, we want to thank our dedicated employees for their continued commitment to our culture and doing the right things and doing things right. Thank you for your time today, and now, we’re happy to answer any of your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). And we’ll first hear from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman: Good morning, everybody.
Tim Smucker: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Katzman: Okay. I guess my first question has more specifically to do with the coffee business to the extent that the input has gone up a lot, you’ve taken pricing. Have your major competitors followed on that price increase? And are you seeing any loss, probably it’s pretty difficult because you are kind of small in the single serve, are you seeing any kind of elasticity either with single serve or with maybe some trading away from Dunkin to lower cost Folgers?
Vince Byrd: Good morning, Eric. This is Vince. Let me start with the pricing action that was very well received and probably expected when we announced in early August. I think it’s public information that our major competitor did follow on mainstream. It’s also public knowledge that our main competitor in the Gourmet segment did not follow. And so, they have a press release in regard to the resulting impact of that. The pricing is now just, I’ll say, being reflected on shelf in terms of the everyday price in both cases. The key that we’ll be watching during the second quarter and third quarter, though, are the price points during the key merchandising periods. In terms of pricing elasticity and volume impact, obviously we run models like everybody else does, but it really will depend upon the price points that the products are being merchandised. And I think it’s fair to say that our team will be monitoring those very, very closely, and we will respond where we need to in a responsible manner. And in terms of single serve, I would say that we haven’t seen any movement away from that to this particular point. That category continues to grow very, very significantly, and we really haven’t seen much trading off from gourmet at this point. The gourmet segment continues to show nice growth including our Duncan brand, which was up about 15% in the quarter.
Eric Katzman: Okay, thanks for that. And then I guess, follow-up maybe a broader question for Tim or Richard. There is a lot questions about the government’s approach to the tax policy on dividends. You have a lot of cash, a very strong balance sheet. I guess the assumption has been that you are going to be purchasing a lot of stock. Is there any kind of thought to changes in kind of given what if rates go up on dividends, is there any change that you would think of in terms of how you would use the cash flow to give back to shareholders?
Richard Smucker: Eric, this is Richard. When we look at our capital structure frequently and we do take into consideration the government policies, so that isn’t a subject that we haven’t talked about. We have talked about it, but we haven’t made any decisions at this point, and our plan would be to whatever we do would be the right thing for the shareholders’ value long-term, whether that’s something changed in the dividend policy or buyback of stock, which you know we will be able to do after November, that’s a two-year time period. So, we will look at all of those things, but we haven’t made a decision yet.
Eric Katzman: Okay. I’ll pass it on and get back in queue. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Richard Smucker: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: I just wanted to focus a little a bit on the retail oils and baking sector. Looks as though the volumes were down fairly heftily, double digits, and pricing was pretty flat. I am sure you’ve got the promotional dynamic in there. Were the volumes down mainly due to competitor activity? And if so, would that promotional activity funded by retail as all the competitors and are you seeing any relief on that in the last month or so?
Paul Wagstaff: Hi, Alexia, this is Paul Wagstaff. And first thing just want to state the obvious, the oils and baking team wasn’t happy with the results for the first quarter. Clearly, we want to do better. That being said, our long-term strategy we still feel is accurate. We think it’s good and again we managed the total oils and baking category as a whole on the long-term. From a volume perspective, on the oils side, we did see significant competitive pressure in the category, and we do see that, that was a main driver of why we had lower volume. On the baking side, we also had some significant competitive pressure, but there was also some planned declines in some of our lower margin items. We discontinued some items, for example, in flour which is a very heavy item, so big volume. We had some planned declines there. As far as going forward, we would anticipate it to be continuing from a competitive standpoint, but we feel we have pretty good plans in place to address that.
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you very much. And just moving on to the Coffee segment, did you get any benefit or any significant benefit to volume this quarter from the shipment of the K-Cups this quarter that I know that are really going to hit next quarter? And if so, how material was that volume benefit?
Vince Byrd: There were no K-Cups shipped in the first quarter and that will all begin in fact within a week or so. So, there was no volume as it related to that. I would like to go back to your previous question that you asked all about the funding, I think it’s fair to say from a macro perspective, there was a lot of disruptive pricing that occurred during the quarter, and I think the answer to your question is that’s being funded by both competitors and retailers. It’s just not one or the other.
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Ian Zaffino of Oppenheimer.
Ian Zaffino: Great, thank you. Just more of a theoretical question here. Now, that you have – I think you’ve done a great job in coffee and I think that you’ve really kind of established yourself as a great brand there. Is there an opportunity for you to kind of move away from the old Procter & Gamble pricing ways, the way you’ve trained the channel to look at green coffee and expect an increase or decrease depending on where it goes? In that, is there an opportunity to raise prices above and beyond what green coffee might go up and if it goes down maybe being able to hold pricing and hold margins? Thanks.
Vince Byrd: Well, I guess I would answer to some degree, we have already moved away from previous practices, primarily because of the way it’s managed from an inventory LIFO/FIFO perspective, we tend to be a little bit longer. But I think it’s true to our fundamentals that we are always transparent with our pricing with our customers. And this isn’t about margining up or margining down. It’s about taking it when we feel we need to that reflect those costs to accomplish our overall margin objectives or thought objectives for that fiscal year.
Ian Zaffino: Okay. All right. Thanks. That’s really my only question.
Operator: Jane Gelfand of Barclays Capital.
Jane Gelfand: Good morning. Just a question on how you are feeling about how the first quarter panned out versus how you are seeing the fall bake merchandising sort of getting set. You talked just two months ago about this being sort of a new normal and among the most toughest environments that you seen in your long career. So, I guess now you should have a little bit more visibility, given the merchandising that is ahead of time for fall bake. Do you see like, the first quarter was the toughest quarter that you’d expect from a promotional standpoint this year, or is fall bake going to be just as competitive and potentially as volatile?
Paul Wagstaff: Hi, Jane, this is Paul Wagstaff. From an oils and baking perspective, obviously we’ve had some significant competitive activities since the fourth quarter of last year in my area. And I would say that we would see some of that continuing to the fall bake time period. That being said, we want to be competitive and we’ve taken a price decline in our oils business to address some of this gaps on pricing on shelf, and we think that’s going to help address the issue going through fall bake.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. Just from an overall standpoint for the industry, there is no doubt about it. Everybody is trying to gain customers and there’s probably more promotional activity than we’ve seen historically. We see that continuing. And I think that’s why we say that we are willing to adjust our tactics not our strategy. We feel very comfortable with our strategy. But we will and have adjusted packets as we need to, to adjust to the market. But I think we’re well positioned to do that, what we call responsibly, so that we still deliver our results. And so, it is kind of a new normal, but we think we’re well positioned for that new normal.
Jane Gelfand: Thanks very much. That’s helpful. And just as a follow-up. As we think about the reset in some of the price gaps in Oils and Baking, how does that show through on the profitability line? Last quarter, we had seen very similar dynamics on the top line, but clearly profit was up in the double digits. Here, it’s down this quarter. So, as we think about the impact of that price reset, how do you expect that segment operating profit line to trend for the rest of the year?
Paul Wagstaff: Well, I think the key is we manage it for the full year. And we have a lot of different budgets that we’re managing to go towards our overall fiscal year margin goal. So, I think we’re positioned pretty well to manage that.
Jane Gelfand: Thanks very much.
Operator: Next, we’ll hear from Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Markets.
Ed Aaron: Thanks. Good morning.
Paul Wagstaff: Hi Ed.
Ed Aaron: So, I guess a couple on coffee. The reported sales numbers were surprisingly strong relative to some of the external retail data that we saw during the quarter. I know you didn’t announce the price increase until after the quarter ended, but did you perhaps see any inventory load into the channel in anticipation of those higher prices?
Vince Byrd: No. This is Vince. We clearly signed that announcement, so that there would not be any forward buys in the system and I can assure you that there was no load in the quarter for that, that’s a conscious decision that we made. But I want to go back to your point about what you see in the syndicated data information. I would say, we share your concern, but as we have said before, those syndicated providers measure only about actually less than 50% of our total volume. And so, the real numbers are we actually grew coffee during the quarter fairly significantly 5% on units and 7% on sales. And as you look at the syndicated information, you know that, that doesn’t show category growth or share growth. I will say that we did anticipate that our major competitor was going to have a gain during this period because of the pricing where they were and in some cases, as I think, Ken Goldman reported, they were below private label level. So, we did anticipate some share reflection, but again it doesn’t reflect the bigger picture of the growth that we have had with the brand.
Ed Aaron: Okay, thanks. And then just a follow up on the earlier question about price elasticity in the category. I mean, you haven’t owned Folgers long enough for us to really study that, but presumably you have a history of those numbers that goes back longer than what we can see. Based on that longer period of history, what would you kind of assume is maybe just a historical rule of thumb for how much volume would be expected to taper off relative to the magnitude of the pricing actions that you have taken?
Vince Byrd: We have, obviously, have our models and look at that, but as I’ve said earlier in my comments, it really is going to determine what the key price points are of our competitors and where we feel we need to be competitive. And so, it wouldn’t be fair for me to try to quote a number at this point.
Ed Aaron: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next, we’ll hear from Farha Aslam of Stephens.
Farha Aslam: Hi, good morning.
Vince Byrd: Hi Farha.
Farha Aslam: On several occasions, you’ve mentioned your long-term strategy, but willingness to adjust tactically. Have you gotten new tools that you can better respond to the market, or is it a new strategy that you are quicker in tactical changes? And how long and can you give us some examples on those tactics?
Richard Smucker: I’d like to turn it over to Steve in just a minute, because he is doing a lot for back-to-school right now with Paul Wagstaff. Most of our tactics of what we do on our promotional activity on a quarter-by-quarter basis and the levels of promotion, the types of promotions that we do, we also adjust advertising schedules to be at the right time. As Paul also mentioned, we have a number of buckets in terms of our marketing and promotional budgets, and we will adjust those up or down as needed. And that is, as Vince mentioned also earlier in Coffee, we’ll have to look at what the pricing points are during the holiday period, and we will adjust and we can do that pretty quickly, if we see certain customers in certain regions that we need to make promotional adjustments on. So, Steve, do you want to talk or Paul?
Steve Oakland: Sure. Hi, Farha, it’s Steve. If we look at back-to-school, for example, the syndicated data doesn’t reflect the fact that we had shipments up, for example, in peanut butter, and we’re really encouraged by that because a number of our largest customers have moved their back-to-school event into August away from July last year. So, we sort of got some dry powder there. We got some events there, and we’re far enough into August that we see those shipping. But what we mean by that is, we can stack customer specific marketing funds. We can stack our national promotional events, and we can stack our trade events, frankly. And our customers are looking for a little more bang. When we have to do that, we’re trying to avoid the deep, deep discounts. We are blessed to have a team of both national account folks, we’ve got advantage nationally helping us with that. And it just requires us to get all those things lined up, and I think we’re nimble enough in the way we’re structured. We’re able to get those things lined as quickly, so the retailer feels like they can put something on their front page that’s a little louder than maybe normal.
Farha Aslam: That’s helpful. And just as a follow-up, could you talk to the Uncrustables business, what’s the size of it, and how the manufacturing improvements are affecting profitability of that business?
Richard Smucker: Well, couple things. One thing that we didn’t catch in the script as we’re reading it, Uncrustable volume is getting back to more historic growth trends, and so we saw the Uncrustable business bounce back at the end of the fourth quarter, and we had a robust first quarter with it. So, it’s great to see those trends back. The whole wheat has just taken off. Quite frankly, we thought whole wheat Uncrustables would be the answer. They’ve been slow to catch on, but that’s no longer the case. We’re making them as fast as we can. And there is no question that a single planned footprint is much more efficient for us. So, all those things added up. It’s growing both in food service and it’s growing in the consumer business.
Farha Aslam: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Scott Mushkin of Jefferies & Company.
Scott Mushkin: Hi, thanks. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to get back to Vincent, your comments to Ed’s questions about coffee, because it seemed like even given the activities in the alternative channels of one of your competitors, it seems maybe I am wrong, that you’re little surprised that your volumes were as robust as they were. So, I’m just trying to dive down in this, if we look at the measured channel, which does the scanner data, we saw declines. We also know what was going on at Wal-Mart, which is probably another 25% to 30% of the market. So, in 80% of the market, we have a pretty good idea that coffee volumes were tough. So, I’m doing the math and the other 20% has to put up numbers that are just head scratching. So I’m trying to understand if you guys had visibility on why volumes were so good and where those volumes are going, or are people just drinking a lot more coffee, it’s kind of a head scratcher since Kraft talked about volumes up strong double-digits.
Vince Byrd: Sure. I don’t know if I can add much more than I’ve said earlier. You are correct. We are concerned about what’s being reflected in syndicated data. But I will say this, when we knew that a major customer were going to be very, very aggressive with its price points, and we anticipated that we may be short on volume back to our ability to implement, we went to sort of some rest of market and try to do what we could in a responsible way to make up part of that volume. And hence, we actually exceeded our expectations in the quarter given where we thought we may be in the end of the fourth quarter of last year. So – go ahead.
Scott Mushkin: Is rest of market, is it traditional retail, I mean where would the volume go?
Vince Byrd: Well, it would be everywhere, but the alternative channel. So whether you talk dollar class of trades, convenience, drug, military, on and on. So, it’s a club of all those other channels. But there was also, our grocery business actually turned out to be very, very strong given our ability to change some of our tactics during the quarter.
Scott Mushkin: And is there like a delay here, in other words some of the negative to one we saw in the fourth quarter was reflective of what was going to happen to you, or is there some timing issues here as well?
Vince Byrd: It could be, but although it seems to be a, we’ve had this issue before but yes, it could be.
Scott Mushkin: Okay. So, it sounds like you’re kind of scratching your head a little bit too or is that wrong?
Vince Byrd: No. I think that is fair a little bit. I think we are scratching our head given what we know that we are actually delivering.
Scott Mushkin: Okay. And then, I know there is also – thank you, that was very, very good. The coffee profitability, I think it was mentioned just quickly that there is hedges that are going to help coffee profitability quite a bit in the second quarter. Can we have little more detail around that?
Mark Belgya: This is Mark. I guess the only other additional detail, we have said in the past that we hedge for basically between 18 weeks to 22 weeks. So, clearly we’re covered over that period at a certain cost and we price to a certain cost as well. So, it’s just basically a difference in the pricing position and cover position that will generate that margin.
Scott Mushkin: In the second quarter, Mark, would that be expected even with, let’s say, Maxwell House gets promotional again, the elasticity of demand is now what we think, is it just kind of baked in the coffee profitability is going to be up almost no matter what happens to the end markets at this stage?
Mark Belgya: Yes. We have certainly factored in some potential competitive responses and what might be necessary understanding, we still believe that the margin increase is still there.
Scott Mushkin: And I have one final one, and then I will yield. Today when making the question about marketing spend in the quarter, was it up, down, maybe I missed that? I don’t know if you have any thoughts.
Mark Belgya: It was fairly comparable as a percent of sales with last year’s first quarter.
Scott Mushkin: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. Thanks for answering my questions.
Operator: Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Good morning. In scanner measured channels, your biggest branded competitor in jams and jellies just saw nearly a 20% drop in sales year-on-year in a category that otherwise seems to be doing fine. So, I am not really seeing anything that will be driving this. You look at their prices. They actually have seemed to rise significantly less than yours did over the last few months and they don’t seem to be promoting any less. So, I am wondering if there has been any changes you have seen in any competitor strategies or retailer strategies in this category. I am not really asking you to comment on any competitor or retailer specifically, but maybe you could just shed some light on some of the industry dynamics right now.
Steve Oakland: Sure. Hi, it’s Steve Oakland. That is odd for the jam and jelly categories, any of us to move that dramatically in one quarter. I can speak for our business, and I mentioned it in the previous comment, a number of our back-to-school events were moved into July or moved into August from July last year, and I can assume that. The other thing that we’ve done and we spoke in the script sort of the favorable mix. We’ve also put much more focus on our strawberry business than our grape business. And as you can imagine, that provides a much better dollar range for us, better margins for us and we also think it is a great place where our brand is so strong. So, it is not because we’ve gone out and taken the grape jelly business. So, I really can’t speak to why their numbers are the way they are, unless their key customer events are pushed back into the later end of the year as well, that’s the only thing I can think of.
Ken Goldman: As a ferocious eater of peanut butter and jelly, I am disappointed in your strawberry strategy there.
Steve Oakland: Well, we have grapes available. You just might have to pay a little more for it. Promotions (inaudible).
Ken Goldman: Okay. And then I am curious about the overall innovation environment right now. I guess both for you and in general, for food manufacturers, with all of Wal-Mart’s for SKU rationalization over the past two years and given the back to basics approach of both consumers and retailers, maybe there hasn’t been a lot of room on shelves for new products. But now that Wal-Mart has reversed course, they are going back to this more branded merchandising focus strategy, I’m wondering if there isn’t, I guess, a more welcoming atmosphere for new products right now. You guys mentioned some innovation today. My guess is there’s a lot of manufacturers that have a backed up R&D pipeline right now. So, is it a fair assessment that maybe we can expect new products to be a bigger driver than they recently have, or is it too early to say that? And I guess I’m asking both about Smucker and the industry as a whole.
Mark Belgya: Ken, I’ll start and I’ll let the others comment as well. I guess from our perspective, you still have to have an item that’s going to appeal to a consumer and be able to spend for it to be successful long term. You are correct about this, the overall SKU rationalization environment. Many of the SKUs that were eliminated during some of the major reviews have actually been added back very, very significantly. I don’t know whether that necessarily makes the hurdle higher for new products or not. We have been successful with virtually every one of our product categories, where we believe we’re bringing a consumer value and a proposition to the retailers they tend to go in. If there’s one thing that’s probably changed over the years is that they manually take them during certain periods of time when they’re reviewing their sets. And so, that’s something that we’re all very, very sensitive to, and they all tend to be on different cycles.
Paul Wagstaff: And Ken, this is Paul Wagstaff. In Oils and Baking side, we did launch about over a dozen new items this past year, and actually we’ve seen some very good acceptance of those items, the two key ones, sugar-free, frosting and cake mix as well as some cookies. So, that’s actually a nice bright spot in our baking business.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. I just think there is both continue to be emphasis on good and good for you products. And whether it’s ourselves or anybody in the food business, because I do think there is a real emphasis on people wanting to eat healthy. It’s still in the media, and we still push out on that. So, I still think it’s strong.
Tim Smucker: This is Tim. Let me just add say that, also as we’re positioned in many of our brands, in fact most of our brands as category leaders, one of the things we look at first of all is what’s the right set, and sometimes we’re the first ones to recommend some SKU recommendations and add good for you products in there. So, we’ve been really active in that area across all brands.
Ken Goldman: Thanks very much.
Operator: Jon Andersen of William Blair.
Jon Andersen: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to just touch on the outlook for the balance of the year. Obviously, you’re off to a strong start with a solid first quarter, and if I kind of run out the growth for the subsequent three quarters, it looks like to be expecting a low-single digit EPS growth from here on out to get within that range. Again, given what you said about pricing actions in Coffee, profitability in that business in the second quarter, what sounds like a strong set of innovation and back-to-school and fall bake programs, is there a certain element of conservatism here? I’m just looking for a little more color on why that outlook would have been maintained at this point versus maybe taking a higher fare? Thank you.
Mark Belgya: Hi Jon, it’s Mark. I guess, I would just sort of point everyone back to Tim’s comment, because I think that really tried to capture our view. While we certainly see some upside in the coming quarter and as we’ve talked, there are some key areas, competitive pressure is expected to continue. So, we just think it’s a little premature to just assume that, that will go down. So, I think your point of conservatism is probably fair in that when we get through the next quarter, clearly we’ll have our back-to-school behind us. We will be into fall bake. We’ll have a good read on that. We’ll have probably a little better sense of maybe where some of the commodities are headed. And if appropriate at the time, we’ll adjust guidance. Right now, we think keeping within our range is appropriate.
Jon Andersen: Sure, thank you. One quick follow-up, just on the K-Cup opportunity, can you talk a little bit about the timing of the introduction, how many SKUs we’re talking about, and have your expectations for supporting that emerging piece of the Coffee business? Thank you.
Tim Smucker: Yes, sure. I suppose without giving away too many secrets, we have six SKUs, three in Folgers Gourmet Select and three at the Millstone. The acceptance overall has been probably at or exceeded our expectations. As I mentioned earlier, we’re going to ship next month and should be on shelf by end of month, and we have a full complement of support for the launch including a new television advertising campaign. So, we are very, very excited about the prospects of that business.
Jon Andersen: Thanks, that’s very helpful. I appreciate it.
Operator: Chuck Cerankosky of Northcoast Research.
Chuck Cerankosky: Good morning, everyone. Wondering if you could comment on what you are seeing the consumer doing as you look at the mix of first quarter sales, not only in terms of what products were moving relative to the fourth quarter, but also things like sizes, and you mentioned the Uncrustables doing better. That’s a nice indication, but perhaps you could give us a little bit more across the board.
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. I’d like to turn it over to Steve. I think we said this a little bit last year, we see a continuing sense that they are concentrating more on our base products and, Steve, you see that more in your business probably than others. So, you might just comment on some of them.
Steve Oakland: Chuck, we had a good peanut butter quarter. We had a strong traditional fruit spreads. What I mean by that is regular strawberry and preserve strawberry jam, grape jelly. Large sizes do well, but quite frankly, some of those channels that are doing well right now tend to sell those sizes, whether it be club, whether it be dollar, whether it be one of the mass channel. And those channels quite frankly, the consumers’ going there right now. So, I am not so sure if it’s the consumer, the shopping channels of so large sizes or their desire to buy large sizes. The other thing though, if you look at the absolute opposite of that, our Orchard’s Finest product, candidly we were conservative with that initial rollout. It’s a premium product. The best fruit we buy, 100% sugar, small size, expensive. It continues to exceed the numbers we thought it would and we are continuing to roll it national. So, that’s on the exact opposite of that trend. So, you just got to be flexible and you have the products for each different channel and be able to put them there.
Chuck Cerankosky: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Robert Dickerson of Consumer Edge Research. Mr. Dickerson, your line is open.
Robert Dickerson: Hi, guys. I just had a couple of easy questions just to clarify. I know Q4, I think you said for the year, your expectation was raw material costs are going to increase about $70 million. Is it still on track?
Mark Belgya: No, it clearly has increased with the cost of coffee increase, and we are probably looking something almost two-and-a- half times that.
Robert Dickerson: Okay, that’s helpful. And then also for the back half of the year, as you go into fall bake, expectations on an increase in marketing spend, I mean, obviously in Q1 you said your spend was about the same as you saw in 2010 year-over-year. Would you expect that to continue or would there be potentially some increase in marketing?
Mark Belgya: I think that as we said marketing spend as a percent of sales was 6.6 this quarter, same as the last. I think our marketing spend all in all will be pretty comparable. And I’ve got to remind you that last year was a record spend in marketing, so to spend at that level is a significant statement, and we should be near that number.
Robert Dickerson: Yes. I could probably agree. And then also just, obviously, I know a lot of people are asking about your Oils and Baking segment, and what’s happening there, it’s very competitive. We obviously know what’s going on at Wal-Mart. I am just curious kind of – I know you have the strategy in place, but kind of going forward, if we’re looking at volumes and what the trends have been in the actual segment, I mean, obviously they’re weak, I’m just curious, what you think get those volumes back up essentially outside of just having to drop price, I guess that’s one? And then two, you’re doing a lot better in coffee and there is obviously a lot of margin benefits there. I’m just wondering at what point do you look at Oils and Baking as a segment for the total company and seeing that as potentially holding back some of the value in your overall business.
Paul Wagstaff: Hi Robert, Paul Wagstaff. To answer for the first part of your question, what brings some of the volume back, we’ve looked at this over the years and clearly when we get our price on shelf right and that means it’s at our competitor level. We see significant volumes gain come back to us. So, I wouldn’t say that price is clearly the driver there.
Tim Smucker: Paul, let me just add to that, that when we think of our brands, all of those brands are icon brands. Pillsbury and Crisco are great brands, and it’s not just one product in that category. So, Crisco is made up of oils, shortening, sprays and olive oil. And that brand together is a very, very strong brand, as is Pillsbury in frostings, in mixes, and cakes, powder, flour. So, clearly those are great brands and they continue to be and we continue to support them long term.
Robert Dickerson: Okay. Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman: Hi, thanks for taking the follow-up. I guess, somewhat related to the last question. Tim and Richard, from an industry perspective, it seems like the pretty deep promotions really haven’t resulted in kind of volume growth, and I think whether it’s that aspect hurting the food companies and their stock performance, and the retailer is kind of suffering from deflation and a lack of volume response. I guess maybe you could comment on, again, broadly thinking about the industry, what do you think where has the volume gone? And then two, even though you’re kind of calling for the promotional levels to maintain themselves as we kind of progress through the rest of the calendar year, do you see the coming inflation as likely to instill more discipline and eventual pricing through a retail?
Tim Smucker: Eric, this is Tim. Let me just take an overall comment first. As you know, we take a long-term view of the business and the economy. We are in a global environment, as we all know and I think everybody, consumer, our customers, our competitors are looking for balance. And to us, our consumers, and then consumers are looking for value and research that we have shows that they define value as what I get for what I pay and I value products and brands that reflect my values. And so, we have been and are committed to giving our consumers, our customers, and our shareholders that balance and that value through our consistent quality products, through transparency as we deal with our consumers and our customers. And with that, we think that long term we earn our trust everyday with our consumers, and then that helps us to fulfill our purpose of providing memorable meals and moments with our consumers. So, that’s sort of a global perspective, and we think that, that’s been consistent over the years and will be consistent going forward. There are going to be fluctuations in volume here and there by quarters, but we think that we are responsive and flexible and do have the tactics and the quivers to address those issues.
Richard Smucker: I might just add to that, is that we always say we are responsible promoting and I think Eric you had a good point. A lot of these deep discounting have not driven the category growth. Categories have not grown because of the deep discounting. So, we are willing to participate, but we are only willing to participate to a level that it makes sense for the category for the customer. So, on our tactics, our tactics we are trying do them responsibly, really to build the business as Tim said for the long term and not just go after the short-term volume hits.
Eric Katzman: Okay. And then just a follow-up for Mark. I am trying to remember back when we had a lot of input cost inflation, I think it was the company’s policy to basically not really disclose the dollar amounts for mark-to-market adjustments. I notice that this quarter you were pretty specific on what impacted gross margin. And with this run in input cost, it seems to me that and especially kind of saying you’re your hedge position in coffee is pretty favorable in the second quarter that there is going to be more mark-to-market gains in the P&L. So, are you going to kind of identify those going forward, or is it just going to be the regular kind of course of business, because as you know, most of the other companies in the industry basically pull the mark-to-market changes out of their P&L?
Mark Belgya: Couple of comments, Eric, on that. I think first of all, we provided the information and I think we have been both sides of that. A couple of years ago, I guess we had a fairly significant and for a couple quarters following that, we included in our release and our communications and of course we have it to some degree just as we would on anything else, it is a bit of degree of materiality. So, part of this is just how much. I think in these times, particularly as we’ve seen run-up in some of the wheat and little bit soybean including coffee that it is the expectation that those are out there and we feel it’s good disclosure to have it. Our philosophy is and the reason we included is that hedging is clearly a part of the business and there is a lot of things to go into what generates that. And we think putting the numbers out there is beneficial to you and to the investors, and they can kind of treat it as they will. But I don’t think it’s any significant change in our philosophy as far as it being in this quarter.
Eric Katzman: And then – sorry to follow up on that. So, in the 450 to 460 of operating earnings for the year, you are just basically assuming that by the time we end up with the year, these mark-to-market gains or losses are going to net out and that 450 to 460 is including whatever volatility that accounting requires?
Mark Belgya: That’s right, because right now what you’re seeing basically that’s the market for the commodities as of the end of July. And if all the things hold, then that cost will flip. But you’re correct. We’ve not built any assumptions of any significant gains or losses in our guidance.
Eric Katzman: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Jane Gelfand of Barclays Capital.
Jane Gelfand: Hi, again thank you for the follow-up. Just a quick question. Mark, on the last quarter’s call, we talked about your assumption that the trade spend budget that’s netted from gross sales really wouldn’t go up a whole lot year-on-year despite the fact that it was a more aggressive kind of promotional environment. So, clearly we’re talking a lot more about kind of tactical moves and the continuation of some of the aggressive behavior into the next couple of quarters. So, I guess how much did promotion peak away from the top line in the first quarter and how do we expect that to kind of trend through the next couple and through the rest of the year?
Mark Belgya: Jane, this Mark. In terms of the quarter, it really wasn’t very significant. I think it held true to pretty much what we said at the end of the last fiscal and that it wasn’t going to be dramatically different. I guess more on a macro approach for the remainder of the year, and again it’s kind of tied back to again some of the comments around our guidance is that we’re going to continue to monitor the competitive activity and we’ll react as necessary, and as we head through the next quarter, we’ll have a better sense of that. But I think it’s just more of a kind of wait-and-see, and as everyone has said, we’re going to be rational in what we do, but there may be times that we’ll have to address certain categories with those additional promotional dollars.
Jane Gelfand: Thank you.
Operator: Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Thanks. Given the success you have had in coffee, would you ever consider getting even larger and expand into other shelf stable beverages? It’s my understanding that maybe some tea brands, for example, might be for sale. And I guess without asking anything specific, of course, I am curious whether tea would even fit with your strategy or are you more comfortable looking to grow more on the food side right now?
Richard Smucker: This is Richard. I’ll just speak broadly. Our strategy is to own number one brands sold in the center of the store. We really don’t comment on individual categories in that regard. So, we look at a number of different categories, and we’ll continue to do that. But it really does have to fit that overall broad strategy. Sorry, I can’t be more specific.
Ken Goldman: No, that’s okay. And I know the call is running long, but just a general question about consumer products. It’s my understanding that Wal-Mart, the new regime has not been happy about all the out-of-stocks it’s been experiencing. Possibly, they are willing to accept higher inventory levels in exchange for fewer out of stocks. Is this something that’s consistent with what you’re seeing out there? And if so, is it possible, maybe this could lead to a temporary, almost manufacturer-driven or retailer rather driven trade loading, if you will, or is this not likely to happen?
Tim Smucker: Ken, I can’t say that we have seen that and have not heard that that’s the case. So, if it’s going on, we’re not aware of it.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Markets.
Ed Aaron: Thank you. Just a follow-up for Paul, I guess, on the Oil business. The pricing environment and the results this last quarter were kind of similar what happened last year where you had your main competitor promoting aggressively in a period where you tend to maybe lay low a little bit because you don’t view it as your prime season for that business. So, in that respect you seem similar to last year, but you seem maybe a little bit more concerned than you were a year ago about that continuing, and I am just wondering, when you think about this business right now versus a year ago, why do you maybe seem to have a different view of the fall bake season and the pricing environment for that period than you seemed to have had last year at this time?
Paul Wagstaff: Yes, hi Ed. I think one of the things that’s different versus last year is this competitive activity we have been seeing has really, it started at the end of or during fourth quarter of last year and it’s continuing, and I think that’s longer in a duration than we have seen previously. So, it seems like there may be slight change in some competitive activity and their strategies, and so it just adds little bit of the uncertainty to our upcoming fall bake and what we are anticipating from our competitors, so that’s really the driving factor.
Ed Aaron: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Lucas Klein of Putnam Investments. Lucas Klein – Putnam Investments Hi, guys. Just a couple of questions around coffee profitability. I guess is there any way that you can be more specific for us about what you are looking for in terms of the level of profitability for coffee in 2Q? And then you had a 30% to 31%, I think, long-term margin target out there for coffee. Obviously, that changed a little bit with the amortization reclass to that segment. So, can you just tell us kind of what the latest thinking is about reasonable long-term margins in that segment? Thanks.
Mark Belgya: Hi, Lucas. This is Mark. In response to your first question, we really aren’t going to provide any specifics around the quarter estimates. That’s just not something we would normally do. In terms of longer term, it’s the question it would be quite candid. I am surprised that it really took to this part of the call. But we have been pretty open. Since we bought the business that we had set some specific margin targets, but we always sort of had the caveat that, that was assuming no significant price changes. That clearly is no longer the case. So, we really don’t anticipate putting a margin percentage out there, we are just not sure that’s all that meaningful. But the expectation is we will continue to grow the business in line with our other business units. From a company’s perspective, we expect to grow our operating income roughly 6%. And that comes from both the businesses as well as the corporate administrative functions. So, they will achieve the targets that are going to help contribute to that. Lucas Klein – Putnam Investments Great, thanks a lot.
Tim Smucker: Okay. Well, thank you very much for all your interest in the questions today. And again, thanks to all of our great employees for their commitment to our consumers and our shareholders. So, thanks a lot. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 1-888-203-1112 or 1-719-457-0820; with a passcode of 111-9146 or by accessing the Website for a downloadable MP3 format. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating, and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-02-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard K. Smucker - Executive Chairman, President, Co-Chief Executive Officer  Mark R. Belgya - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President  Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman of the Board, Co-Chief Executive Officer  Vincent C. Byrd - President, U.S. Retail - Coffee and Director  Steven Oakland - President - U.S. Retail of Smucker's, Jif and Hungry Jack  Paul Smucker Wagstaff - President - U.S. Retail of Oils and Baking, Director  Mark Smucker - President - Special Markets, Director 
Analysts: Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Farha Ashlam - Stephens Jane Galfund (ph) - Barclays Capital Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research Alex Busan - Northcoast Research Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott Scott Mushkin - Jefferies Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research John McMillan - Lord 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the J.M. Smucker Company's third quarter 2010 earnings conference. (Operator's Instructions) I will now turn the conference over to the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Mark Belgya. Please go ahead sir. 
Mark R. Belgya: Good morning everyone and welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us. On the call from the company are Tim Smucker, Chairman of the Board and co-CEO, and Mark Smucker, President of Special Markets, who are joining us remotely and with me this morning in Orrville are Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman and co-CEO, Vince Byrd President of our Coffee business, Steve Oakland President of Smucker's, Jif and Hungry Jack and Paul Wagstaff, President of Oils and Baking. After this brief introduction, I will turn this call over to Richard for comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter, and Tim will provide an overview of our outlook and closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments we will be available to answer your questions. If you have not seen our press release, it is available on our website at smuckers.com. A replay of this call is available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, our Director of Investor Relations. I would like to remind that in both the prepared comments and the question and answer period that follows, we may make forward looking statements that reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure statements in the press release concerning such forward looking statements. I also want to point out that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release and on our website.  And finally, as you know the Folgers merger closed on November 6, 2008 and as a result this year's third quarter contains five additional days of operations from November 1 through November 5. I'll now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Smucker:  Thank you Mark. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. I would like to begin by summarizing the key financial highlights for the quarter.  First, we concluded a successful fall bake and holiday season in both the US and Canada. Our multi-brand themed events took advantage of all elements of the marketing mix, and generated a good response from our customers and consumers. Second, volume was up 4% with gains in nearly all key brands in both the US and Canada. Third, margins were once again up with improvements across most of our businesses. Lower commodity cost and synergy benefits were the primary contributors. Fourth, non-GAAP earnings per share were up 34%. Fifth, these earnings results resulted in cash from operations exceeding $320 million, a new record for the company. And finally, our performance continues to confirm our strategy of owning leading brands sold in the center of the store.  Let me now provide some commentary on each of our four businesses, beginning with Coffee. This quarter marked the first anniversary of the Folgers merger and a very successful first 12 months. We completed the integration and achieved our forecasted synergies all in line with original expectations. The financial results exceeded all pro-ProForma estimates and contributed to our overall strong performance. We are encouraged by our marketing initiatives, our new advertising and new products. For example, we will be shooting additional commercials for Folgers and Dunkin Donuts Coffee in the fourth quarter to add to those recently produced. We are also in the process of launching Dunkin Turbo which will add to our presence in the growing gourmet coffee category.  In addition we expanded distribution and support of Folgers Black Silk, which is receiving good consumer response. Our pricing and promotion strategy, implemented in the first quarter has been effective, offering consumers value on a daily basis while providing promotional support as needed. This quarter we continued to grow share as well as increased sales and profit in the coffee business. We are particularly pleased with our efforts to revitalize the core red can, our number one priority, and these are showing good results. The Folgers brand contributed most of the volume increase, while Dunkin Donuts Coffee realized double digit growth. Our sales of Dunkin Donuts coffee have now exceeded $225 million on an annual basis.  Also, as you may have seen this morning, we are pleased to announce we have entered into a multi-year manufacturing and distribution agreement with Green Mountain Coffee Roaster Company. This agreement will enable Green Mountain to manufacture single serve cake cups using coffee beans roasted and blended by Smucker for our Folgers Gourmet Selection and Millstone brands. This will enable us to participate to participate in the fastest growing single serve brewing system, the Keurig single cup brewers. As the leader in the coffee category, our goal is to participate in all segments of the business. Although the single serve segment currently represents less than 5% of total at home coffee, it is the fastest growing segment in the category.  Our agreement with Green Mountain allows us to market and sell the Folgers Gourmet Selections and Millstone cake cups to consumers in the US and Canada through grocery, mass retailers, drug stores and club channels. Our initial plans are to provide a variety of six offerings nationally. These products will be available toward the end of this year. We are excited about this relationship and the opportunity to enter into this fast growing segment.  Turning to the consumer segment, marketing increased 14% in the quarter with activities across all communication channels including new advertising for our Smucker's and Jif Brands. Volume was up across most categories with gains in Pancake Mixes and Syrups, Peanut Butter and Fruit Spreads. Net sales in consumer were impacted by increased promotional spending, mix of products sold and selective price declines. Our Oils and Baking segment delivered volume growth led by the Crisco and Pillsbury brands. A combination of new products merchandising programs and marketing investments contributed to a solid fall bake. Dollar sales for the segment were down as expected, primarily on price decreases taken last year in various categories and higher promotional spending.   Finally, sales in the Special Market segment increased 8%, in part due to favorable foreign exchange and five additional days in Folgers.  The Export and Food Service Coffee categories and the Natural Foods area all achieved volume growth. In addition, volume gains were realized in Canada, primarily in the Baking and Spreads categories. Canada's fall bake was very strong, the best in many years. During the quarter Robin Hood, an iconic Canadian brand with a strong heritage recognized it's hundredth anniversary. In celebration we set up several Robin Hood branded bakeshops and invited families to prepare easy and fun recipes.  This public relations effort received substantial media exposure and more importantly demonstrated our commitment in helping consumers create memorable meals and moments. In summary, we delivered another record quarter with record financial results, affirming our strategy of owning the marketing center of the store number one food brands. This fall bake and holiday period marked the first time we were able to include the Folgers brands in planning and execution, and we were pleased with the results. The addition of Folgers elevates our family of brands to a higher profile and positions us to meet the needs of both consumers and our retailers. I'd now like to turn the call back to Mark and have him review the financial results for the quarter.
Mark R. Belgya: Thank you Richard. Sales for the quarter increased $23 million or 2%. Excluding the additional coffee sales and the impact of foreign exchange, sales decreased 2% for the quarter. Overall volume was up 4% but was more than offset by a 6% decline due to price and mix, with price including promotional spending the key driver. In certain instances we chose to increase trade spending in order to pass along decreases in commodity costs which may not be sustained, rather than take in a permanent price list reduction.  GAAP earnings per share were $1.14 this quarter and $0.68 in the third quarter of last year. Excluding charges, earnings per share were $1.17 this quarter and $0.87 in last year's third quarter, an increase of 34%. Last year's results include a number of factors which make quarter over quarter comparisons a bit more difficult. Items specifically related to Folgers include an unfavorable inventory revaluation adjustment of $12 million, additional promotional expense and a difference in the recognition in marketing expense between the third and fourth quarter. Also included in the third quarter of last year and partially offsetting these negative amounts related to Folgers, was the favorable impact of the reversal of mark to market charges related to non-qualifying commodity instruments. You may recall the mark to market charges were originally recorded in the second quarter of last year.  Operating income increased $46 million for the quarter, excluding charges, an increase as a percent of sales from 14.3% to 17.8%. We realized non-cash impairment charges of $10 million this quarter related to the write down of certain untenable assets primarily the Europe's Best trade name in Canada. This impacted margins by approximately 80 basis points.  Gross profit increased $7 million to 38% of net sales from 33.9% last year. Much of the improvement is attributable to Folgers, including the impact of lower green coffee costs and the extra five days of business. In addition last year's gross margin was impacted by the inventory adjustments I noted earlier. Lower costs on raw material and freight across all our businesses favorably impacted this quarters margin.  SG&A expenses increased approximately $3 million but decreased slightly as a percent of net sales, from 17.9% to 17.8%. Marketing decreased in the quarter primarily due to the recognition of Folgers marketing expenses between the third and fourth quarters of last year. We expect marketing expenses for Coffee and the total company in the second half of the year to be higher than last year, resulting in significantly higher marketing expenses in the fourth quarter. During last year's third quarter the organization and shared service structures necessary to support the combined businesses was not yet complete. As a result this year's general and administrative expenses are higher, reflecting the full model to support the coffee business and the larger company. In addition, pension and other employee related benefit expenses increased.  And finally, the current year included approximately $2 million of costs associated with the pending closure in April 2010 of our West Fargo North Dakota plant. Another $2 million to $3 million is expected in the quarter. This plant currently manufactures a small portion of our Uncrustables product which will be transitioned to our Scottsdale Kentucky facility.  The effective income tax rate for the quarter was 31.3% reflecting the impact of reduced effective tax rates in Canada compared to 31.8% in last year's third quarter. This brings out year to date rate to 33.7%. We continue to anticipate a full year tax rate of approximately 34%. Let me now provide details on our four segments. As you may recall, last year's third quarter coffee results for Canada were included in the US retail Coffee segment. We have reclassified last year's third and fourth quarter segment results so that coffee is accounted for in the US retail Coffee and Special Market segments consistent with fiscal 2010. The reclassification's for both quarters are included in our press release.  As reported, sales for the US retail Coffee segment increased 9% in the quarter, including the five additional days. Volume increased approx 4% compared to the same three month period last year, that is November 1 to January 31 for both years.  Coffee segment profit increased 52% and margin improved from 21.3% to 31.5%. Last year's margin was lower due to the merger related inventory valuation adjustments and the recognition of marketing and promotional expenses between the third and fourth quarters as previously noted. This quarters coffee margin again benefited from favorable green coffee costs, although to a lesser extent than the first two quarters of this year. This benefit is the primary reason coffee margins exceeded the long term margin expectation of 30% plus this quarter.  In our US retail consumer segment, sales were up 1%. Volume was up 4% with gains in Pancake Mixes and Syrups, Peanut Butter and Fruit Spreads. Volume gains were mostly offset by higher promotional spending, product mix and price declines on selected items, notably ethnic flour and red and black raspberry fruit spreads. Segment profit increased 6% mainly due to lower raw material and freight costs which were partially offset by the higher marketing spending. Segment margin improved by 110 basis points compared to last year's third quarter.  In US retail Oils and Baking segment, sales declined 12% compared to last year, reflecting the impact of price decreases taken last calendar year and higher promotional spending across the segment. Volume was up 3% primarily led by the Pillsbury and Crisco brands. These gains were partially offset by modest decline in canned milk. Segment profit declined 17% mainly due to the inclusion last year of the reversal of mark to market charges for commodity instruments. In addition a higher portion of sales sold on promotion in this year's quarter and product mix contributed to the decrease.  Sales in the Special Market segment increased 8% but excluding the impact of foreign exchange in the additional Folgers sales declined 1%. Most categories in Canada achieved volume growth, as did our Natural Foods and Export businesses. Food service portion control volume declined, which is still generally attributable to the general economic environment.  Overall, volume in this segment was up 6%. The impact of volume growth was more than offset by mix and increases in promotional spending.  Profit in the special market segment was again strong, increasing 53% for the quarter, primarily due to lower raw material costs and a higher percentage of coffee sales across the segment compared to last year. Margins improved from 12.6% to 17.8%.  Let me conclude with comments on other financial metrics. EBITDA, excluding merger related costs and adding back share-based compensation expense as amortization, was $267 million or 22.1% of net sales. Through the first nine months of the year, EBITDA was $790 million or 22.3% of net sales.  Cash from operations in the third quarter was a record $323 million, bringing the year-to-date total to $509 million. With capital expenditures of $113 million, our nine-month free cash flow totals nearly $400 million. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim.
Timothy P. Smucker: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. We're very pleased with our financial results for the first nine months of the fiscal year, and as a result we are comfortable again raising our outlook for the year.  We anticipate income per diluted share, excluding merger and integration costs, in the range of $4.02 to $4.07, an increase from our previous range of $3.95 to $4.05. Amortization of $0.40 is included in our forecast. Excluding amortization, our new forecast is $4.42 to $4.47 per share. These earnings are based on a sales range of $4.5-$4.6 billion.  Our forecast for the year includes the impairment charge of $10 million or $0.05 per share that we recorded this quarter. Based on the expanded guidance range, we anticipate our adjusted EBITDA, excluding merger and integration costs, will approximate $1 billion. Importantly we remain committed to our long-term strategic objectives of 6% annual sales growth and greater than 8% earnings per share growth.  Although we normally do not comment on quarters, our outlook for the year obviously forces a range of earnings for the fourth quarter.  As we stressed in both our first and second quarter calls, this year's fourth quarter results will be less than last year, which was exceptionally strong. Mark has commented on a few of these items, but to summarize, last year's fourth quarter was higher than the third quarter, contributing 55% of the second half's earnings per share. We do not expect this weight in to recur. The shift in marketing expenses between last year's third and fourth quarter will result in incremental marketing in this year's fourth quarter of approximately $20 million. Coffee margins in last year's fourth quarter and the first half of this year far exceeded our long-term target, primarily due to favorable green coffee costs. Although still favorable, the additional contribution from lower green coffee cost will be less. Finally, costs in the basics category are up significantly from the fourth quarter last year, particularly sugar, cocoa, and milk. In response, we have announced the prince increase for private-label milk which will become effective later in the fourth quarter and are considering other pricing actions. However, any future pricing actions are not expected to impact the fourth quarter. So in summary, first, the addition of Folgers contributed to a strong fall bake and holiday season. Second, we are pleased with our financial performance including the significant generation of cash. Third, we have again raised our outlook for the year. And fourth, our performance continues to confirm our strategy of owning leading brands in North America in the center of the store. And finally, we want to thank our talented team of all of our employees throughout the company for their tremendous efforts. We thank you for your time today and now we're happy to answer any of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator's Instructions) And your first question today will come from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, everybody. I guess the cash build here is pretty remarkable and I've heard reports from some other companies that they, I think like somebody told me that Ralcorp, for example, they had felt okay to buy back stock even within the two-year kind of restriction. So I'm wondering if you could just comment on that if that same approach could apply to you? And then if not, just kind of where do you think the board kind of goes with the dividend or the use of cash over the next couple of quarters?
Mark R. Belgya: Eric, it's Mark. I'll start and I'll have Richard answer the second part of the question. The rules under the Reverse Morris trust do allow for repurchase. It's obviously sort of situational. The way that our agreement with Proctor is such that we are holding to the two-year window. Of course that's only eight months out basically. So I think we've commented before, we have a little under 4 million shares already authorized by the board. So if the situation is appropriate at that time, we could enter the market, I think I've commented in the past we were fairly active in the time leading up to the purchase of Folgers, so we certainly will reevaluate that, but not to expect to do anything from a repurchase until November.
Richard K. Smucker: And Eric, this is Richard. On your second question regarding dividends, as you know, our board reviews our dividends each quarter, but it's historically our fourth quarter of the year that we look at increasing those and that meeting's coming up in April.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then I guess just as my followup, maybe to Vince, you announced the single-serve agreement with Green Mountain, can you just kind of get a sense as to what you think that means and is that a margin kind of accretive deal to the extent that you're already producing pretty high margins in coffee as it is?
Vincent C. Byrd: Yeah. Sure, Eric. Let me back up. I think it's fair to say that we continue to get the question asked about how we think about the single cup space and I think our standard answer to date has been as a market leader in any product category, we'll (inaudible) in all segments. We also are a company that likes to dot the I's and dot the T's and we took time over the past 12 months or so to really evaluate the landscape, both domestic and internationally, and several months ago basically concluded that we believe that Green Mountain and Keurig was the right partnership for Smucker, and I think you all know through their public filings that they are the leader in home brewers. Their growth rates have been significant. I believe their public in the recent quarter that they sold about 650 million K-Cups and they have a very, very high consumer appeal. In terms of what we can bring to the party, we believe that leveraging our marketing, selling, distribution, and all of our brands will not only be good for Smucker, but more importantly will help grow the overall category and really provide a channel for consumer to purchase K-Cups because a significant amount of them are not purchasing what we would consider our traditional retail channels. And so long term we hope that it'll contribute to our strategic growth objectives. Given the fact that we will be launching later this fiscal year and clearly, Eric, we'll be investment spending in the brand, there will be a margin hit as with launching any new product, but long term I think it's fair to say that once the margins or the marketing normalizes that it will not be dilutive to the company.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. I'll pass it on, thank you.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Ken Goldman with JP Morgan.
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan: Good morning. Just a little more color if I could on Green Mountain, and forgive me if it's in the press release, but the exclusivity, it seems like you can't use another single-serve brewer if you wanted to, but I'm curious about the exclusivity in terms of whether Keurig is allowed to also use Maxwell House, for example, in its single-serve systems?
Vincent C. Byrd: Hey, Ken. I don't know that we want to go into those details, but I think you'll probably know that they have their own system that's been in the marketplace for a number of years and maybe I'll just leave it at that.
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan: Okay. And then my second question, it's always dangerous looking at AC Nielsen data, but I'll take that risk. According to AC Nielsen, in measured channels your skews are down in Folgers some 10%-15%, which is normal given the economy and what's happening. If this is accurate, when does this lap? Because if you look at your velocities and you look at your distribution, they've both been pretty impressive. So it's possible, and I'm curious what your comment is, that maybe sales are artificially low because you've taken some skews out and that when you lap that things will look even better. Is that a fair assessment or not?
Vincent C. Byrd: Well, your first comment is the most important one. It's risky looking at the data that you have available to us. I would not say that our skews are down significantly. We have clearly shifted some emphasis to within the category, but if you look at the O&D period over the last quarter, clearly the category's up, we grew share during that category in both our core Red Can and lead by Dunkin'. As you know, the challenged area that we have is Millstone so maybe that's being driven by Millstone, I'm not exactly sure. So overall we feel very good in where we're positioned right now, Ken.
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: And next we'll move onto Farha Ashlam with Stephens.
Farha Ashlam - Stephens: Good morning. Could you comment on sort of the mix changes that you spoke about? Do you see that continuing? Comment on the consumer and how the consumer's feeling regarding trading down to more basic products and what will cause them to trade up again?
Steven Oakland: Hi, Farha. Steve Oakland. I can comment about mix change in consumer. I guess there's two things. Earlier in the year we did see in the food spread business particularly that consumers sort of trade from our more premium items, the Simply Fruit or low sugar or sugar free, into traditional food spreads. We were, frankly, pleased that we saw some of those segments come back in the quarter. So I don't know that we can say that that's an economic indicator, but we saw people (inaudible) those better for you segments and higher cost per U or cost per ounce segments. Frankly, in consumer we had a great period in pancakes and syrup. And given the seasonal time and the promotional strategy behind with the tie-ins with coffee, we had a great Hungry Jack period, and that did drive some of our mix change. And what happens there is, as you can imagine, a box of pancake mix on promotion is $1.99, but it's a lot of tonnage. So although the margins are good and you can see that in our segment reporting, we did move a lot of tonnage in those categories which sort of dilutes or causes the impact of high tonnage and lower net sales.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Hi, Farha. This is Paul. On the oils and baking side I'd point out one mix change that we saw and that's really on the flour side of the business. We saw significant growth in flower over the O&D time period and that's a little less margin item than some of our other items. 
Farha Ashlam - Stephens:  And maybe as a follow up, could you just share with us promotional trends as they went through the quarters versus what you're seeing today? Have you seen any mitigation of promotional pressure as the quarter continued?
Mark R. Belgya: Let me start, Farha, and then I'll turn it over to Paul and Steve. From a pure coffee perspective, the strategy that we implemented in our first quarter of reducing our trade spend and putting that into everyday price, I think we would deem as a success at this point and we clearly got some very good merchandising during the holiday bake period, but net-net we're very comfortable with where our pricing is.  The second comment that I would make though is that many of us just came off of a recent retail industry event, and clearly our customers are driving price points on leading brands that are not necessarily funded by manufacturers, and using them to increase the foot traffic and so they may be taking little or no margin on our brands. So I would just make that comment from a macro perspective and then I'll turn it to Paul and Steve.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Hi, Farha. Paul here again. On the oils and baking side. On the Crisco oil part of the business we did not take our price down, a list price down, starting in the first quarter of this year. Instead what we did is we chose to spend those additional dollars and basically give that funding back to the retailer in the form of promotional spending instead of price decline. So that's what we have been experiencing this whole year so far.
Steven Oakland: And then, Farha, hi, Steve. In the consumer business the trends that Vine talked about, the retailer wanting some hot price points on their front page, and if you think about a year ago, it was when peanut butter experienced the tough times with the PCA recalls. Peanut butter was a very competitive quarter and I think everybody saw opportunities to lap pretty soft numbers in the previous quarter and so there was a lot of peanut butter promotion activity during the quarter driven by the manufacturing community, and I would argue, driven by the retailer.
Farha Ashlam - Stephens: That's very helpful, thank you.
Operator: And next we'll move onto Jane Galfund (ph) with Barclays Capital.
Jane Galfund - Barclays Capital:  Good morning. As we look at your margins in the quarter, they were approaching 19% on a clean basis once you take out the impairment and looking across the group that's certainly at the top end from a benchmarking standpoint, well above that 15% target you laid out a couple of years ago. And so I know you've mentioned in the past that you're working through sort of the core to find out where more opportunity may lie from here and perhaps you'll talk about that more as the fiscal year comes to an end, but for now I guess we'd be curious to hear your thinking in how you strike that balance between keeping the margins high at the attractive levels they are currently versus making sure there's enough flexibility there to kind of fund the core and keep it growing.
Mark R. Belgya: Hi, Jane. It's Mark. It's a good question, and I think that what I would say and I think it would be reinforced by everybody in the room is that being in the game for the long term, we are going to take opportunities to reinvest to the brands. We've obviously this year had the luxury of profitability of coffee and the overall lower commodity costs to do that pretty significantly across all the business. But at some point our view is that commodity costs will tick back up and as a result we'll have to continuously look across the organization to find productivity gains and the like.  I know we say this sort of every time, but it is the way we operate is that our businesses, our presence, are all charged with identifying those opportunities and again, now that the Folgers' integration is basically complete and as we head into fiscal '11, that's what we're going to focus on. It doesn't mean that we're not going to look for acquisitions or do anything differently, but we can focus a little bit more attention on those areas and that can cross production, it can cross the administrative functions, and all the way across supply chain.
Jane Galfund - Barclays Capital: Thanks. And then maybe as a quick followup and a little bit closer in, even though you may be working on sort of the longer-term opportunities side and productivity, we know that margin expansion's never a straight line, the environments clearly are challenging economically, everyone across the industry is starting to spend back more in promotions and obviously the commodities have kind of bounced off recent troughs. So maybe as we look at over the next four quarters, I know you don't have a crystal ball, but how do you think about how margins are likely to trend more year end versus the longer-term vision that you might have?
Mark R. Belgya: Well, I guess what I would say is just to your opening comment — I mean, clearly our margins are high in the industry, but we believe a lot of that comes from the acquisition strategy we've followed and the strength of the brands the interactions the brands play. Costs, we think, if you just kind of look across, are ticking up a bit so we will evaluate that and if necessary, take pricing actions to try to maintain that. But in the short term, and we'll have much more to say on this in June when we talk about FY11, but in the short term we're going to continue to try to guard the margins, but at the same time, for example in the K-Cups space we will invest as necessary.
Jane Galfund - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research.  
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research:  Good morning, everyone. Alex Busan (ph) and I are both here and we have some questions.
Alex Busan - Northcoast Research: Yes. A couple of questions for you; in the press release you indicated you're looking forward to additional opportunities. I suspect one of those is K-Cups, but what else is behind it? Does that mean innovation, acquisition, or something else?
Richard K. Smucker: This is Richard. Well, I think it probably means all of those. We're always looking for more opportunities, but primarily I think it was the K-Cups in the short term, but we're also looking for new products and we've got a number of new products that are being launched and about to be launched, so that's what that meant, I guess I should say.
Alex Busan - Northcoast Research:  Given the inclusion of K-Cups, does that alter your go-to-market strategy for institutional coffee sales?
Mark R. Belgya: No, it does not, because we actually only have the rights for the product in what we would consider to be our traditional grocery retail club mass channels, and not in the food service or office-home space.
Alex Busan - Northcoast Research: All right, and then maybe one more for me; can you talk about Europe's best and why the impairment charge (inaudible)?
Mark Smucker: Yeah, I can take that. Basically, I think Mark alluded to there was a $10 million number, it's somewhat less than that. It's probably in the $8 million range in terms of we had a large customer, one of our key customers in Canada that basically went out and bid their private label business, bundling that with some of the branded products, and a competitor was awarded that. And so although we had lost some of the items in that customer, we were able to retain and expand our frozen-vegetable business because the losses there on the skews were mainly on fruit, but we do believe moving forward that we have an opportunity in the future to recapture at least a decent portion of that frozen-fruit business so that's essentially, and I don't know Mark if you want to elaborate at all on that?
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. Maybe, Alex, just to kind of close the accounting loop on that then is that event where that loss of business, in our opinion it triggered what's called a potential indicator of impairment so we went through the accounting requirements and basically valued the business. And when we looked at the fair value of that trademark versus what it was on the books for, that's what caused the impairment charge. So right now we don't think there's anything based on the current business environment that would require us to take an additional charge, but that is how the accounting was taken care of.
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: And then finally, if we look at the Uncrustables business, how are trends there shaping up and what's that telling you about the consumer?
Mark Smucker: This is Mark Smucker again. Just overall, I think the business, we still feel very good about that business and in the food service side anyway we are seeing that our business versus last year in the quarter is up in schools and a part of that is driven by the launch of our waffle product. So with the combination of both the sandwiches and the waffles we're seeing good trends and more importantly as well, the profitability of the business continues to inch up and we're pleased with that.
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Profitability is measured in return on sales or in dollar operating profits?
Mark Smucker: Mostly dollar operating profit.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: And if we look at Uncrustables in retail, I spoke earlier about the PCA recall a year ago. If you remember, a lot of the media on that was about it being ingredient peanut butters that were problems, and although our items were not involved in any way, we think it did hurt Uncrustables a year ago. So we're pleased to see Uncrustables' volume actually up in the third quarter so we think we've got that behind us, hopefully the economic conditions behind us a little bit, and feel good about it going forward.
Chuck Cerankosky - Northcoast Research: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning, everyone. Just a couple of quick ones, am I right in thinking promotional activity was up fairly significantly in coffee this quarter? Is the plan to continue that back into the fourth quarter or do you expect to see some moderation there?
Mark R. Belgya: Well again, I would not say that coffee promotional activity was up significantly in the third quarter. You have to take into account the pricing and promotional strategy that we implemented in the first of the year. There's a lot of noise going on because of price decreases primarily and then of course we increased Colombia earlier in the year, but net-net, our trade spend was not up during that period. And then as you dial that forward to the fourth quarter, it will not be as deep as it was last year because again we hadn't enacted what we call our pricing promotional strategy that we implemented in the first quarter, but I would say we got better quality merchandising during the third quarter than maybe was done last year.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Great. And then just one quick follow up, you quantified the marketing spending increase in the fourth quarter as $20 million, are you able to quantify the reduction year on year that happened in the third quarter in dollar terms?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: It would be about, the total company, about $10 million.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Great, thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: We'll move on to Mitchell Pinheiro with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Yeah hey, good morning. Two questions, first around the Green Mountain news. So when you studied the single-cup market over the last year, how big do you think single cup could be in the at-home channel say in three years or five years?
Mark R. Belgya: That's a really good question and I really wouldn't offer a guess at this point. I think if you look at the growth that Green Mountain is public with, it's probably a good indication, but as you know it's just grown very, very significantly over the last several years, but it's currently a relatively small category when you compare it to the overall coffee category, particularly at traditional grocery or mass, but again, we believe that we can help fuel that growth and provide another avenue for the consumer.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. And then if curiously, Dunkin' Donuts was not included in this agreement at the moment, if you could comment as to why? Is it perhaps because you don't own the brand or I'd love to understand that, and also understand — I guess it's not your Red Can business, is that a demographic issue?
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. I think we just have to start somewhere and we chose to focus on our two gourmet brands of Folgers Gourmet Select and Millstone. Obviously we have a very, very solid relationship with our friends at Dunkin' Donuts and our business continues to flourish there, but our initial offerings are going to focus on our two brands.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: So it's not out of the question that you could have Dunkin' Donuts in K-Cups at some point?
Mark R. Belgya: Our initial focus will be on our two brands (laughter).
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. And then finally just relating to guidance, so if you look at your sales guidance, that would imply a fourth quarter range of flat to maybe down 10%. I'm just not sure why the down? If you could talk about the down 10% part of the range?
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. Well, I think first of all, last year in the fourth quarter, and I know it's something you guys are new to so that you might not be as familiar with this, but last year's fourth quarter was an extremely strong coffee quarter. The business overall did well, but coffee did extremely well. It was our first promotion around the Easter holiday and we just had a blowout quarter. So we expect it to be down.  I think probably if you just do the math which it sounds like you're doing on a 10%, it would be a volume decline, but probably incremental spending to get to that point would push it down to that, although that would not be our expectation. It would be negative 10.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. And then on the earnings per share, the implied just backing out the three quarters, has that roughly — I hope my math is correct, but $0.88-$0.95 would be the range for the fourth quarter? Am I doing the math correctly there?
Mark R. Belgya: That seems too high. We're at $3.30 for the year to date so it would be more in the mid-to-upper 70s.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Excluding the $0.17-$0.19?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. So if I add that back in —
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. If we just talk what we would call non-GAAP earnings, we're at $3.30 through the first nine months and then the high end would be $0.77 to get to the $4.07.
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, beautiful. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll hear from Scott Mushkin with Jefferies.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: Hey, guys. Thanks, I actually have a few questions here. So just quickly on the fourth quarter, and I know there was a lot of noise and it was a blowout fourth quarter last year, but one of the things that struck me is volume growth in the third quarter accelerated a little bit. Are trends the same in the fourth quarter so far? Could you maybe speak to that just so we kind of know how the base business is doing?
Mark R. Belgya: No, they would not be the same. Clearly we're projecting to have a volume decline in the quarter. Again, part of it driven by the coffee, but no, we are seeing, as expected, a planned decline.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: Okay. So that's expected, and you attribute that, Mark, to just some great numbers that came out of the first promotional activity in Easter, did I get that correctly?
Mark R. Belgya: That's exactly right. And yeah, just to be clear, when I say down, down to last year's fourth quarter.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: And that's specifically in coffee, the other businesses you're not expecting that or you're expecting that through all the businesses?
Mark R. Belgya: Generally we expect oils and baking will probably be down some, but I think otherwise we're expecting to be reasonably flat.
Richard K. Smucker: Yeah. This is Richard. Our business is still solid. There's not a change in how our consumers are buying or spending. Our business is still very solid, it's just the fact that last year's fourth quarter was abnormally strong so we don't see any change in the general economic conditions.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. Just to kind of frame things in and for what it's worth, it's that one of the comments we made, I believe it was in our lead in into the fiscal '10 of last June is we categorized our sales and we said that about 55%-60% of our sales for the total year would fall in the second and third quarters and then the remainder obviously in the first and fourth quarter. Based upon our projections that we have provided as part of our outlook, we're basically seeing that 55% of our sales are falling in those two quarters. So we're pretty much in line with what we expected from a dollar-sales perspective.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: So you're not seeing a big change in competitive activity or anything that's driving lower volume expectations? It's purely because of this look in your own numbers year over year?
Mark R. Belgya: That is correct, yes.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: Okay. So I want to dive into something that Kraft said and understand coffee as we move forward. Kraft down at (inaudible) said hey, we had a tough quarter in coffee, and they actually there with all of you guys (laughter).
Mark R. Belgya: We heard.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: We're getting promotional — I guess I would say my question to you is, number one, you seem to be gaining a lot of market share, it doesn't seem to be coming because of a lot of promotional or unsustainable promotional activity so what do you guys attribute the market share gains to the number one reason, and is it sustainable?
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. Let me enforce a couple of things, and yes, we obviously did hear that comment. It was brought to our attention. I think in a macro sense you can say that period we had basically owned the business for still less than a year, but it's the ability for our sales and marketing team to leverage up the Folgers and Dunkin brands with our other iconic brands and as we said previously, it gives us the opportunity to maybe get on the front page of the ad or it might get us display activity that we might not have been able to historically. We're honestly a little perplexed as to the comment because when our team looked at the numbers, our quality merchandising was clearly up and our competitors' price points were not as low as they may have been last year, but for the most part they were slightly to significantly below our price points. And so we're not sure that we understand the comment. Now as I mentioned earlier, there were instances where we did not fund the pricing as our retailers chose to use Folgers or in the case they have used our competitors brand to drive foot traffic to their stores to make sure they're competitive within their respective marketplace. But net-net, we're very pleased that our promotion and pricing was executed within our guidelines and with very, very few exceptions, and we obviously will have learnings, but we feel we're in a good place and it is our objective to grow share long term.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: Do you think you're gaining shelf space at key retailers and is that something that is happening and can be sustained?
Mark R. Belgya: Well, there's always opportunities. Probably the biggest one is that with the Dunkin' brand we have less than a third of skews of the main competitor and yet we have the number one and three of the top five skews turning in there and so we believe there's opportunities for incremental shelvings or facing I should say, of particularly Dunkin', and also I would just add Black Silk which was referred to earlier was a major emphasis of ours. We think it's a great product. We've put some incremental marketing behind it and grew ATV of it as well.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: I had another question, 1.5 more if I may. Sorry for taking up so much of your time, but getting back to the dividend question or the cash, the huge cash build that you guys are seeing, I do think you have said a 40% payout ratio is what you're targeting. When you look at that ratio given the big spread between cash earnings and GAAP earnings, what's the number we should be focused in on there? And then I had one more with the K-Cups if I could, a half of one.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. I would say we have typically paid 40% of our, I guess it would be our GAAP earnings over time. For the longest time there really wasn't a difference and I think that this is one of the discussion points we'll probably go through with the board because, as you suggested, the difference between sort of, particularly a GAAP number and something more that represents the free cash flow or earnings per share.  I think it's more likely than not though that it would be probably around our non-GAAP earnings per share. I mean that's what we report to the street, but it will be something that we'll take under advisement with the board.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: Okay. And then as far as looking at this K-Cups investment, I mean, is it going to be so substantial that we could get flat earnings as that happens or is not going to be to that level?
Mark R. Belgya: No, absolutely not.
Scott Mushkin - Jefferies: Okay, thanks. Thanks for letting me ask so many questions. I appreciate it.
Operator: We'll hear from Edward Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets:  Thanks. Good morning, everybody. So I just wanted to circle back on Scott's question and about the competitive landscape in coffee and the comments from Kraft. Have you seen any meaningful change more recently? I mean, the January retail data looked like some of the share had shifted maybe a little bit more in their direction and I'm just wondering if you're seeing any type of competitive response from your main competitor there that has you at all concerned?
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. Well, as we all know, month to month there's going to be activity from all of us in the category. Probably the biggest news is, as I think you're all aware, they chose to follow us on our promotional pricing strategy that we implemented in the first quarter. So that was implemented or is being implemented in a January timeframe. If you look at a major customer, they're back on deal at a level that they were pre-holiday and so there's a cycle there and I would just again say that it's below our pricing promotional guideline points.  But any one month we can always point to each other and comment about who's on deal and who's not on deal, but we feel very comfortable where we are.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. A followup just on the K-Cups opportunity, I was just hoping maybe you could help me understand the brand positioning around that? I know you're using Gourmet Select which is your premium product within Folgers, but K-Cups are generally $0.50 a serving and Folgers as a brand on average is something closer to a nickel. So even using the premium product, it seems like the brand kind of price point, that proposition is a bit different from what your accustomed to, and just curious to get your thoughts around how you're sort of managing the positioning around that so that the consumer has a clear message of what Folgers stands for from kind of a price-value perspective.
Mark R. Belgya: Well again, I think between Folgers Gourmet Select and our Millstone which is our premium coffees, we feel that it fits very, very nicely with the category. And again, what we're bringing to the party is not only the leading brand — you could debate whether a consumer distinguishes between Folgers and Folgers Gourmet Selection. We are bringing a leading brand to this category, the first national brand to be involved, and we're bringing a choice. We're bringing another opportunity for a consumer to be able to fulfil their needs and hopefully grow this category working with Green Mountain, and we believe that this is a segment that we need to participate in and feel very comfortable with where our initial efforts are.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Ian Zaffino with Oppenheimer.
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer:  Hi, great, thank you. Just as far as the Green Mountain deal and the Dunkin' agreement, do you have the right to go out and use Dunkin' in a K-Cups format or do you need Dunkin's permission to do so? And on the other side of it, does the agreement you just struck permit you to begin to use Dunkin' in K-Cups as well, or do you have to strike another deal with Green Mountain? And I have a followup, thanks.
Mark R. Belgya: You know, as I commented earlier, we'd really prefer not to get into those details at this point. I think that again, we're very excited about being able to enter the relationship and again, the initial effort will be against our two brands that we own, but we prefer not to get into the details of either agreement.
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer: Okay. And then just on a different angle on the agreement, it looks like both you and Green Mountain will be distributing and marketing these products. Are there certain areas that you're going to be doing it in where you have the grocery stores, the food service, or how do the economics vary between the two?
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah, let me be clear. We will be marketing and selling the products, our products, in traditional grocery club mass channels. They will not be marketing our products in those channels. They will have the right to basically sell them online through their website, et cetera, but for the most part you need to think about it as we're the ones that will be marketing those brands, our brands.
Richard K. Smucker: And it is our coffee.
Mark R. Belgya: And it is our coffee.
Richard K. Smucker: We supply the coffee, the roast, the blends, so it's our coffee. They put it in the cups for us.
Mark R. Belgya: They're manufacturing it for us and then we'll distribute it.
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer: Okay. And given your history of really staying in the traditional channels versus food service, and K-Cups tending to be much more food-service oriented, I mean how do you plan on going about kind of attacking this new area for you?
Mark R. Belgya: Well first of all, I'm not sure that I would say that it's primarily a food-service opportunity, but again, our agreement does not contemplate the food service or office channel. We do not have those rights.
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer: Okay. All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Next we'll hear from. Eric Serotta with Consumer Edge Research.
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research:  Good morning. You guys have made pretty clear in the past that you expect acquisitions to account for, over time on average, about half of your long-term top line and EPS growth goals. Just wondering, with you having not announced any acquisitions recently, and I realize it may be a little bit early for 2011 guidance, but you made a comment in the press release that you reaffirmed your long-term guidance. Do you think you'd be able to hit that in 2011 without any acquisition activity?
Mark R. Belgya: Eric, I think the purpose of that statement as we reinforce it over time is that that really is our strategic objective over a timeframe and although I understand the question and a natural tendency to want to just extend that to the next year, I think we really do want folks to focus on that. And then specific to FY11, I think we would just defer to June when we'll have much more details to go through from both a top line and earnings outlook.
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research: Okay. And then in terms of the acquisition environment, any comments on how the pipeline looks and how whether the organization, having now digested Folgers or had Folgers within the fold for about a year, whether you think the organization is ready for another acquisition yet or whether you need a bit more digestion time? Because it certainly looks like the balance sheet is in shape given the debt paydown over the past quarter or so?
Richard K. Smucker: Eric, this is Richard. Acquisitions as you know are kind of lumpy. We obviously, as the way we describe it, we have our lines in the water all the time and we're just not exactly sure when the fish are going to hit, but we are — I think your second question is are we acquisition ready? I would say that it's been 12 months and looking around here everybody's finally catching their breath. So I think if we found the right thing we could do it now.
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research: Okay. And then lastly, turning back to a comment in the press release and in your commentary about lower green coffee costs in the quarter, maybe I'm looking at the wrong thing, but when I look at just average New York Board of Trade green coffee costs or Arabica, it looks like they're actually up year-on-year for the quarter on average. So I'm wondering, and maybe I'm looking at the wrong pricing theories versus what you would be buying, but if I'm not — if that would be, I understand the benchmark, what accounts for the difference and why were your coffee costs down year on year? was that largely hedging or was that related to the inventory valuation adjustment in the year ago period?
Vincent C. Byrd: Well, I think what we're trying to comment on is if you say where we were priced to in our first and second quarters versus where green was at versus say our third and now going into our fourth quarter, clearly Arabica coffees have increased over that timeframe. And then also you have to keep in mind that we, as you look across all of our offerings, we use a combination of Arabica and Robustas and so in our case you can't just look at Arabica coffee. But as we look out, and based on our current positions, we know that our green coffee costs have increased versus where they rested in the fourth quarter of last year and the first half of this year.
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research: Okay. And am I correct that the green coffee, that your Arabica prices, excluding hedging or spot Arabicas, that you would use that as your benchmark? I realize you're not using all Arabicas, but those were up pretty substantially in the fiscal third quarter year on year for the quarter on average.
Mark R. Belgya: Yes. Eric, just to underscore Vince's comment, and I think we've tried to be clear on this, but when we talk about this favorable benefit of coffee, really across all the quarters, it is always to this price too. We have been talking about lower costs on some other raw materials and that's clearly period-over-period lower costs, but in midst of that we are being a little more specific to the benefit versus the price to position.
Eric Serotta - Consumer Edge Research: Okay, great. Well, thanks a lot. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Next we'll hear from John McMillan with Lord Abbett.
John McMillan - Lord Abbett: Good morning, everybody. When you talk about your investments in K-Cups, basically you're doing distribution, you're providing the beans, Vince, there's really no major investment, correct?
Vincent C. Byrd: Well no, sure there is. We're going to support the product through promotional spending, marketing support, demonstrations, all kinds of things, John. So yeah, we will be investment spending in it.
John McMillan - Lord Abbett: Can you quantify it at all?
Mark R. Belgya: Not at this point.
John McMillan - Lord Abbett: What kind of returns do you expect?
Vincent C. Byrd: Well again, I think as I mentioned earlier, long term we do not believe it will be dilutive. I think on an initial basis it clearly will be an investment if you would just evaluate it as a segment, but that's like any new product when we launch it.
Richard K. Smucker: Yeah. You may look at it like when we first came out or first did Dunkin'. We had marketing programs behind Dunkin' when we came out with that and this is very similar to that.
Vincent C. Byrd: And I think too, we'll look at it in the context of the overall marketing support for coffee. That is a sector of that that'll come into consideration as we look at the overall marketing spend next year.
John McMillan - Lord Abbett: Well, if it works half as well as Dunkin' I think we'll be okay (laughter). Thanks a lot.
Operator: And now we'll take a follow up from Eric Katzman.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi, thanks for taking the follow up. I was just kind of curious, I think you had said that the organic or natural business was up, and most of what we hear is that that segment is quite weak. So could you just comment a little bit on that?
Vincent C. Byrd: Mark, do you want to take that?
Mark R. Belgya: Sorry, what was the question?
Vincent C. Byrd: The question was about the natural category being up, why it was up?
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah, the natural category was up basically because we had seen several of our customers who had, as you know — the whole industry has been down and we saw that there was some lag in some of the off take in the first couple of quarters and essentially we just recovered a lot of the volume that we had seen go down the first couple of quarters. We do believe that that industry is going to continue to be challenged and so we will, from us strategically, we're looking at bolstering our core business, but also looking at how we might start to participate in some parallel categories.
Mark Smucker: Eric, if I might just make one additional point and it's that in the natural we actually — our growth income was from the branded side. So I guess just to underscore Mark's comments both from our R.W. Knudsen brand and our Santa Cruz Organic, so we were very pleased to see the branded side of that business return back.
Mark R. Belgya: Yeah. And the other thing I would comment there also is that as we look at that business, and it's hard to know because there isn't really good data in the industry, but our feeling is that the organic side of the business tends to be more consistently strong than say the natural side, if that makes sense. There seems to be a core sort of die-hard organic consumer that is true to that category and does not leave that category even though it is a higher-priced area.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Yeah. I am very familiar with that at home (laughter). And then just as a followup, thanks for that, followup to Mark, and I think it was a question earlier, I loathe to focus on the quarter, but the 407 that you were talking about on the high end, you're including the $0.05 impairment, right, in that number?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: And then there is also, you said I guess about $0.11 year-over-year increase in the fourth quarter in the A&P spending, that's the $20 million?
Mark R. Belgya: Yes.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then I can't remember, but what was the — the peanut butter hit a year ago, that was in the fourth quarter, right?
Mark R. Belgya: It was.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: And how much was that?
Mark R. Belgya: Steve, you can jump in, but I think early on the whole category was down 20%. We tracked better than that.
Steven Oakland: Correct.
Mark R. Belgya: And for the full quarter, Steve?
Steven Oakland: Yeah. We were up about half that much, but the key here is we think the peanut butter business is our toughest one to call, where is it going to shake out in the quarter. And that's because a year ago, if you remember, we went out with Nashville Media. We partnered with a number of customers and had front page ads, Trust Jif, so we had a lot of business in the Jif brand in the last two months of the quarter. And although we've got great promotional support, it's difficult for us to really tell you how are we going to shake out versus the year ago? Will we be up, will we be flat? We don't think we'll be anything worse than flat. We hope we'll be up a little bit. Early indications are great, but there's a lot of noise in the last two months in peanut butter and I look forward to commenting on it in the next meeting, but with the business it's very solid, but the comparables are difficult in the last two months I guess is what I'm saying.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then lastly, I guess historically it seems like to a certain extent you've won fall bake on the oils business and then you've kind of — ConAgra has kind of pushed it around I guess Easter and stuff. So is that kind of how you see it shaping up again this year?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Hey, Paul here. Yeah, I would say that we pretty much won the O&D time period. We felt very good about that. It's clearly going to be competitive coming into the fourth quarter. That being said, we feel pretty confident that we have some good promotions lined up.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. All right, thank you.
Operator: We'll now hear from Jon Andersen with William Blair. 
Ross - William Blair: Good morning, everyone. It's actually Ross in for Jon. Congratulations on the quarter. Just a quick one for you, after the $550 million paydown in debt this quarter it doesn't look like you have anything due for quite awhile. Do you have any restrictions or prepayments on these that prevent you from repaying that debt going forward?
Mark R. Belgya: There are actually. In all our notes there is a prepayment penalty and obviously based on the market condition that can be very sizable so we look at that very periodically, but yes, we do have that up there.
Ross - William Blair: Okay great, I'm glad.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Jane Galfund.
Jane Galfund - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much for taking the follow up. Just a quick question on breads. You mentioned some sort-of targeted price declines, just wanted to get a little bit more color on whether that's part of a strategy, whether it's more tactical in relation to something you're seeing out there in the market, and most importantly, are you seeing results as you adjust some of those price gaps?
Steven Oakland: Sure. I'll comment on food spreads and peanut butter. First of all, a year ago we had an anomaly in the food spread business. We had a very short crop uncertain of the premium cane berries; blackberries, raspberries, et cetera, and we took a 30% price increase, okay? So obviously that had big effect on that whole business. We have since rolled a big portion of that back and so those are material varieties during the third quarter so that's some of the price decline in the food spread business. As far as peanut butter, we're sort of between crops right now and there have been some favorable costs in the peanut butter industry. When you compare that to the fact that the retailers, as Vince mentioned earlier, are looking for those front-page items, and we all as an industry have soft comparables. Some of that favorable peanut butter cost has been spent back on the peanut butter business. Now we've tried to balance that. I think we've been able to increase margins, been able to increase our tonnage, and there's even another compound to that. Some of the segments like club, and the consumer is looking at — there's tremendous value in some of those segments right now and so we're even seeing larger sizes very effective right now. So there's a lot of variables, but we're looking close at the peanut butter business. If we think those things are sustainable, we'll roll them into price as we always have, if not they'll probably just be short-term promotions.
Jane Galfund - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much. And just one more quick one, as we think about spreads and as you look at that business, how comfortable are you with where some of those core item price gaps are relative to private label or do you see more opportunity there over time to adjust it a little bit more?
Richard K. Smucker: We have to be careful there. Obviously our advertising, our brand scores — the brand-health measures of that business are as high as they've ever been so we feel great about our connection with the consumer right now, but we are the largest strawberry preserve producer in the world and we have to leverage that scale. We have to provide value to the consumer. To short term let that gap get too large and take that margin gain and allow consumers the opportunity to try private label, we just think it's the wrong decision. So we may give up some of those short-term margin opportunities and keep the pressure on, continue to give them value on an everyday basis with those items so we'll try to continue to leverage our scale, keep that gap close to where it is right now.
Jane Galfund - Barclays Capital: Thank you again.
Operator: And there are no additional questions at this time. Gentlemen, I'll turn the conference back to you.
Mark R. Belgya: Well thank you very much for your attention today and great questions and again, thank our team for great results. So have a good day and we'll be talking to you probably later on today. Mark and (inaudible) as we try to take a number of questions so thanks so much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call you may do so by dialing 1-888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 with pass code of 7290467 or by accessing the website for a downloadable MP3 format. This does conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for participating and have a nice day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2009-11-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Belgya - Chief Financial Officer Tim Smucker - Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO Richard Smucker - Executive Chairman and Co-CEO Vince Byrd - President of our Coffee Business Steve Oakland - President of Smuckers, Jif, and Hungry Jack Mark Smucker - President of Special Markets Paul Wagstaff - President Oils and Baking
Analysts: Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets Scott Mushkin – Jefferies Farha Aslam – Stephens Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer & Co. Ken Goldman – JP Morgan Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research  Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research Bryan Carlson – Atlantic Investment
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the conference call over to the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Mark Belgya.
Mark Belgya: Welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call, thank you for joining us. Also on the call from the company are Tim Smucker, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO who is joining us remotely, and with me today in Orrville are Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman and Co-CEO, Vince Byrd, President of our Coffee Business, Steve Oakland, President of Smuckers, Jif, and Hungry Jack, Mark Smucker, President of our Special Markets and Paul Wagstaff, President Oils and Baking. After this brief introduction I will turn the call over to Tim for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter and Richard will provide closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments we will be available to answer your questions. If you’ve not seen our press release it is available on our website at Smuckers.com. A replay of this call is available on the website. If you have any follow up questions or comments after today’s call please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, Director of Investor Relations. I would like to remind you that in both the prepared comments and during the question and answer period that follows, we may make forward looking statement that reflect the company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning such forward looking statements.  I also want to point out that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release and on our website. I’ll now turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Smucker: I would like to begin by summarizing the key highlights for the quarter.  We delivered the highest quarterly sales and earnings results in our history. Sales were up 52% mainly due to the addition of Folgers, profits were up in each business segment, non-GAAP earnings per share were up 21%, and cash from operations exceeded $210 million. As we celebrate the one year anniversary of completing the Folgers merger, the coffee business performance continues to exceed our expectations.  Our strategy of owning number one brands positions us to perform well in today’s economic environment where consumers are eating at home more and placing even greater emphasis on value. We generally benefit as we did this quarter with volume increases across many of our retail categories. Operating margin continues to expand significantly driven by the profitability of the coffee business. In addition, many of our core businesses also realized margin gains due to the lower commodity costs and synergy benefits. We continue to invest in our brands as evidenced by an increase in marketing expenses of over 70% for the quarter currently in support of the fall bake and holiday periods. Now let me emphasize some key points on each of the four business segments. We experienced another strong quarter in coffee in both sales and profits. Our ongoing focus on the Folgers brand led to growth in traditional roast and ground. The continued expansion of Dunkin Donuts coffee and gourmet also added to the growth of the business. We have made tremendous progress in the 12 months we have owned the coffee business. We quickly achieved all key integration milestones thanks to the efforts of our dedicated employees which was really exceptional and I want to really pay attention to what tremendous effort was put in to by each of our employees. Also, we focused on opportunities to grow the brand. We recently completed two new commercials which emphasize that Folgers is the best part of waking up. One of these spots is currently airing for the holidays with the other set for January. In addition, during the quarter we began airing a new television ad for Dunkin Donuts coffee emphasizing the exceptional taste that is now available where you shop for groceries. We are utilizing a wide array of marketing elements for our coffee brands and as several new products and developments to grow our largest product category.  In the Consumer segment volume was essentially flat with gains in peanut butter, pancake mixes and syrups offsetting declines in fruit spreads. Sales in Consumer were unfavorably impacted by the mix of products sold.  In line with eating at home and back to baking trends our Oils and Baking segment delivered good volume growth with both Crisco and Pillsbury brands increasing. Sales for this segment were down as expected primarily on price decreases taken in various categories. Based on category data for the 12 week period our Pillsbury frostings are now the number one brand in volume sales. This is a significant milestone for the business and is the result of our focus on product quality, innovation of new products, and marketing support. We are now more then half way through this year’s fall bake and holiday periods. We have a combination of new products, good merchandising programs and marketing investments. We expect a strong finish to the remainder of the season. Finally, sales in the Special Markets segment increased 15% due to the addition of Folgers. Volume gains were realized in Canada, primarily in the baking and pickles category. The Food Service and Natural Foods areas continue to be challenged mainly due to the impact of the current economic environment. In summary, we delivered another quarter of strong financial results. The contribution from our coffee business continues to exceed our expectations. We continue to support our brands with record levels of investment spending and new advertising emphasizing the brand equity. With our strategy of owning number one brands we are well positioned to meet the needs of both our consumers and retailers. I would now like to turn the call back to Mark to have him review the financial results for the quarter.
Mark Belgya: Sales for the quarter increased $436 million or 52%. Excluding coffee sales were down 6% for the quarter. Volume was up 1% and was more then offset by a 7% decline due to price and mix with price the key driver. GAAP earnings per share were $1.18 this quarter and $0.94 in the second quarter of last year including restructuring costs last year and merger and integration costs in both years.  Excluding these charges earnings per share were $1.22 this quarter and $1.01 in last year’s second quarter, an increase of 21%. If you also exclude amortization in both years, earnings per share were $1.32 this quarter and $1.03 last year, an increase of 28%. Last year’s results included charges of approximately $24 million related to non-qualifying commodity derivatives of which approximately three quarters reversed in future periods. Gains and losses this quarter were not material. Operating income increased $146 million for the quarter excluding charges and increased as a percent of sales from 11% to 18.7%. Higher amortization expense in the current quarter negatively impacted margin by approximately 130 basis points. Gross profit increased $249 million over the second quarter of last year and was the primary driver of the increase in operating income.  Gross margin improved from 28.9% last year to 38.5% this quarter. Coffee contributed approximately 90% of the increase and continued to be impacted by favorable green coffee costs, volume related plan efficiencies, and product mix. Gross margin for the remaining Smucker business improved by nearly 500 basis points over the prior year, primarily due to the negative impact last year of the charges related to commodity derivative. In addition, lower raw material and distribution costs this year had a favorable impact. SD&A expenses increased approximately $83 million mainly effecting the addition of Folgers and increased as a percent of net sales from 17.8% to 18.2%. Marketing expenses increased more than planned and at a greater percent then the increase in net sales in support of our brand building initiatives including new advertising across many brands. Marketing and selling expenses totaled 10.1% of net sales compared to 9.6% last year. Looking at other key EPS components, interest expense was up $6 million reflecting the borrowings associated with the Folgers transaction. As scheduled, earlier this month we paid off the $350 million Folgers bank debt and $200 million in senior notes assumed in the multi-foods deal in 2004. This was completed using a combination of cash and borrowings against our existing $180 million credit revolver. Following the pay down, outstanding borrowings on the revolver were approximately $100 million. During the second quarter we closed on the three year $400 million revolver but currently have no outstanding borrowings against this new revolver. The effective income tax rate for the quarter was 34.9% compared to 33.4% in last year’s second quarter, reflecting the higher effective tax rate associated with the Folgers business and a net favorable resolution of previously open tax positions in 2009 as compared to 2010. We continue to anticipate a full year tax rate of 34% to 34.5%. Let me now comment on our reportable segments. The US Retail Coffee segment contributed $445 million to net sales for the second quarter of 2010. Compared to the same three month period last year prior to the transaction, volume was up 5%. Folgers contributed three quarters of the growth with Dunkin Donuts coffee accounting for the remainder. The Coffee segment contributed $149 million to profit and achieved a 33.4% margin. We realized approximately $11 million in favorable plant overhead absorption during the quarter due to six months of stronger then planned sales volume and lower operating costs. Additionally, green coffee costs remained favorable. We made decisions to further reinvest in the brands which offset some of the gross profit gains. This additional marketing supported our continued effort to reestablish the Red Can and support other initiatives behind Folgers and Dunkin Donuts coffee. We continue to believe that current margins in the US Retail Coffee segment are in excess of longer term expectations. However, now that we’ve owned the business for 12 months we believe certain factors have changed since our original estimate of 28%. The favorable margin impact related to mix along with decreases in overhead manufacturing costs have caused us to increase our longer term target to exceed 30%. As we said previously, our objective is to grow margin dollars. Therefore any significant change in price, up or down, would have an impact on the resulting margin percent. Sales in our US Retail Consumer segment were down 4% primarily due to mix as volume was flat for the quarter. Volume and sales gains were realized in peanut butter, pancake mixes and syrups. Volume and sales were down in fruit spreads due to mix while potatoes and crustable sandwiches and specialty foods also declined. Segment profit increased 4% mainly due to lower distribution and operating costs. Segment margin improved by 190 basis points compared to last year’s second quarter.  In the US Retail Oils & Baking segment sales declined 9% compared to last year primarily reflecting the impact of price decreases taken earlier this calendar year and higher promotional spending on Crisco Oils. Segment volume was up 3% with Pillsbury and Crisco brands up 14% and 12% respectively. These gains were primarily offset by declines in canned milk. Segment profit increased 55%. The majority of last year’s second quarter derivatives charge negatively impacted the US Retail Oils & Banking segment. This year supply chain efficiencies including lower distribution costs offset an increase in marketing primarily in support of the Pillsbury brand and a lower contribution from canned milk. Total sales in the Special Market segment increased 15% as the addition of Folgers and a 6% volume gain in Canada more then offset the impact of volume declines in the Food Service and Natural Foods business areas, which are still generally attributable to the current economic environment. Excluding coffee, Special Markets net sales would have been approximately 5% less then last year’s second quarter. Profit in the Special Market segment was again strong, increasing 56% for the quarter mainly due to the addition of Folgers and lower costs. Let me now conclude with comment on a couple other financial metrics. EBITDA excluding merger related costs and adding back share based compensation expense as amortization was $289 million or 22.6% net sales. Through the first half of the year, EBITDA is $523 million meaning we are tracking well ahead of our previous annual estimate of a full year EBITDA of $920 to $940 million. Last quarter I commented that we expected a significant use of cash to support working capital requirements in the first half of the fiscal year and then reverse favorably as we complete key promotional periods. Cash from operations in the second quarter was a strong $212 million bringing our year to date total to $186 million. We would expect this trend to continue during the second half of the year. Turning now to our cost outlook for the remainder of the year. We are hedged on our key commodities of coffee, soybean oil and wheat into late third quarter to early fourth quarter of this fiscal year. We have recently seen some pressure on certain key commodities such as soybean oil and ingredients such as sugar and cocoa continue to rise. We will monitor both situations to determine appropriate future pricing actions. I would now like to turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Smucker: We had another record quarter with the fall bake and holiday sales starting off strong and good momentum going into the second half of the year. In support of our brands, we have made significant investments in advertising, incorporating both traditional and emerging media. As we have stated before, our company’s purpose is to assist families in coming together to share memorable meals and moments. We continually reinforce this message through our consumer communications be it television, print, event marketing, public relations, or digital media. For example, we developed a special vignette on this topic which will air on NBC Figure Skating series throughout the winter. In addition, over the last year we have produced 19 new television ads most of which are currently airing during this fall period. Tim mentioned the new Folgers and Dunkin Donuts coffee spots that we have run. We have prepared three new Smucker commercials adding to the Smucker’s boys campaign emphasizing the heritage and quality of the brand. We continue to extend our Choosy Mom’s campaign for Jif Peanut Butter emphasizing the importance of quality with this brand. We continued our Crisco Olive Oil television advertising this fall. These ads have had a positive effect on the brand as a whole, elevating the brands perception across all of our Crisco products. For the first time since we’ve owned the business, we have several new Pillsbury commercials on air emphasizing our product quality, the breadth of our innovative offerings, and featuring the iconic Dough Boy. Hopefully you will see a number of our ads during the holiday season. Our multi-brand promotions are important because they provide an anchor for our retail merchandising events with our customers across the country. We recently distributed a nine page national FSI featuring eight of our brands. The FSI showcases the quality of our trusted family of brands and is the first holiday overlay to include Folgers coffee. In addition, each major brand included in the overlay has television advertising support during the holiday season supplemented with print advertising in over 60 national magazines. Finally, we are using digital communications for almost all of our brands. Consumers are responding well to our marketing efforts and we are seeing good performance from our portfolio of products. We are very pleased with our financial results for the first six months of the fiscal year. As a result, we are comfortable raising our outlook for the year. We continue to expect net sales of approximately $4.5 billion.  We anticipate income per diluted share excluding merger and integration costs in the range of $3.95 to $4.05 an increase from the high end of our $3.65 to $3.80 range that we previously had. Amortization of approximately $0.40 per share is included in our forecast. Excluding amortization our new forecast is $4.35 to $4.45 per share.  Based on the expanded guidance we anticipate EBITDA will exceed $970 million which is ahead of our previous estimates. We are maintaining our outlook on the cash flow items that we provided you in June except for capital expenditures which we now expect to be approximately $150 million. There are several factors we considered in looking at the second half of the year to determine our guidance. First, we are still operating in a very challenging economy and as such we remain cautiously optimistic. Second, we have just completed our first year of operating the coffee business. As a result, top line comparisons will now normalize with coffee included in both years. Finally, as a reminder, the charges related to commodity derivatives were generally reversed in the second half of last year, resulting in a favorable impact. As you may recall, last year’s fourth quarter performance was exceptionally strong and we do not expect to repeat it. Although we normally do not comment on quarters last year’s fourth quarter was higher then last year’s third quarter, contributing 55% of the second half of the year’s earnings per share. This is not our typical trend so we expect this year to be a more normal pattern between the third and the fourth quarters. In summary, first, we had another record quarter in a challenging economic environment. Second, we are off to a good start in fall bake and the holiday period and are well positioned with new products and advertising. Third, we are confident in our prospects and have raised our outlook for the year. Fourth, we believe that our strategy of owning number one brands positions us well for future growth. Finally, we want to thank our employees for their efforts. We would not have been able to achieve our success without their talent and their dedication. Thank you for your time today and now we’ll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: My first question has to do with the comments that you made about some creep up in some of the commodities of late. I wanted to get a sense from you as to given your willingness to move pricing around more aggressively then some of your peers how do you think it plays out if you have to go back to the trade and talk about price increases?
Paul Wagstaff: Regarding Oils, we have seen about 10% increase in the cost of oil since last time we talked first quarter. As you know, we are covered through our fall bake time period and that would be with all of our key commodities. As we look at pricing we are looking at pricing as first the calendar year and that’s typical what we would do. Again, I think we’ve been relatively transparent in all of our key commodities and how we price it with our customers. I think we’d be comfortable if the commodities are a rate that we need to make an increase or decrease that we would do that.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Is there any way to comment on some of the other inputs or is that just basically the same kind of situation?
Vince Byrd: As you know, we’ve commented earlier that we’re out about 18 to 22 weeks on coffee. You probably have followed the market, Arabica coffee has increased from the first quarter to the second quarter. Although we anticipate being in pretty good shape for the third quarter we do anticipate some increases in the fourth. However, as long as that’s inside or outside of our pricing guidelines, if we need to we’ll adjust price at that point.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Within Coffee you had gone to an EDLP type strategy, my sense is with 5% year over year volume growth that you continue to take share unless the category is growing a lot more rapidly then I thought. Can you talk about the competitive landscape in coffee, has Maxwell House followed your strategy and was there any impact to your business during the quarter because of that approach?
Vince Byrd: What we did is basically took a very significant portion of our trade spend and put it into everyday price. If an account was actually already an EDLP account that was most likely no effect. If you were a high/low account your everyday price was reduced and then your promotional price may not be as deep as it has been historically. Secondly, as you know, we announced that and started to implement that back in the first quarter and our major competitor did not follow until about two weeks ago that we received confirmation that for the most part they have followed that strategy almost penny for penny and that will be implemented as we understand sometime in our third quarter or after the beginning of the new calendar year. Did that contribute to our growth? I would say that yes it probably did. Folgers grew over 4% during the second quarter as it did in the first quarter. I wouldn’t contribute it all to that. I think there are a number of factors from our sales team, our marketing efforts, multi-branding promotional activities etc. that probably contributed to that growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: If I look at the margins in the business they’re approaching what is generally considered to be the upper limits of what have historically been sustainable margins for companies in your industry. Curious to get your thoughts on whether you think this is about as good as it can get on the margin side in your business. If so, how do we think about your ability to comp against these numbers a year out from now?
Mark Belgya: Clearly our margins have well exceeded but we had a target prior to Folgers of 15% operating margin. We felt at the time that was a good target for the size company we were in. We’ve clearly eclipsed that. I guess I would bring you back to the commentary we really had since the first quarter we owned the Coffee business. We continue to exceed those margins anywhere pick the number between 400 and 600 basis points. We are in a good spot. Having said that though, I think as time passes we will come to the market with some sort of operating margin target. I think its important that now we’re going to take a step back and we will look at opportunities to drive margin expansion. I know the question was asked time and again last quarter about synergies and we’ve concluded the discussion there that we’ve achieved the $80 million. We’re not going to stop and rest on our laurels there. We’ll continue to look in our business units to see if there are opportunities to expand the margins, that’s where the challenge of each of the Presidents and their respective teams have.
Paul Wagstaff: I would add, similar to what we said in the first quarter I think Eric had picked it up that the margin percents are going to vary depending upon where the commodities lie at any one particular time. Given that commodities have come down primarily in Oils & Baking and Coffee those margin percents are at the higher end of what we would expect. As those commodities increase and we tend to pass on cost increases as opposed to maintaining those margin percentages.
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: On the base business side, I was a little bit surprised that the volumes in that business weren’t a little stronger just given what some of the sell through data have shown recently. Could you help me understand where that disconnect might lie?
Steve Oakland: I think you really have to be careful looking at just this quarter on fruit spread business. If you know that our key merchandising period of back to school really straddles these two quarters, a lot of that volume will ship in July, will sell in August so I think if you look at the fruit spread business over the last six months you see nice volume growth. Even in this quarter our total consumer volumes were flat. We’ve got nice volume growth. Having said that we’ve talked about the mix change. We are seeing two types of mix change both in what products the consumer is choosing and where they’re choosing to buy them. We’re seeing things like a 10 ounce sugar free item, we’re seeing that consumer trade to an 18 ounce or a 32 ounce strawberry item. Those 10 ounce sugar free items are very expense brands. The traditional items are a lot less expensive per ounce. We’re seeing that consumer move around within the category but year to date we’ve got nice volume growth. I think we’re uniquely positioned frankly, we’re in not just all of those segments but we’re in all the channels with those segments. We’re in all the discount channels, we’re in mass and club and all those places. We’ve been able to meet those needs. The consumers been moving around a little bit but actually we feel pretty good. Its been a long time I think since we’ve had the kind of real volume growth in fruit spreads that we’ve had the first six months.
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: I think you mentioned that there’s no change to the operating cash flow guidance. Any reason why that wouldn’t come up along the lines of what you’re doing with the EPS guidance?
Mark Belgya: I think you’re referring to Richard’s comments. We didn’t change anything in terms of the components that we gave out to determine cash flow. We’re not suggesting that the cash flow number itself is the same. As we’ve said in the past and this is still true with our updated guidance, we still think that EPS range excluding the amortization is a fairly good proxy for a cash flow per share number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Mushkin – Jefferies
Scott Mushkin – Jefferies: One of the things I wanted to poke out a little bit is whether this can continue. Obviously just extraordinarily strong results. I was wondering if you could place it in buckets from a margin perspective. I know you said the commodities moving up and down that will change the rate. I was going to look at the repeatable what you guys are doing from a productivity standpoint as a percent of the better margins, if you guys could bucket it for me I think that’d be great.
Mark Belgya: If you look from the highest levels, if you look at it from a gross profit and an SD&A level clearly gross profit is driving the over delivery of income. Some of that, as we said throughout the call and throughout the last couple quarter is driven around the commodity costs. As we said, we also had efficiencies this quarter particularly in Coffee but across some of our other operational areas that we’ve been able to lower costs and with increased volume have favorable overhead absorption. Some of that will continue. Clearly the commodity will drive some of that. On the SD&A side I would say that its a little higher then we had originally directed earlier in the year. Part of that is as we went through our synergies originally we of course had to take some cuts on where we felt it would fall on cost of goods sold and SD&A. As its turned out we’ve had probably a little bit more savings in the cogs area so that too has driven the historical or the year to date gross profit and a little bit less in the SD&A side which is driven a little higher SD&A for the year to date and also going into the back half of the year. Going back to my earlier comment on productivity improvement the intent is to continue to drive profit dollars so we realize that we have set some high standards and we’re going to continue to look at opportunities to improve margins in each of the business areas.
Scott Mushkin – Jefferies: Would you think 70% in commodities and 30% is stuff you guys have been doing or is that way off base?
Mark Belgya: I’d have to work through it but I don’t think that’s way off because like I said before, most of it is from gross profit and commodities too played a big part of that.
Scott Mushkin – Jefferies: I want to understand you comments between the third and fourth quarter a little bit better. Seems as I look at the Streets numbers people are already assuming the fourth quarter is going to be a lot more muted compared to the third quarter. I wanted to make sure I got the meaning of what you guys were saying between the third and fourth quarters.
Mark Belgya: I think if you look back, Richard made the comment that last year was certain an anomaly in terms of the percent of our back half of the year profits between third and fourth quarter. The second and third quarter obviously are key fall bake and holiday promotional periods, the majority of the profits fall into those two quarters. I think if you look back a year prior, historically we think that’s a better reflection of what the back half will fall in terms of the third and fourth quarter.
Scott Mushkin – Jefferies: The spend that you guys are doing which is increasing we saw that in the quarter, it seems like as we walk the stores it seems like you’re not alone there. I was wondering, first of all, are you going to anticipate volumes to pick up as we move through the third and fourth quarter if the spend is increasing and how are you measuring ROI on the spend?
Mark Belgya: When you talk about spend are you talking about spending with the retailer or spending through the increased advertising?
Scott Mushkin – Jefferies: The increased advertising.
Richard Smucker: Obviously whenever we can and whenever we see the margins where they are we try to invest a little bit more in the brands and the advertising. We’ve taken advantage of investing behind these brands a little more then we normally would.
Paul Wagstaff: I’d also add that on Pillsbury, again we’re advertising that brand for the first time in the bake aisle since we’ve owned it and again we expect to continue to do that.
Mark Belgya: One last comment, a little different then some of our peers, we really do focus on investing in the equity of our brands. We’re not necessarily out there trying to get a period, we’re certainly supporting our fall bake period but we really do invest our brands and we expect that carry over to be more then just the next three months.
Operator: Your next question comes from Farha Aslam – Stephens
Farha Aslam – Stephens: In Coffee you had anticipated $800 to $850 million in higher sales year over year this year. Is that number still good and does that include the Canadian coffee as well?
Vince Byrd: It does not include the Canadian or Food Service or away from home coffee, its just the Coffee SBA.
Farha Aslam – Stephens: Is the $800 to $850 million still good?
Mark Belgya: It think its probably in the range but we’ll have to take a harder look at it.
Farha Aslam – Stephens: You had talked about the increased investment in marketing support for your brands. Is there a way you could quantify what’s included in your fiscal 2010 guidance in terms of increased A&P support for your business overall?
Richard Smucker: Mark can probably cover that offline afterwards but we were up 70% in our marketing spend and our sales were up 53%. You can see that we made significant more investing in the brand then probably in a normal quarter. As Mark said, this is throughout the year its not going to be just one quarter.
Steve Oakland: One other thing we are benefiting from this year with the economic situation and the advertising and media purchasing environment, we had great synergy. The addition of Folgers business has made us much more effective. Those dollars that we’re spending have really gone farther this year as well. We’ve been able to do, as Richard mentioned in his opening comments, a number of new commercials, we’ve done a tremendous amount of that. We’ve been able to put them in places efficiently that had been hard to do over the last couple years. We think that’s going to have benefit but its going to benefit over the long term.
Richard Smucker: I think Scott asked the question how do you do an ROI on that. To be honest, its a long term ROI its not a quarter by quarter ROI. We definitely have seen it in long term results and seen it in share of market over periods of years as opposed to periods of months.
Mark Belgya: To draw a conclusion to your question on the marketing. What we do have is in the year end disclosures we said that our sales and marketing as a percent would be about 10% we had been running below that last year. For the year its probably 10.1% to 10.2% and that would be the marketing. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: When I look at the $4.5 billion sales guidance for the year and you subtract the first half it looks like you’re looking for sales to be down 4% for the second half. Is that right? How does that break down volume, price and are there any underlying dynamics there that we ought to know about to help us understand?
Mark Belgya: Note that the $4.5 billion is a pretty rounded number. We will be down, depending on how you want to take that rounding. In terms of the volume price mix we don’t typically get into that. We would say that volume is probably somewhat reflective of what we saw in the quarter would be good. Pricing laps in January for most of the baking. I don’t think FX would have a significant impact. That’s probably the three areas that we would comment generally on.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: In the core Smucker business pricing was down about 7% in the quarter so you’re lapping pricing in January does that suggest that pricing could be lower or fall further, how do we look at that?
Paul Wagstaff: Yes we are lapping in January oil, shortening and flour. Milk won’t be until June of next year. We look at all of our pricing at the end of the fall bake time period so we won’t make any decision on going forward with our pricing until after the holidays and obviously we watch the commodity marketing closely on that. At this point we don’t have any announcements to make.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Regarding your cash flow, it looks like to be way above average free cash flow here. I know you’re precluded from share repurchase for about another year. Is that in fact, is share repurchase still at least a year away? Is there a possibility that you consider maybe a special dividend or anything extraordinary over your regular rate to return the extra cash?
Mark Belgya: This may sound a bit like an old record but first of all yes we cannot buy back any stock until next November, its a two year time period from the November 6th close date so it will be November 6th next year. I would say that we have said that the likelihood of a “special dividend” is not very likely. That was part of the transaction and I don’t want to speak for the Board in terms of the quarterly dividend but we clearly stated our policies to pay 40%. We typically do look at that dividend in April and we do realize the cash flow is significant so I’m sure the Board will take that into consideration. I would also point out on the buy back we do have 3.7 million shares outstanding so in the event that it made financial sense to do that next November we are positioned from having the shares available to repurchase.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer & Co.
Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer & Co.: When you initially did the Folgers deal you talked about growing the Red Can business, you’ve clearly done a very good job of doing that. The next leg would be Dunkin Donuts. What are you doing there? I know you have a bunch of skus that you’re looking to expand nationwide. Also if you can talk about any type of single serve you might have that’s a very good growth category.
Vince Byrd: From an ACV perspective on our core Dunkin items we’ve been asked before when we were about 75% to 80% on the flanker items those we’re still in the 40% to 60% range. If you compare that so think about it as we have probably average about six skus per store compared to our competitor who would have nearly two and a half times that amount. That’s why we still feel very comfortable that we’ll be able to have double digit growth, although become more difficult in the future. Our Dunkin original blend happens to be the number one selling sku in gourmet and happens to be in the top five of all skus sold in the coffee category at this point. We remain very, very optimistic and we have a number of new items that are in the pipeline to introduce over the coming months. Secondly, as it relates to single cup is what I think your second question was. I think you know that we have stated on previous occasions that its out intent to explore all segments of the category and we have nothing to report but we continue to watch that category, its growing very significantly although of course its still relatively small piece of the pie. Its a category that we will want to try to figure out how to participate one way or another in the future.
Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer & Co.: How would you prioritize all three those, whether it be Red Can, Dunkin expansion, or new skus or single cup? What are you really focused on?
Vince Byrd: I hate to say they’re all priorities but to be honest with you we have said from day one if we don’t grow Red Can we’re not going to be able to grow the rest of the coffee business and fund the activities for the other business. I think we’ve also stated before that the margins on Dunkin are very good and healthy and so that’s helping fund other activities as well. The number one priority was to make sure that we grow the core Red Can business and get that back on track and invest in some of the core equities, “The Best Park of Waking Up” etc. We’ve done that successfully for three quarters but again we’ve only owned the business for one year. We still have a lot of work ahead of us. All three are at the top of our list.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Goldman – JP Morgan
Ken Goldman – JP Morgan: On Coffee, you talked about increasing your long term target to above 30%. I’m wondering I know its a little early and you haven’t owned the business that long but if we do see Arabica staying wherever it is $169 per bag or so right now, can we see those margins staying above 30%? I know again you’ll pass a lot of that on through pricing as well but just in terms of modeling how should we think about that with Coffee at the current price?
Mark Belgya: Its going to go back to how high it potentially goes because we probably won’t be able to maintain the margins that we’re maintaining currently as a percent. Again its a dollar target that we’re going to be shooting for. Clearly we would hope that we’d be able to keep those, I’ll say almost regardless of pricing at 30% or slightly above. That will vary depending on how high the coffee market goes.
Ken Goldman – JP Morgan: Your corporate administrative line was just a little bit higher then I thought this quarter. I was hoping you maybe get more synergies from the Folgers acquisition, 43.1% is that a reasonable number to use going forward or how should we think about that?
Mark Belgya: The reason for it was a couple specific things. We did record some additional compensation expense in the quarter and then some higher then planned expenses around some of our shared services like legal and some tax and the like. As I said earlier on our SD&A or G&A in particular we made some assumptions when we put the synergies out there and we talked earlier this year in our target of SD&A of 20%.  I think what you have there is pretty reflective from a dollar perspective, it might be up a little bit because typically we do see some timing where expenses come in, in the back half of the year versus the front half. Of course realize that with sales being less in the second half versus the first you look at it just as a percent it likely will increase. I’d like to make a point of clarification too, there was an earlier question around the Coffee the $800 to $850 million. That actually did include the special market coffee as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research 
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research : I wanted to circle back on your comments earlier around pricing pass through and some of your more commoditized businesses. You pointed out the rise in soybean oil costs. At the same time, looking at what’s going on in the channel it seems like there is a good deal of competitive pressure out there from Conagra, from store brands. Obviously they’ll have to move prices somewhat or take some margin hit. What gives you guys the confidence that the historical pass through mechanism or the historical ability to price in that business for commodities still holds in this environment?
Paul Wagstaff: Yes, you’re correct, there has been some competitive activity. I would like to point out, on the Crisco business even with that competitive situation we have been able to grow the base volume by about 12%. We feel comfortable and confident going forward that with the retailers we do think they understand, we’ve been very transparent with them with the commodity pricing that as they see costs go up and it hits a certain point or percent we will be pass the price through and we don’t think there’s any reason that they wouldn’t accept that.
Richard Smucker: The other this is we’ve developed a long term trust with our customers. We’ve taken our prices down just as quickly as the commodities have come down. I think they realize that and so trust is very important with our customers and we don’t want to risk that trust. We think if we need to take the prices up when its justified.
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research : In terms of what you’re seeing from your retail partners, some of your peers, not necessarily in the same categories, have sighted sku reduction that they’ve done to try to stay ahead of the curve in terms of anticipated retailer pressure on sku reduction. When you look at some of your categories whether its fruit spreads, or coffee are you seeing increased pressure from retailers to optimize the product assortment that they’re offering. If not, are you expecting that. If not, why not?
Vince Byrd: From a macro perspective you’re obviously again correct that a number of retailers are looking at their skus and going through sku reductions. It gets back though to owing and marketing number one food brands because even if our skus may be reduced typically we end up being very favorable in those sku reduction opportunities and whether our competitor would lose fringe skus or they lose entire brands sometimes. It ends up increasing the turn business in our case.  In the cases where we don’t have number one brands there have been some areas that we have lost business. From an overall perspective we have netted out to be very favorable in that process.
Steve Oakland: We’ve seen that happen and obviously its been very public. Several of the large retailers are doing that across categories. The Smucker’s brand, the Jif brand have benefited from that. We’re in all of those segments, we’re in all of those retailers. In most cases we’re they’re partner, we’re they’re analytic partner or category captain so we’re helping them do that. Its important that we take a category view of this but typically if you had the shares that we have in those categories you’re going to benefit. There’s been a couple cases, potatoes and things where we’ve lost a few items but the core Red Box potatoes have made up for that where we are number one. I think its really made us feel even better about our strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research
Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research: In looking at a couple things there what would you characterize as the most competitive categories going forward?
Paul Wagstaff: I’d probably say Oils is one of our most challenging categories we have. Again, private label is the dominant player in that category so I think going forward that will be our challenge.
Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research: Any of the others that anybody else there might want to highlight.
Vince Byrd: I don’t think any of us think any of the categories are easy, to be honest with you. I think if you talk absolute size obviously we’re watching the Coffee business everyday. I think all of us feel that we’re watching the competitive activity on all of our brands.
Steve Oakland: Even though something like fruit spreads might not have the competitive set we challenge ourselves for real growth in those categories. Sometimes even though its not the competitor you’re trying to get inside the consumer’s pantry and on their table more often, those can be challenges as well. We try to challenge our teams on all of the pieces.
Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research: Anything to talk about on instant coffee. You’ve got a nice market position in that, Starbucks might be legitimizing that part of coffee and I’m wondering what you can talk about there.
Vince Byrd: First off all, we’ve stated any activity is good activity and obviously all of us are watching Starbucks entry. Its still too early to tell I think even for them, even with their expansion. We have used the opportunity we believe that our instant has been under invested in over the past several years. We have a number of initiatives in that area to bring maybe improve the quality and packaging of that product.  I would also say by emphasizing that category a little bit in the first six months our business is double digit growth. Again, its one we’re taking a look at and of course you can’t ignore what’s going on worldwide with the growth of instant.
Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research: That’s double digit growth in Folgers instant in the first half of the year for you?
Vince Byrd: That’s correct.
Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research: Sales or volume?
Vince Byrd: Both.
Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research: Any thought on what’s driving that?
Vince Byrd: Attention to detail by our team and our marketing efforts to say we need to focus on these segments and not focus on so much things like opening price point segments.
Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research: Any explanation why the CapEx guidance is up?
Mark Belgya: In terms of the $120 to $150 million its basically when we put out our estimate at the beginning of the year that was before we made the decision, I think you guys are aware, we’re bringing up the coffee and the rest of the oils team from Cincinnati. We have a construction project in the works here in Orrville and it reflects that primarily.
Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research: The softness in your organic lines is that the customer pulling back or are you losing share to private label?
Mark Smucker: The organic business, just the industry in general, is down and it is a combination of our customers being down as well as a little bit of strength on the private label side. You will see the numbers in that industry are relatively sparse to try to measure that on a rolling basis. We have seen that even some of the private label businesses have been down. I would also point out that in our Natural Foods business it is not entirely organic so there is a mix there within that business or our all natural beverages as well as some of the organic stuff being down. We would probably expect that industry to continue to have some challenges. I would say the light at the end of the tunnel is that we have seen there is a core organic consumer that is dedicated to that category and will not switch out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Carlson – Atlantic Investment
Bryan Carlson – Atlantic Investment: On Food Service coffee, I noticed that in the quarter Food Service coffee was around $43 million and that’s up quite a bit from Q1 maybe that’s seasonal. It seems up from the periods last year during colder weather time. Can you talk about what you’re doing or what’s driving that performance.
Mark Smucker: In the Food Service coffee area that industry is highly fragmented. We’ve been really focused on the first year on just blocking and tackling. We’ve got a number of different brokers out there that sell the coffee for us. We’ve actually spent a tremendous amount of time on training so that we can do a better job selling and we’re starting to see the fruits of that.  As well as also focusing on the areas that we feel we can win. Some of those would be selling coffee into offices similar to the one we’re sitting in here in Ohio as well as focusing on the equipment and service business in the areas where we think we can win. It isn’t channel specific as much as it is focusing on the right customer partners. 
Vince Byrd: As well as we’ve taken a look at the products that we offer and we’ve improve the product quality we believe that there was an opportunity to raise that to be more consistent with what is offered at the consumer level.
Bryan Carlson – Atlantic Investment: Can you tell me what the growth rate was for the Food Service coffee?
Mark Smucker: I’m not sure we would provide that.
Vince Byrd: We break out the coffee so you can see that as part of the special markets but I don’t think we disclose that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I think you had mentioned that Crisco and Pillsbury were both up double digit, is that correct?
Mark Belgya: That is correct.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Yet the segment volumes, that was a volume quote right?
Mark Belgya: Yes.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Yet the segment volumes were only up, not only because its very good performance, up 3%. I think you called out that the milk business was weak. I thought that that’s about half private label so I would have thought that that piece would have done pretty well. Is that pulled down that segment’s volume numbers?
Paul Wagstaff: Yes, during the canned milk piece what’s happening is again with fall bake our quarter falls right in the middle of fall bake. When you look at last year we had some promotions that were going on in October that are this year going on in November. A decent amount of that volume decrease is due to timing of promotions. I’d also say from a regional baking business we had discontinued some regional brands here this past year and we’re seeing the effects of that this fall bake.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: The legality around the reverse Morris trust and the restriction on the share repurchase for the next 12 months, does that also have any implications to additional M&A activity using equity?
Mark Belgya: No it doesn’t. Its just around the buyback.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: In your new Folgers pricing strategy have you seen any change in the volume done on promotion versus non-promoted?
Vince Byrd: I suppose we’ll know better as we get through the O&D period or the holiday bake period because again our promotional price points that at least we are funding will not be as low as maybe has been historical. I should caveat to say as you know if you look at a lot of ads by key retailers there’s usually some items with block leaders whether it be turkey’s or whatever and we’re finding coffee is a drawer as well.  I think what its doing is what we want it to do is to increase the everyday turn business and not be so dependent upon the promotional volume. I’ll probably be in a better position to answer that after the third quarter.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: I would think the times if you’re buying in the Red Can I would have assumed consumers would buy on the deeper discount and only buy regular price when they run out or on more limited occasions and therefore if you go this strategy it would seem you would think maybe perhaps people would still wait for your promotion and then when you do get the regular full price customer you’re getting a lower dollar on that full price. You’re not seeing that obviously.
Vince Byrd: No we’re really not. Again if you think about a number of the major retailers are already basically on an EDLP approach anyway. There wasn’t much change in what those consumers thought. We believe its better to provide that consumer with everyday better price then try to train them to always just buy it on deal.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: When you buy a company from Proctor & Gamble clearly they have a certain machine that’s focused on the top 80% of the accounts, maybe leaving the bottom 20% not ignored but certainly not focused on. How much of your market share gains, your volume gains have come by providing attention to the bottom 20%. Has same store sales so to speak been as robust in the top 80% as the bottom 20%?
Vince Byrd: I’m not sure that we know that the exact percentages are but I think its fair to say early on we suggested that maybe some of the key food retailers were underdeveloped and then alternatively some of the alternative channels were overdeveloped versus what Smucker business percentages looked like. Again, in a very short period of time our team is able to focus on some of those retailers that maybe were underdeveloped to bring them more in line with Smucker’s overall business.
Tim Smucker: Let me add to what Vince said. Its sort of a mindset with our company. Every employees makes a difference but every customer makes a difference and every consumer makes a difference. The more our employees understand that, our team understands that, that makes a huge difference in going to market.
Operator: I will now turn the conference back to you to conclude.
Tim Smucker: Thank you all for your interest and the time on the call this morning. Let us all wish you many, many memorable meals and memorable moments over the Thanksgiving period.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-08-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Belgya - Chief Financial Officer Tim Smucker - Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO Richard Smucker - Executive Chairman and Co-CEO Vince Byrd - President of our Coffee Business Steve Oakland - President of Smuckers, Jif, and Hungry Jack Mark Smucker - President of Special Markets Paul Wagstaff - President Oils and Baking
Analysts: Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Farha Aslam – Stephens Chuck Cerankosky and Alex – North Coast Research Jon Andersen - William Blair Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research  Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer & Co.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the conference call over to the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Mark Belgya.
Mark Belgya: Welcome to our first quarter earnings conference call, thank you for joining us. Also on the call from the company are Tim Smucker, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO, Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman and Co-CEO, Vince Byrd, President of our Coffee Business, Steve Oakland, President of Smuckers, Jif, and Hungry Jack, Mark Smucker, President of our Special Markets and Paul Wagstaff, President Oils and Baking. After this brief introduction I will turn the call over to Richard for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter and Tim will provide closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments we will be available to answer your questions. If you’ve not seen our press release it is available on our website at Smuckers.com. A replay of this call is available on the website. If you have any follow up questions or comments after today’s call please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, our Director of Investor Relations. I would like to remind you that in both the prepared comments and during the question and answer period that follows, we may make forward looking statement that reflect the company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning such forward looking statements.  I also want to point out that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release and on our website. I’ll now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Smucker: I would like to begin by summarizing the key highlights for the quarter. First, we delivered record sales and earnings for the quarter with Folgers contributing significantly to the overall results. Sales were up 58% and non-GAAP earnings per share were up 12%. Second, as consumers eat more at home we benefited with broad based volume increases in nearly every one of our US retail categories.  Third, operating margin significantly expanded, mainly due to the addition of Folgers. Many of our core businesses also experienced margin gains as commodity costs have declined from a year ago. Finally, we are well positioned for this year’s back to school and fall bake and holiday periods, with our first opportunity to broadly include Folgers in multi-branding themed events. We have new advertising lined up and new products to capitalize on our strong momentum. Now let me provide brief commentary on each of our four business segment. During the quarter growth in both the Coffee category and Folgers once again exceeded historical levels in large part due to the execution by our fully integrated marketing and sales teams. The continued expansion of Dunkin Donuts and the Gourmet category and strong gains in traditional roast and ground led to the growth compared to last year. Segment profit in the quarter exceeded our long term expectations primarily due to lower green coffee costs during the period and volume related to operating efficiencies. At the beginning of this month we completed the last of our three key integration milestones, transitioning the green coffee systems onto our oracle platform. We would like to again thank our employees for their continued efforts. These integration activities have been executed seamlessly with no major issues or concerns. We’re on track to deliver the $80 million of synergies this fiscal year. In the Consumer area, performance for the quarter was strong as volume and sales increased for the Jif, Smuckers, and Hungry Jack brands and the segments profit growth exceeded sales gains. We recently expanded our peanut butter capacity and are well positioned for future growth. This year we look forward to focusing on merchandising, marketing and rolling out new products for Jif. We have started shipping our new Jif Omega 3 and our reduced fat Jif to go. In addition, we recently introduced new commercials under the Choosy Mom’s campaign, focusing on the brands core equities. In line with eat at home and the back to baking trends our oils and baking segment delivered good volume growth with both Crisco and Pillsbury experiencing double digit increases. Sales for the segment were down modestly as planned price decreases, additional promotional spending and volume declines in canned milk, more then offset the gains in baking, mixes and frosting. You may recall that a response to declining commodity costs we lowered oil, shortening, and flour prices by approximately 13% this past January and canned milk prices by 7% in June. Momentum in the Pillsbury brand continued this quarter with volume up over 25%. In addition we benefited from new placements at a key retailer last year and our new products, especially Easy Frost and Brownie Minis are receiving very good customer acceptance. This combination of new products, good merchandising programs and marketing investments gives us confidence in a solid fall bake for the oils and baking category. Finally, sales in the Special Markets segment increased 4% as the addition of Folgers more then offset unfavorable foreign exchange and volume declines. In summary, we delivered a strong quarter and are starting the year with good momentum. We are encouraged that commodity costs have declined and are comfortable that our pricing is positioned appropriately. As retailers are evaluating their product offerings, our strategy of owning number one brands positions us very well for the future. Further, our portfolio of brands fits the needs of today’s value oriented consumers. The strength of these brands provides the ability to continue to generate long term profitable growth. I’d now like to turn the call back to Mark to have him review the financial results for the quarter.
Mark Belgya: Sales were a record for the quarter again exceeding $1 billion. The growth, coupled with expansion in operating margins across almost all of our businesses delivered record earnings. Sales for the quarter increased $388 million or 58%. Volume gains of approximately 8% across Consumer and Oils and Baking were partially offset by decreases in Special Markets resulting in an overall volume increase of 2%. These volume gains were more then offset by recent price declines in Oils and Baking and an increase in promotional spending in certain categories. Excluding acquisitions and foreign exchange, sales were down 1% for the quarter. GAAP earnings per share were $0.83 this quarter and $0.77 in the first quarter of last year, including restructuring and merger integration costs. Excluding these charges in both years’ earnings per share were $0.92 this quarter and $0.82 in last year’s first quarter an increase of 12%. If you also exclude amortization in both years earnings per share were $1.02 this quarter and $0.84 last year an increase of 21%. Operating income increased $109 million for the quarter excluding charges and increased as a percent of sales from 11.4% to 17.6%, well above historical averages. Again, excluding amortization adds another 170 basis points to our operating margin.  Gross profit increased $198 million over the first quarter of last year and was the primary driver of the increase in operating income. Gross margin improved from 31.3% last year to 38.6% this quarter. Folgers contributed over 90% of the increase. Folgers gross margin continued to be positively impacted by favorable green coffee costs, mix and volume related operating efficiencies. Gross margin for the remaining Smucker business improved by 170 basis points over the prior year primarily due to overall lower commodity costs including diesel which allowed us to reach our margins more in line with historic levels. SG&A expenses increased approximately $71 million mainly reflecting the addition of Folgers but decreased as a percent of net sales from 19.7% to 19.1%. As expected, marketing expenses increased as percent of net sales in the quarter, in support of our brand equity initiatives including new advertising. Selling and corporate administrative expenses decreased as a percent of net sales reflecting the impact of leveraging the existing sales and corporate infrastructure and realizing synergies associated with the Folgers transaction. We have achieved all of the $80 million of synergies on a full year run rate basis and have included them in our full year guidance. Looking at other key EPS components, interest expense was up $8 million, reflecting the borrowings associated with the Folgers transaction. On June 1st we paid off $75 million of long term debt from available cash. We are currently in the process of securing a new $400 million three year revolver which will supplement our existing $180 million facility. We expect to close the financing during the second quarter, in time for the $550 million in maturities coming due in November. This new facility was factored into our guidance and is not expected to impact our original interest expense forecast for the year of $66 million. The effective income tax rate for the quarter was 35.2% compared to 33.3% in last year’s first quarter, reflecting the higher effective tax rate associated with the Folgers business and the net favorable resolution of previously open tax positions in 2009 compared to 2010. We continue to anticipate a full year tax rate of approximately 34%. Let me now comment on our reportable segments. The US Retail Coffee segment contributed $366 million to net sales for the first quarter 2010. Folgers and Dunkin Donuts sales strongly outperformed the prior year. Compared to the same three month period last year, prior to the transaction, volume was up 9%. Net sales for the same period were up as the volume increased and a favorable mix more then offset total price declines of approximately 7% taking last October and December. The Coffee segment contributed $127 million to profit and achieved a nearly 35% margin. We still believe that segment margin under 30% is more likely long term but recognize favorable green coffee costs could cause margins to be higher in the short term. Additionally, we have modified our hedging strategies for coffee and positions may now be longer similar to some of our other hedged commodities. Sales in our US Retail Consumer segment were up 6% led by 7% volume gain. Jif accounted for the largest portion of the increase but sales gains were also realized in fruit spreads, pancake mixes and syrups. Segment profit increased 12% reflecting sales growth, favorable product mix and supply chain efficiencies. Segment margin improved by 120 basis points compared to last year’s first quarter. In US Retail Oils and Baking segment sales declined 2% compared to last year. Segment volume was up 8% with double digit gains in Crisco Oil and Pillsbury Flour, baking mixes and frostings. Canned milk volume declined more then expected in both branded and private label. This impacted, coupled with price declines taken this calendar year, and higher promotional spending on Crisco led to the modest year over year sales decrease. Segment profit increased slightly and margins improved 50 basis points as lower commodity costs and supply chain efficiencies more then offset the higher promotional spending and planned increases in marketing across the segment. Total sales in the Special Markets segment increased 4% as the addition of Folgers more then offset the impact of foreign exchange and volume declines. In Canada, Foodservice and Natural Foods volume declines were generally attributable to the current economic environment. While volume and sales in Foodservice were down we continued to outperform the market decline in the hospitality industry. Profit in the Special Markets segment increased 36% for the quarter due mainly to the Folgers acquisition along with lower commodity costs and operating efficiencies. EBITDA, excluding merger related costs and adding back share based compensation expense as amortization was $233 million or 22.2% of net sales. Based on our first quarter we are tracking toward our guidance of full year EBITDA of greater then $900 million. Let me conclude my remarks with a review of cash flow. Cash used by operations was $26 million in the first quarter compared to cash provided of $60 million last year. We expect that a significant use of cash this quarter for the seasonal fruit and vegetable procurement to build inventories in advance of the fall bake and holiday seasons and the additional build up of coffee inventory in advance of the Atlantic hurricane season. We expect this build up to continue into the second quarter and then reverse in the second half of the year as we complete our seasonal periods. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Smucker: We had a record quarter with solid volume gains in US Retail businesses and we were able to leverage our top line growth into an even larger earnings increase. None of this would be possible without the dedication of our talented employees and we thank them for their tremendous efforts. It is clear that the addition of Folgers has improved our financial position with significantly higher margins and increased cash flows. In addition, our early results are evidence that our ownership of Folgers provides significant long term opportunities for the top and bottom line. While we continue to focus on leveraging the growth opportunities of the Folgers acquisition, we have not taken our eyes off our core brands and core businesses. We are making significant investments in building our brands through marketing, promotion and research and development, to position us for the short and long term. Let me share a few examples of some of our plans including cross branded theme marketing events, new advertising, and continued partnering with our retail customers. We recently ran a breakfast multi-brand merchandising event featuring Smuckers, Folgers, and Hungry Jack, our first multi-brand event including Folgers since we acquired the brand. For fall bake and holiday we have several multi-brand events planned featuring Folgers, Smuckers, Jif, Pillsbury and Eagle Brand. In Canada, we launched our Baking is Back promotion an effective way to communicate with our consumers by bundling our brands.  Finally, our team has worked on a record number of new television commercial supporting our brands including elevating the visibility of the Folgers brand with consumer with new advertising emphasizing the brands core equities including the tag line “The best part of waking up”. New advertising in support of the Dunkin Donuts business and retail channels, Smuckers commercials adding to the classic ‘boys’ campaign for jams and new Jif spots whose timing corresponds with the back to school period. We are encouraged by our strong first quarter performance and the momentum entering the fall bake and holiday season. However we expect second half comparables to be more challenging. We will lap the Folgers acquisition in early November and as you may recall last year’s fourth quarter coffee performance was high. In addition, second half comparisons for Oils and Baking will be tougher as we lap the new placements at one of our key retailers. With regard to our 2010 expectations, we have not changed our outlook for the year. Net sales are expected to approximate $4.5 billion and income per diluted share excluding merger and integration costs is expected to be at the higher end of the $3.65 to $3.80 range. We’re also maintaining our outlook on cash flow items that we provided you last quarter. As you look ahead, we believe that the shift to at home consumption is a trend that will continue and we are well prepared. Our brands have earned the reputation of high quality and fair value and the strength of our brands provides confidence in our strategy as we move forward. In summary, first we had another record quarter in a challenging economic environment. Second, we have now completed our three key integration milestones related to the Folgers integration in less than one year, and we’ll realize $80 million in synergies in 2010. Third, we are well positioned with new products and advertising for the important back to school and fall bake and holiday periods. Finally, we believe that our strategy of owning number one brands positions us well for future growth. We thank you for your time today and now are happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: My first question has to do with the multi-promo events, although its early and you’re kind of going into the key season I’m wondering what kind of lift you’re seeing by bundling the Folgers business with the other products versus let’s say what you’ve seen in the past? I know when you added Jif and Crisco you got quite a boost and I’m wondering if you at least initially see the same kind of lift.
Steve Oakland: Obviously it’s early on those. We did have a chance to run our first breakfast promotion with Hungry Jack tying in both FSI and trade support with coffee. I think what we saw was more merchandising. Those brands respond great to display, coffee allow us to get more display so we hope that will continue.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: At least initially you would attribute some of the performance, the strong volume growth that you saw in some of those brands to the initial co-marketing? Is that the way to interpret your comment?
Steve Oakland: I think that’s fair. We’re able to line those up, its very efficient to purchase the media and its very easy for the trade to get behind displaying for example pancake mix, syrup and coffee and jams and jellies. That’s a pretty simple concept for them and I think fits exactly what they’re trying to do right now.
Richard Smucker: I think having the volume and the brand strength of Folgers helps us with our customers in terms of getting their attention. They like that brand, it’s a great brand that they can merchandise and it just gives us more credibility and strength.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I assume that based on most of the volume numbers you talked about outside of the Specialty business that that signals most of the products gain market share is that a fair statement?
Paul Wagstaff: I’d say that’s fair with the exception of oils. Oils we did not gain market share over the first quarter period. We had a competitor that had very aggressive pricing going on. That being said we still improved our volume but just not market share.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Can you go over the comments you made about the $80 million of cost synergies and so you’ve achieved the $80 million or you’re now at a run rate of $80 million of you were to annualize what you’re doing today?
Mark Belgya: In the last couple quarters we have quantified on a full year run rate. Basically we have identified and will realize the $80 million through the course of the year. I would categorize it as an $80 million run rate that will be achieved by the end of the fiscal year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Farha Aslam – Stephens
Farha Aslam – Stephens: Going into your Dunkin Donuts brand coffee, what is ACZ now on Dunkin Donuts?
Vince Byrd: It hasn’t really changed significantly since we had that same question the last quarter. Again, on the core skus it’s going to be up in the 85% to 95% range. There are some flanker skus that are not anywhere near those ranges yet and then we’re poised to introduce the new item towards the end of the fiscal year. I guess the way to think about it though on the core skus it’s pretty much where we want it to be but there’s some incremental gain. The growth continues its capacity that we’re working on as much as anything.
Farha Aslam – Stephens: Dunkin Donuts brand has had just phenomenal growth this last year. Going forward what type of a growth rate would you expect on that brand?
Vince Byrd: That’s a very good question. As you know it exceeded our expectations but we would certainly hope we can continue with double digit growth for the next two or three years at a minimum.
Farha Aslam – Stephens: If you look at your coffee margins, you’d highlighted that this year could be above that normal run rate of 28% to 30%. How much out performance do you think there is in the year for this year?
Mark Belgya: That’s a little hard to estimate. We probably won’t get into a lot of detail. Obviously where the green coffee costs have been for the quarter will contribute a lot to the overall year. We’re not necessarily in the position to say we’re going to have that kind of results each of the next three quarters. The bulk of the increase is driven by this quarter.
Farha Aslam – Stephens: On the Baking and Oils new retailer that you entered into, if you could break down your volume increases generated by the expansion into that retailer versus your core. How can we think about that just to better model it going forward?
Paul Wagstaff: What happened basically about a year ago August we entered into an agreement with one of the key retailers and increased our positioning on shelves significantly for the baking items primarily cake and frosting. We’re in the process of we will be lapping those numbers coming up in the second quarter. That did contribute significantly to our growth. That being said, when you look at some of the other core customers that we do business with those numbers are also up in double digits as well so its good growth all the way around.
Farha Aslam – Stephens: We can model in continued volume growth for that baking business despite the business lapping this increase in this one retailer?
Paul Wagstaff: Yes, I think the business will continue to grow. It won’t be quite as high as what we’ve seen.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chuck Cerankosky and Alex – North Coast Research
Chuck Cerankosky and Alex – North Coast Research: If my math is correct it looks like you’ve expensed about $80 million of merger and integration charges.
Mark Belgya: That’s correct.
Chuck Cerankosky and Alex – North Coast Research: Could you give us an update on how much you expect to expense in total over the course of the rest of this year and the key to that going forward?
Mark Belgya: For the whole year we said we’d be in the $30 to $35 million range. Obviously that’s going to be a little front end loaded in terms of the fiscal as we have costs that are specific to the first and second quarters. We’re tracking towards that so I would still say that’s an appropriate range. Again, a little bit heavier in the first half versus the second half. It will continues to be pretty much the areas we talked about, its employee cost related, its training, some system transition, things like that.
Chuck Cerankosky and Alex – North Coast Research: It looks like the inventory build this year is a little bit heavier then it has been in the past. How much is coffee, is pricing playing into that, do you expect greater volume in the second half and you want to secure some inventories now? What’s going on, or what’s the logic behind that?
Mark Belgya: From a dollar perspective if you look at base Smucker a year ago versus this year coffee is about the same amount. If you look at the cash flow it probably drove about half of that net change of working capital which was about $175 million use. If you look at the base Smucker business historically we’re probably built inventories of about 25% from years to the end of the first quarter. The coffee business is growing inventory faster so it’s a more concentrated time period plus we’re building for the Atlantic hurricane season so that’s the difference between the base Smucker business and coffee. Just a couple other comments and maybe in advance of a question is that we also from the Smucker side we benefited last year actually on some working capital components that we did not have the same benefit this year. Inventory drove most but there was some last year I think that artificially drove that positive cash flow that just didn’t recur this year.
Chuck Cerankosky and Alex – North Coast Research: I know in early June you changed the pricing strategy around coffee going to a little bit everyday price and a little bit less promotion. How have retailers responded to that and what are the benefits around it?
Vince Byrd: It’s been received very positively. It has been implemented by the majority of accounts and certainly most retailers likely have a better everyday low price for their consumer. I’d say overall it’s been very positive. However, our major competitor at this point has not followed us.
Chuck Cerankosky and Alex – North Coast Research: You mentioned a couple times about supply chain efficiencies, I was wondering if you could just give a little more color around that is that a result of scale or other things you guys are doing as well.
Mark Belgya: It is scale. Some of it is around diesel costs; some of it is around volume driven. Obviously with the good volume across the business our manufacturing facilities were able to maximize from that perspective. There are synergies from the combination, you’ll recall over the last year we’ve talked about the synergies that are the result of the critical math that we can offer up on the cog size so that was some of it as well.
Chuck Cerankosky and Alex – North Coast Research: With the refinancing or the new bank line, within sight of completion any thoughts about the dividend?
Mark Belgya: The Board looks at the dividend annually in April. We took the dividend up in the first quarter. I’m sure the Board will continue to look at that. No immediate news to any changes on that.
Chuck Cerankosky and Alex – North Coast Research: When you’re looking at these nice food at home trends any thoughts about that being a function purely the economy or do you guys see something else benefiting that over the longer term?
Richard Smucker: We think its going to continue. We think that it was probably driven initially by the economy, although those trends we did start to see about two and a half years ago, three years ago. They started slowly the economy accelerated it and although even if the economy gets better we still think that the trend will continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Andersen - William Blair
Jon Andersen - William Blair: Beginning with the guidance obviously you’ve reaffirmed the outlook for the year but the additional language around more likely to be near the higher end of the range given the strong start. Revenue still looks like you’re expecting $4.5 billion in that range. It would appear that you’re looking for stronger margin performance. Can you talk a little bit about where you’re seeing it; I’m assuming this is largely related to Folgers and segment operating margins there. Is it a margin driven shift in the outlook towards the higher end of the range and what parts of the business are giving you confidence in that?
Mark Belgya: Clearly is a margin, coffee driving the majority of it. As we said, with the lower commodity costs we talked about this over the last couple of quarters. We expected to see margins return to “historical levels” and we’re seeing that across all our businesses. As we look out in the cost environment it’s too early to predict the end of the year and that was really some of the reasoning behind our guidance review. The costs are favorable and I think it’s primarily margin. We’ve achieved the synergies or we will have achieved the synergies, not that that was necessarily in doubt but we are going to achieve that $80 million. It’s a number of things but I think you’ve identified the key ones.
Richard Smucker: That’s probably 80% of it but the other side is the top line has been very good and the momentum on sales per unit has been very good, slightly above our expectations on our plan. There is some top line growth that we anticipate continuing.
Jon Andersen - William Blair: Given the strength of your brand and number one, number two positions that you hold, it just hasn’t felt like private label has been as much of a headwind for you. I’m wondering if you could comment a little bit about what you’re seeing in the private label space in your categories and whether you’re seeing any of the trends there moderate going forward.
Richard Smucker: I think typically what we’ve seen over the years is our brands are compatible with private label. We always believe that consumers can have a choice and so we think that our brands are really compatible. Overall our very responsible marketers so when we take share it really is more with our other branded competitors then it is with private label.
Tim Smucker: Having the number one brand position as you know if private label takes more share it’s usually from the three or four brands and that’s why our strategy of owning number one brands is really important to us.
Vince Byrd: You obviously see the share of market information and you know that private label has grown but back to the strength of our brands for the most part we’ve been able to hold or gain share. A key component of that is we have to monitor all of our pricing points to make sure that we’re providing value to our consumer’s everyday.
Jon Andersen - William Blair: You guys have done a tremendous job within 12 months achieving the $80 million in run rate synergies that you initially identified for Folgers. At this point in time do you see additional opportunities that maybe weren’t as apparent upon the initial close of the deal that would allow you find ways to push that number higher over time?
Mark Belgya: We’ve talked in the past we build in no revenue synergy as part of the $80 million. Clearly as you’ve seen the last two quarters of ’09 and the first quarter here we have benefited from that. To your earlier point in your question the fact that we’ve integrated the business in under a year, the way we manage the business probably is a little different then maybe other companies with major acquisitions is that as we folded it in we’re comfortable with hitting the $80 million but we don’t consistently go tracking to see if there’s more.  What I will say is the proof will be in the pudding as margins over time should be enhanced not only in Folgers and the coffee business but across other lines of our business. We don’t want to continually talk about synergies but we’re going to continually talk about driving margin expansion.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research 
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research : I wanted to touch upon your comments about changing your hedging strategies a bit with respect to green coffee. If I remember correctly you said that you’ll be taking longer positions. I know the market’s been volatile and generally moving upward recently. I’m wondering what the reasoning behind your decision to increase your hedging periods are and the risk that that poses when green coffee costs come down and your customers expect the typical price pass through.
Vince Byrd: Let me clarify the comment. We’ve done nothing to change the physical purchases of coffee. This is a bit of technical issue but because we went from LIFO to FIFO the layer was eliminated and just by definition that puts you at a longer position relative to your hedging strategy. We do not anticipate at this point necessarily changing the pricing transparency that is with the trade and that’s been explained before. I don’t know that I would say there’s any more risk to the business or upside to the business it’s just that by definition we have a longer position of coffee by eliminating the LIFO layer. Like all commodities though we’ll obviously look to see where we’re positioned and make pricing changes up or down. During this particular period as Mark mentioned earlier we were in a favorable position but not to a point to enact a pricing change.
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research : Given that spot green coffee costs were up in the quarter is it fair to say then and yet your margins benefited and yet you had some very nice above normalized margins is it fair to say that you benefited from some legacy hedges or from some hedges that were already in place.
Vince Byrd: Absolutely.
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research : If I remember correctly in the second quarter of last year you had something like $0.30 per share of course that was on the old share base of mark to market losses that were in your numbers. Just as we look at the second quarter comps, really look at forecasting for the second quarter of fiscal ’09 should we be, I know you can’t tell what the positions are going to be at the end of the quarter but should the presence of those mark to market losses last year be a nice benefit or are there offsets that I’m missing.
Mark Belgya: You’re right, the amount was as you suggested. I don’t know if you want to call it a benefit. What I would say is that last year’s unfavorable hedge loss, since our hedge losses were the result of the market at the time and our position those did reverse out as we talked in the back half of the year. We would not normally project any kind of significant favorable or unfavorable hedging gains or losses and if so we would communicate that. I will leave that to allow you to handle however you want to handle last year but there was a reason because of the commodity market at the time.
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research : Were there any mark to market gains or losses in the first quarter? I know that these get resolved over the subsequent quarter and in terms of cog were there any mark to market gains or losses in the quarter that just ended?
Mark Belgya: The mark to market on commodity was clearly immaterial for the quarter.
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research : Circling back in terms of volume you guys frankly seem to be one of the only food companies out there able to grow volumes in this environment. Even some companies with portfolios that you would expect to aligned with the food at home trend. I know that you sighted distribution gains with a large retailer. I’m wondering whether you could give some additional color as to why you guys are standing out in terms of volume performance in this environment. It really seems like a disappointing performance from the industry and maybe you have some insight into that.
Steve Oakland: It’s hard for us to make judgment on the whole industry. I can say we want to congratulate our sales team on execution. We had a chance to really lay out the multi-brand efforts that we talked about before. The efforts behind the peanut butter business, if you think about when we planned the peanut butter business you’re working six months out with your customer and we were facing the PCA recall issues last year. We’ve put a lot of great plans in place and the team with all this on their plate did a great job executing. I think it goes back to what we think is a core competency and that’s execution.
Vince Byrd: This is probably one of the first quarters that we’ve had an opportunity to significantly change the coffee business given how far our plans typically are in the marketplace. You also have to remember a year ago the former owner would have been their end of fiscal year and they were going through the Hercules product transition. Clearly the focus of our sales and marketing efforts in the quarter made an impact on driving the business and we believe that will continue into the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: I wanted to ask more big picture about your approach to pricing. In US retail you had negative price growth there and obviously you got rewarded for it on volumes. I think you’re really the only one of your peers that has reported a negative price metric thus far. Your peers seem to think that they’re striking an appropriate balance and you clearly seem to be striking an appropriate balance on you end. I’m trying to understand the tactical differences and how to think about them and why this balance makes sense for you whereas the opposite balance seems to make sense for some of your peers.
Paul Wagstaff: I can speak to the baking and oil side, we feel that we did pass through the commodity cost declines that occurred last year back in January time period. We feel that we priced our costs very similar in the right balance with our pricing. I think we’ve been rewarded for that. That’d be my response.
Richard Smucker: Our strategy is really to be as transparent with our customers and gain credibility with our customers whenever possible. We’re very open with them and when there’s a reason to go down in price we do it, they understand it, we talk it through thoroughly with them and when we have to go up in price we do the same thing. I think we’ve been able to gain credibility with our customer because of that transparency.
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: On Folgers there was an earlier question about the synergies. I was also a little bit confused about how that was mentioned in the prepared remarks because I thought that you said that you’re basically at that $80 million right now. I’m struggling to understand why that is still an exit rate for 2010 instead of a number that will be achieved for 2010.
Mark Belgya: I think that you’re correct, by the end of the year we will have achieved the full $80 million. I think on the run rate discussion we had the last couple quarters is that as went through the process integration we obviously put $80 million out there with specific areas. As you go through the integration you can imagine some of those fall on, new ones get added. We were comfortable at the time as we incrementally added in the third and fourth quarter and commented I think at last quarter at $65 million. At this point of view now we are clear with the $80 million where they’re coming from and they will be in our earnings by years end and they’ll obviously be recognized through the next three quarters.
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: About your coffee input costs what is sort of an appropriate lag time to think about if we’re looking at the commodity and when that might flow through the P&L with the change in how long you’re hedging. What’s a reasonable lag time, if pricing goes up in one month is it fair to say that we’ll see that in the P&L three months down the road, six months down the road, nine months down the road, what’s the right way to think about it?
Vince Byrd: Just to clarify, are you looking for like what the cover position is how transparent the pricing is?
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: I’m trying to understand, you’re hedging increasingly further out so if we see a change in the commodity I’m trying to understand roughly when we’ll see that change flow through your earnings?
Vince Byrd: Its going to depend on what our position is and that can vary from now 18 to 24 weeks depending on the position we have at that particular point. To Mark’s point the way the pricing transparency works you might see pricing enacted much, much quicker then that. It just depends upon our position, what we have planned in terms of like an upcoming holiday season, etc.
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: The IRI data that came out yesterday you had really nice volume growth in both peanut butter and jelly. The price growth was actually negative there and those aren’t categories where I would think that the input costs are necessarily really down year over year. Just wondering if you took a different tactic with promotions in those businesses over the last month or two?
Steve Oakland: I think we’ve talked about in a previous call the one impact on the jam and jelly business that’s been interesting on the economy as we’ve seen tradition jams and jelly volume grow. What I mean by that is strawberry jam, grape jelly, blackberry, orange marmalade, and those things. We’ve seen some of our more expensive per unit items decline and that would be low sugar, simply fruit, and those things. We’ve seen the category shift more towards traditional jams, jellies, and preserves. As you can see in the segment numbers it hasn’t hurt our margins but it has show a little bit of a shift so you’ve seen the tonnage grow faster then the dollars.
Richard Smucker: It does show how the consumer is thinking about it that they’re looking for more value and we have value offering.
Steve Oakland: Some of that has been merchandising with peanut butter. Obviously traditional items merchandise really well with peanut butter and we’re off to a great back to school start.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: You go to more or less EDLP strategy in coffee or some of your skus. The fact that you are including Folgers now in your multi-brand promotions, you’re still promoting the brand, it’s just sort of coupled and tied in with your other businesses.
Vince Byrd: We’re not going to an EDLP strategy 100% with trade. What we basically did was take about a third or 25% of our trade monies and put them into price. We clearly still have trade funds to promote during the key promotional periods but again that will enable the consumer to get an everyday better price then come promotional period time we’re not going to as deep as what we did previously because we put those monies into everyday pricing. I just want to clarify we haven’t eliminated all promotional funding during key time periods.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: How was marketing spending in this quarter and I think you said last quarter that you anticipate marketing spend to be in line, the growth to be in line with sales growth is that still the plan?
Mark Belgya: Marketing spending this quarter actually ran above sales and we would expect that to continue during the year.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Spending above the rate of growth of sales?
Mark Belgya: Right.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: In the coffee segment this is the time of year you get a lot of coffee aisle shelf set resets. Any changes in the overall aisle relative to Folgers and Dunkin?
Vince Byrd: Actually I would say yes and it’s positive, there’s been a couple major retailers make some changes based upon recommendations that we believe it provides better shopping section for the consumer, it’s much, much easier. Each retailer is a little bit different when they look at their sets and their skus but we’ll work with them wherever we can but there have been very major changes that occurred over the last quarter.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: In the $4.5 billion revenue guidance have there been any changes in the mix, I think you said that the incremental piece of Folgers would be between $800 and $850 million. I was wondering if that remains the same as well as what the organic volume, non-Folgers volume base business is embedded in that number.
Vince Byrd: I would say at this point in time the assumptions that we discussed last quarter are all still in tact.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer & Co.
Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer & Co.: I wanted to dig a little bit deeper into the selling synergies you were talking about. I know you once mentioned this idea of category and cap and I don’t know where you are as far as progress there. Are there any other selling synergies you could point us to?
Vince Byrd: Those are evaluated from time to time and it’s our objective to provide the retailer with as much category and shopper insights as we can. You just don’t go in and ask a retailer we want to now be your cap and you have to earn that. I think that over the long term we have done that on our core businesses and in the majority between a lot in the spreads or in baking we’ve earned those rights and we’re slowing doing that in coffee as well.
Ian Zaffino – Oppenheimer & Co.: Is there anything else that you could help us understand about the selling synergies or what you have to do there?
Mark Belgya: To reiterate a point that Richard made earlier is that from the critical mass that we have with the addition of Folgers I think that we do have a very good relationship with our retailers. Us owning the Folgers business I think that our retailers are excited about that and with the historic relationship we’ve built we’re able to take advantage of that and I think in some of the prepared remarks earlier we talked about the integrated sales and marketing team efforts, that’s where you’re seeing it. You’re seeing the top line growth that we’re talking about that’s what’s driving it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Given how strong the volume growth is you noted that you have extra capacity in peanut butter. Should we expect CapEx to rise above what you had previously thought based on utilization being tight?
Mark Belgya: I would say at this point we’re always reviewing our CapEx but specific to the capacity, no those were projects that had been embedded in the last year’s capital budget and some spending this year. I wouldn’t read anything more into that.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: What’s the right number to use for CapEx for this fiscal year?
Mark Belgya: For right now in total we’re at I think we said $120 million. That might go up a little bit. We do have some projects on the drawing board that we’re going to look at. We will probably update everyone next quarter.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: It strikes me as you move to let’s say more of an EDLP strategy in coffee and the changes in the hedging policy or the accounting thereof. Why are we focusing on margins in that business? Shouldn’t we be focusing on dollar EBIT rather then percentage margin? I’m concerned that because coffee is obviously inherently volatile that as we try to estimate what you’re doing in that business that you’re probably managing it on a dollar basis and if the street starts focusing on percentage margins that can create a problem. Maybe you’ve got the Dunkin Donut mix and the synergies so maybe I’m incorrect in thinking it that way but it just seems to me that we may be headed in different directions by focusing so much on percentage margins.
Tim Smucker: I think you’re exactly correct. Obviously we do look at margins but in the end it does come down to dollars and we look at those versus our volume rates. We will be focusing a lot on what the absolute dollars are. Margins do vary as you pointed out from year to year primarily in some of our, not only coffee, but also in some of the more commodity categories. Just because our margins are a little higher right now that doesn’t concern us long term because we’re going to look for continued growth in dollars.
Steve Oakland: We always think volume is a margin friend. If we get the volumes we get the margins we’ll get the dollars.
Operator: I will now turn the conference back to you to conclude.
Tim Smucker: Thank you very much for your interest and I just want to add that the team this quarter has done a tremendous job. We’ve talked a lot about the three major milestones which we’ve done a great job. There’ve been a number of other milestones we’ve it that we haven’t talked about. Again, thanks to the team, thanks for the interest and your great questions today. Have a great day.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-06-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mark Belgya – CFO Tim Smucker – Co-CEO Richard Smucker – Co-CEO Mark Smucker - President Special Markets Vince Byrd - President Coffee Business  Steve Oakland - President Smucker Jif & Hungry Jack  Paul Smucker Wagstaff - President Oils & Baking.  
Analysts:  Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank  Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.  Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott  Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer  Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets  Michael Prober – Clovis Karen Lamark – Federated Investors  Bill Leach – Unspecified Company  
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Mark Belgya; please go ahead sir. 
Mark Belgya: Good morning everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. I am the company’s Chief Financial Officer, and thank you for joining us this morning. Also on the call from the company Tim Smucker, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO; Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman and Co-CEO; and Mark Smucker, President of Special Markets who are all joining us from New York. And with me today in Orrville, Vince Byrd, President Coffee Business, Steve Oakland, President Smucker’s Jif and Hungry Jack, and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President Oils and Baking.  After this brief introduction I will turn the call over to Tim for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter and Richard will provide and overview of 2010 and offer closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments we will be available to answer your questions.  If you have not seen our press release it is available on our website at www.smucker.com. A replay of this call is available on the website. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today’s call please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, Director of Investor Relations. I would like to remind you that both in the prepared comments and during the question-and-answer period that follows, we may make forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement in the press release concerning such forward-looking statements.  I also want to point out that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release and on our website. I’ll now turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Smucker : Thank you Mark, good morning everyone and thank you joining us. As you saw in our press release, we had a very strong quarter with sales and earnings results much better then we expected when we spoke to you in February.  I would like to open with a brief discussion of the fourth quarter’s performance before I summarize the year. Mark will then take you through a more detailed discussion of the quarter.  Our strong financial results in the quarter were due primarily to four factors that were favorable to our forecast. First, higher coffee sales, second better then anticipated sales across all base Smucker businesses, third improved margins primarily in coffee driven a combination of efficient trade spend and lower short-term commodity costs, and fourth lower marketing and sales expenses.  Certain of these benefits in the quarter are not expected to continue in future periods. Higher then forecast sales provided most of the improvement with approximately two-thirds of the sales outperformance coming from coffee. Easter which falls in our fourth quarter gave us our first opportunity to manage the coffee business through a key promotional period. Our execution of the Easter program was extremely successful and exceeded expectations. The combination of promotional programs, the impact of a fully integrated sales team, and the on-air return of a classic Folgers advertisement proved to be a winning formula.  For some time the category has seen trended declines, however in March and April Folgers experienced significant sales growth and as you may have seen in the IRI data, the category volume grew at double-digit levels in April.  While this magnitude of gain may be difficult to repeat, this quarter’s results in coffee solidifies our belief in the transaction and provides evidence that our ownership of Folgers will provide significant opportunities.  We believe that the continued shift to at-home consumption contributed to our strong performance and as a trend we are well prepared for and think will continue. Family today are looking for comfort, consistency, and quality and as a result, turn to trusted products and simple pleasures.  We believe our brands have earned the reputation of high quality and fair value, delivering consistently, and helping mealtime become a special experience. The strength of our brands provides us the confidence we see moving forward. Now I would like to review the key highlights for the year, a truly remarkable one for the Smucker company. First, we completed the largest transaction in our company’s history when we added Folgers to our portfolio.  In less then eight months we have already accomplished the majority of our key integration milestones and are well on our way to realizing the $80 million in synergies.  Second, we achieved record sales and earnings for the year with sales of nearly $3.8 billion and non-GAAP earnings of over $320 million, up 49% and 80% respectively.  Third, we generated record levels of free cash of over $330 million, more then tripling last year’s level. We accomplished this in an environment where having cash and certain liquidity is much more critical to the day-to-day operations of the business then perhaps in the past.  And finally, as a result of the increase in our market cap related to the transaction we were added to the S&P 500.  These achievements are especially gratifying considering the difficult economic climate our consumers have faced over the last year. Quite simply we believe it comes down to the successful implementation of our strategy.  The complexities of completing the largest merger in our history along with operating in this environment would not have been possible without the exceptional talent and dedication of our employees and we want to again thank them for their tremendous and continued efforts.  As we look to 2010, we are excited about a number of new products and marketing initiatives which we’ve discussed recently at a number of conferences. Additionally as part of our desire to be the leading share of voice in the categories in which we participate, we plan to launch new advertising for many of our key brands.  With the addition of Folgers, we are even better positioned to meet the needs of both our consumers and customers, fueling the strong momentum we achieved this year. We are confident that our strategy will continue to result in long-term growth and shareholder value.  I would like to now turn the call back to Mark to have him complete his review of the financial results. 
Mark Belgya : Thank you Tim, higher then anticipated sales was a key driver of earnings per share exceeding our guidance. Sales for the quarter increased $479 million or 81%. Excluding acquisitions and foreign exchange, sales were up 3% for the quarter primarily due to pricing taken in late 2008 and early 2009.  GAAP earnings per share were $0.80 this quarter and $0.67 in the fourth quarter of last year including restructuring and merger and integration costs. Excluding these charges in both years, earnings per share were $1.02 this quarter and $0.73 in last year’s fourth quarter, an increase of 40%.  Operating income increased over $130 million for the quarter excluding charges, and increased as a percent of sales from 11.3% to 18.4%. Excluding amortization, our operating margin reached 20% of sales, well above historical averages.  We do not expect margins to continue at this level given the nonrecurring nature of certain items that contributed to the improvement. Gross profit increased $217 million over the fourth quarter of last year and was the primary driver of the increase in operating income.  Folgers contributed over 90% of the increase. Gross margin improved from 30.9% to 37.4% this quarter. Adding Folgers drove much of the year over year improvement. In addition, Folgers gross margin was favorably impacted by the strong sales performance, the efficient trade spend during the Easter period, favorable green coffee market conditions, and product sales mix. Also, our higher sales volume allowed for favorable absorption of fixed overhead expenses.  While having much less impact, gross margin for the remaining Smucker business improved 90 basis points over the prior year as pricing actions taken in the previous year continued to allow us to improve margin more in line with historic levels.  SD&A expenses increased approximately $63 million dollars mainly reflecting the addition of Folgers but decreased as a percent of net sales from 20.1% to 17%. Corporate administrative expenses increased 33% which was well below the increase in sales for the quarter. This reflects the impact of leveraging the existing corporate infrastructure and realizing synergies associated with the Folgers transaction.  We estimate that to date we have achieved synergies of $65 million on a full year run rate basis. Overall marketing expense as percent of sales declined as increased spending for the base Smucker business was more then offset by declines in Folgers. We simply did not incur the expenses that Folgers had originally budgeted as we redirected our focus on plans to reenergize the traditional coffee business.  However we did increase coffee advertising spending during the quarter. Also significant manpower was focused on integration activities. This year we expect incremental investments to support or new marketing initiatives.  Amortization expense for the quarter was $17 million, $14 million of which related to Folgers. During fiscal 2009 we recorded $33 million of amortization related to Folgers, down $4 million from the estimate we provided last quarter reflecting final adjustments to asset values.  Looking at other key EPS components, interest expense was up $8 million reflecting the borrowings associated with the Folgers transaction. Subsequent to the end of the year on June 1st, we paid off $75 million of long-term debt from available cash.  The effective income tax rate for the quarter was 33.2% compared to 30% in last year’s fourth quarter. Last year’s rate included benefits realized from the resolution of previously opened tax matters. The effective tax rate for the year decreased slightly from 33.1% to 32.9% this year.  Let me now comment on our reportable segments, as detailed in this morning’s release we have realigned the reporting of our financial results into four segments. They are US retail consumer market, US retail oils and baking market, US retail coffee market, and special markets. To assist in modeling, in our press release we provided quarterly information for fiscal 2009 and 2008 under our new segment structure.  Sales in our US retail consumer segment were up 5% in the quarter as Smucker's, Jif and Hungry Jack were all up primarily on pricing gains. Overall volume was flat with modest declines in peanut butter and fruit spreads. Volume for Smucker’s Uncrustables was down reflecting the impact of the FDA recall earlier this year and the current economy.  These declines offset gains in Hungry Jack syrup, pancakes, and potato side dishes. Profit increased 7% reflecting sales growth, lower marketing and selling cost, and the recognition of synergies.  In the US retail oils and baking segment, sales increased 7% compared to last year primarily due to price increases, and volume gains in baking mixes, frostings, and flour. Pillsbury had a very strong fourth quarter, up 50% in volume and dollars primarily due to new placements at key retailer, and softer comparables from last year.  As anticipated Crisco sales were down reflecting the 13% price decline effective this past January, competitive activity, and gains by private labels. You will recall that we expected significant competitive activity around Easter, following our strong fall bake.  Segment profit declined nearly $4 million as planned increases in marketing primarily in support of Crisco Olive Oil, more then offset profitability improvements in the baking business, and a better matching of prices to cost.  The US retail coffee segment contributed $413 million to net sales for the fourth quarter of 2009. Folgers and Dunkin’ Donut sales strongly outperformed the prior year. During the quarter the coffee category reversed its downward trend with Folgers exceeding the category growth.  Compared to the same three month period last year prior to the transaction, our coffee segment sales increased 6%. Volume growth of 16% more then offset the impact of price decreases taken over the last 12 months. The coffee segment contribute $151 million to segment profit and achieved a 36.5% margin, a level at which we would not expect to continue in future quarters.  Total sales in the special market segment increased 25% due mostly to the impact of Folgers, Knott’s Berry Farm, and Europe’s Best acquisitions. These more then offset the impact of foreign exchange and declines in the foodservice portion control and natural foods volume. Profits in the special markets segment increased 54% for the quarter mainly due to these acquisitions.  As part of our original Folgers pro forma information, we estimated a first full year EBITDA of $820 million or a 17.3% margin. In this definition EBITDA excluded merger related costs and added back share based compensation expense [as] amortization. For 2009 EBITDA as defined above, was $668 million reflecting only six months’ of Folgers, or 17.8% of net sales, exceeding our first year pro forma margin target. Cash provided by operations was $156 million in the fourth quarter. This raised the full year amount to $445 million for the year which more than doubled the 2008 amount. Subtracting capital expenditures, free cash flow for the year was $336 million compared to $103 million last year. As a result, cash and cash equivalents totaled in excess of $450 million at year’s end.  Turning to 2010 key components effecting our cash flow in addition to income include: capital expenditures of approximately $120 million or about 2.7% of sales; depreciation and amortization including amortization of the share based compensation of approximately $195 million; payment of $550 million in debt maturing during the year; dividends of $165 million based on current rates; and finally, merger and integration costs of approximately $30 million to $35 million.  I would now like to turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Smucker : Thank you Mark and good morning everyone. With yet another record year, I would like to join Tim in thanking our employees. They had delivered these results while integrating the largest merger in our company’s history.  Since our earnings call in February, we successfully completed the second of three key integration milestones with the transition of the manufacturing, warehousing, and administrative systems onto our Oracle platform effective May 1st.  We have achieved most of the key integration activities and are pleased to report that they have been executed seamlessly and there have been no major issues or concerns. This year our focus in coffee will be on the following areas.  First, achieving the final major milestone expected to be completed in the fall of transitioning the green coffee system onto our Oracle platform. Second, we will continue our efforts to reestablish focus on the traditional Folgers business which makes up approximately 70% of the US retail coffee business.  Achieving long-term growth in the traditional business is essential to growing the overall coffee business and is our number one priority for 2010. Third, we will continue to capitalize on the gourmet coffee segment with the fastest segment of the at-home coffee business. We will emphasize growing the Dunkin’ Donuts business in all retail channels. In less then two years since its introduction, Dunkin’s sales now exceed $200 million on an annual basis. And finally we expect to achieve the $80 million synergy target by the end of this fiscal year.  While much of the organization’s efforts this year will continue to be completing the coffee integration, we will remain focused on our efforts to grow our brands, provide value to our consumers, and deliver on our purpose of bringing families together to share memorable meals and moments.  You will see this through product innovation, cross-branded theme marketing events, new advertising, and continuing partnering with our retail customers. Now turning to our financial outlook, we expect net sales of approximately $4.5 billion. This represents an increase of 20% over 2009. Owing the Folgers business for the whole year compared to the six months that we owned it last year, is anticipated to contribute additional sales of $800 million to $850 million. Sales in the base Smucker business are expected to decrease by approximately 3%, primarily reflecting the full year impact of price declines mainly in oils and baking.  Volume is expected to increase by a little over 1%. We expect non-GAAP earnings per share for fiscal 2010 of $3.65 to $3.80, ahead of our original June, 2008 guidance of $3.62 to $3.72. Included in this range is approximately $0.40 per share of amortization resulting from the significant amount of intangibles on our balance sheet. Excluding amortization, our 2010 forecast will be $4.05 to $4.20 per share. Based on these earnings, we anticipate EBITDA will exceed $900 million or approximately 20% of net sales putting us nearly a full year ahead of schedule in terms of our EBITDA forecast.  Key assumptions for the 2010 estimates include gross margin for the year at 250 to 350 basis points better then our 2009 full year level. This reflects the impact of a full year of the higher margin coffee business and approximately $100 million in lower raw material cost excluding green coffee.  Most of these cost decreases were anticipated and have already been factored into previously announced price declines primarily in oils and baking. SD&A including amortization is expected to approximate 20% of sales. Marketing and selling is planned to increase in support of key Folgers initiatives and new advertising for many of our brands. Second, additional pension expense of $10 million is included. And third, the full year amortization expense is estimated at $73 million, with $66 million related to Folgers. This represents incremental amortization expense of $33 million due to owning Folgers for a full year, but is $8 million less then what we forecasted last quarter reflecting the final adjustments to our asset values.  Interest expense of $66 million is expected for the year. This reflects the impact of debt maturities occurring during the year along with assumed borrowings under our revolving credit facility. We expect a full year tax rate of 34%. And finally, we are basing our earnings range on weighted average shares outstanding of approximately 118.5 million shares.  As a reminder, the addition of Folgers magnifies the seasonality around the holiday time period. Based on current estimates approximately 55% to 60% of our sales will fall in the second and third quarters, with the remainder split equally between the first and fourth quarters.  Our working capital requirements lead our sales seasonality with inventory buildup occurring in the first half of the year. So in summary, we had another record year in a very challenging environment. Second, we completed the Folgers transaction and in less then eight months have achieved the majority of our key integration milestones and realized most of the synergies.  Third, we generated record levels of cash and our financial metrics are well ahead of the targets that we set when we announced the transaction. And finally, we believe that our strategy of owning and marketing leading North American food brands and our ability to successfully execute on this strategy, positions us well for future growth.  And as a result we have increased our outlook for the coming year. We thank you for your time today and we are happy to answer any questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : Congratulations, well deserved in a tough economy and a tough time, I guess I wanted to ask a couple of questions on the coffee business, now that you’ve owned it for six, seven plus months, can you talk a little bit about the $80 million synergy target, it seems like things are going quite well in terms of how you’re integrating it and also how the recent volatility since the quarter ended in coffee is kind of worked into your assumptions on that business for all of fiscal 2010.
Vince Byrd : Well a couple of things, as I think we’ve mentioned in the script first of all, we’re well on our way to achieving the $80 million and a majority of those have already been achieved during the fiscal year on an annualized basis. There is a gap yet, so we feel very comfortable that we’ll be able to get there.  In regard to your second point, yes there has been an increase, I assumed you’re talking about green coffee commodities, as you know there’s a situation in Columbia which we took a price increase in the fourth quarter to cover those costs.  We’ve also talked historically that the previous owner was pretty transparent about pricing, when it met certain thresholds up or down, we would adjust prices accordingly. And clearly during the quarter we had a slight benefit from where green coffee sat, but as we look forward and you look at May and June, it took a pretty sharp increase but its now settling down a bit.  So we’re still in that zone, what I consider that no pricing is required. Also I think you’re aware that we had announced we’re doing what we call a price adjustment with trade spend and we’re also hoping that we don’t have to take any pricing during this period of implementation which occurs at the end of this month. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : And then just to talk about the core business, I guess I was a little bit surprised given what a lot of other companies in the industry have alluded to as the center of the store being quite strong, your volumes were pretty I guess flat on the core and I’m kind of wondering how much the edible oils and/or the peanut butter hit accounted for that volume being flat. Do you have those numbers?
Mark Belgya : As we saw last quarter, we saw the same thing this time, the volume in oils in particular did drive and sort of leveled out the overall company volume. We saw significant growth for example in Hungry Jack in the potato and the pancakes area which we’ve talked about sort of return to home eating. So the volume decline in oil, peanut butter was somewhat expected but it was actually better then we would have thought three months ago when we talked.  So yes, I would attribute it primarily to the oils. 
Paul Smucker Wagstaff : And just in the fourth quarter as you may recall for fall bake, we did have a very strong fall bake for oils and we anticipated that we’d have a rather difficult fourth quarter. Typically if you win fall bake you don’t do as well in Easter and so we were anticipating that. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : And then the, I think you just said that there was a $10 million expense on pension for this year but did you mention what the cash contribution may or may not have been to the plan. 
Mark Belgya :  Sure, we made a contribution of $30 million in April and that is factored in obviously to the numbers. The $10 million pension expense is incremental in fiscal 2010 so that’s about $0.05 to earnings, but we don’t expect much of a required additional cash contribution in the coming year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. : Congratulations again, looking at your peanut butter you had assumed that it would cost $0.05 to $0.07 in EPS, if you net it out, how much do you think it ended up costing you. 
Steve Oakland : I tell you, our team did a great job. We were able to, we actually spent the money we talked about but we were able to offset some of that expense. We went on with a Trust Jif national television message. We were able to trade out some existing media inventory which helped a lot, so that number dropped a little less then half of what we initially had given you.  We actually spent the money but we were able to offset a little more then half of it, let’s say. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. :  Okay, and then when you look at marketing spend which was down for coffee this quarter but as you look into the timing of your marketing expenditures for next year, how would you have us think about it. 
Mark Belgya : Consistent, I’ll talk sort of from a flow and then Vince can talk about maybe the absolute, from a flow perspective it does pretty much align with the sales so as we talked about, 55% to 60% of our sales will fall in the second and third quarter. That’s pretty much the way one would expect to see the marketing expense hit the P&L because its basically a ratio of sales. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. : And then on your cash flows, given that you have that big inventory build in the first half of the year and you also have about $550 million of debt coming due, do you plan to refinance that debt with new debt in the public markets or do you plan to use your bank lines, can you give us some color on that. 
Mark Belgya : Absolutely, while we do have currently $180 million revolver that is untapped, so we do have that. But we are also in the process of looking at additional facility. It likely will be bank finance and it will really pretty much serve as a backstop to our liquidity needs for the near-term. But we think generally that between our cash, the cash we’ll generate during the first six months of operation and the $180, that should get us through pretty much through November. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company: Congratulations on a terrific quarter, I was just wondering if you could comment a little bit on some of your larger categories and just the share trends there, where you’re gaining share, holding share, maybe seeing a little bit of erosion in share. 
Vince Byrd : Obviously with the strong sales that we had in the quarter we saw a significant share gain as I think Mark alluded to earlier, the category grew as well. So obviously we saw share gain over the last four and 12-week period. 
Steve Oakland : And if we look at both peanut butter and fruit spreads, we’ll speak to fruit spreads first, I think the devil is sort of in the details there. You need to look at the volume share and the dollar share. I think in some other calls we’ve talked about, we’ve seen a little shift in our higher value items like Simply Fruit and Sugar Free, that volume has shifted to traditional fruit spreads. And those are both great items for us but we’ve seen the consumer go to the products that are a little lower cost per serving. So that has impacted the dollar numbers but if you look at the tonnage numbers, they’re much better.  So depending on the measure and if you look at a 12 week versus 52 week, you’ll see measures for the fruit spread tonnage is actually up in share even though the dollars are down a little bit and that reflects that shift in purchase patterns.  And peanut butter is still really touch to tell. If you remember we had a competitor out of the market for a year, they’re back and so there’s a lot of noise in peanut butter. You see a lot of the players down because of their reentrance in the category. So probably be able to speak to that better in the next period or two. 
Paul Smucker Wagstaff : I’ll speak to Crisco, the oil and the backing side, starting with Crisco first, obviously before the quarter we were down in some share. Again that was anticipated as I mentioned earlier, we had a fantastic fall bake and its not surprising that for Easter and that time period we were down.  That being said, looking at the Pillsbury side of the business we had significant share gains on the cake as well as the frosting side. So on the baking piece we’re, we did very, very well. 
Mark Smucker : The trends in Canada were similar to the US in that some of the, we did see some of the higher value products, the share would drop but we have seen also that where we may have lost a little bit of share in the past to private label, we’re starting to see a little bit of that come back to us.  
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company: I don’t think inventory destock has been a significant issue for you in the past, but as you kind of consider your inventory levels at retail at present, and could you comment on that. Do you feel like the levels are pretty solid now and that sell in should be tracking sell through pretty closely. 
Mark Belgya : You are correct that (a) we do track it for those that we have visibility to and we have typically commented that that’s not a material impact one way or another. There was only one minor exception where a retailer chose to get some inventories back to maybe historical levels that had gotten a little light. But overall I don’t think that that was the major impact across any of our US retail businesses. 
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company: With respect to Folgers, was the shift in marketing spending, was that a surprise to you and could you give us a little more color on what happened there and what to expect. It sounds like some of its going to shift from Q4 into the first portion of 2010.
Mark Belgya : Yes sure, it was not a surprise, it was a conscious decision that what we did was we felt that again we want to focus on our core Red Can Folgers business and we actually increased advertising during the fourth quarter by about, I think we shifted between $3 and $4 million to really support that core business.  But given all the other activities that were going on as it relates to integration and organization we chose quite frankly just to put other activities on hold and did not, and made a conscious decision not to spend those funds. So we’re probably as a percent of sales below where we will run historic, or where we will run going in the future. 
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company: Can you comment at all on kind of your plans for fall bake, pricing, costs, new products, the merchandising set, etc. 
Paul Smucker Wagstaff : For fall bake, we’re actually, we feel positioned pretty well right now. We have our costs in line with our commodity purchases and as we’ve talked in the past we try to cover through fall bake at this time period which we are and we’re in very good shape there.  We do have a couple of new items that we’ve launched, one is a frosting item and the other is a brownie item. Both have actually seen very good acceptance with the retail trade and both are shipping as we speak.  So we’re pretty confident about fall bake. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: Hoping you could just for a little bit of housekeeping items here, could you quantify what the delta in marketing spending was behind Folgers versus your expectations three months ago for the quarter and what’s sort of order of magnitude the temporary, the timing difference between green coffee costs and price realized resulted in the quarter. 
Mark Belgya : Without getting into specific dollars, what I would direct you to in our press release, in our reconciliation of gross margin to operating profit, we have a line item in there that’s marketing and selling and if you see there, I believe the number was like 7.7% for the quarter. If you compare that to where we were on a historical basis or where we were sort of through the first three quarters, that delta if you will, is you can kind of dollarize that and that should give you a pretty good sense of that marketing. 
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: Okay, and then clearly one of the broader strategic benefits of the Folgers acquisition was the increased scale that you would have with your broker sales organization as well as the increased relevancy to have with the retailers in the center of the store and the better fixed cost absorption and overhead absorption that you’d have as a company, better operating leverage that you’d get, I know this was an unusual quarter in terms of Smucker and maybe its too early to tell but how are each of those pieces tracking versus your expectations.
Vince Byrd : I would say that they have exceeded our expectations as to where we are. Basically as you recall on the day of the close our sales team took over selling the new coffee business. You may recall that the FCC group that actually appointed Advantage Sales and Marketing as their national broker which we had done about a year earlier, so that transaction was much more seamless then it would have otherwise had been.  I would say that our sales and marketing teams clearly executed beyond our expectation in terms of the Easter timeframe and then of course, that drove efficiencies out to plans. So the team is up and running. We feel very confident where we are and again, as you look from a macro perspective as I commented earlier about synergies, we’re well on our way to achieving those. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research
Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research: Splendid quarter gentlemen, you talked a little bit about trading down in some of the categories, how about where you reduced prices say in coffee, I know oils was a bit of a problem, but coffee and some other categories, what was the consumer response in volume trend. 
Vince Byrd : Well again I’ll speak to coffee, we’re dealing with a category that was basically been flat to declining for about a 12 month period, but during the quarter we actually saw double-digit growth during that period. So whether that was driven by the price declines that had acted over the period of time or whether that was a result of I think probably more importantly the very strong Easter promotional period we had. But so I suppose consumers reacted positively overall to the pricing and promotional activity. 
Paul Smucker Wagstaff : I would just add on in the flour side, we did take a price decline and we’ve actually seen the volume increase due to that so I think we’ve seen nice response from the consumers. 
Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research: How about following the Eagle price decrease. 
Paul Smucker Wagstaff : We’ve just announced that so that has just come out here in May so I think that’s a little early to see. 
Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research: Just interesting thought to see what consumers are responding to, can you speak to volume shifts within your distribution channels among the different types of retailers during the quarter. 
Vince Byrd : From a macro perspective I think its fair to say, I think we like most CPG companies you do see consumers going to alternative channels and seeking some of their shopper items. So I don’t have the specifics of what that shift was during the quarter but in general that is a trend that is consistent. 
Richard Smucker : Some of our value retailers are having great years. 
Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research: Kind of an accounting item, that $9.1 million noncash charge related to the divested Canadian business, was that, how did that flow through, was an expense item but did that, was that like a final adjustment to sales proceeds. 
Mark Belgya : It actually was a noncash item, kind of funny, we expected that, actually talked about that a couple of years ago, but as you might recall when we did that transaction, the individuals that were involved in the transfer of the business, we also transferred the pension liability and once we got approval from the Canadian government, we were able to formally transfer the liability and the assets and with that there’s an accounting charge that’s called a settlement charge, and that’s what you saw come through.  It has always been intended to be part of our restructuring, the amount was in line with what we expected and again, it was a noncash item. 
Chuck Cerankosky – North Coast Research: So you weren’t sending anything back, or anything in escrow. It just—
Mark Belgya : That’s right. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott 
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott : So when I look at the $850 million sort of incremental Folgers sales, that’s a wide range and I was just wondering what the difference is in terms of the spread between what you’re thinking on the low end versus the high end of that $850 range. 
Vince Byrd : I think it’s a combination of trying to predict category growth, trying to predict our share growth, and then of course pricing of green so its, that’s why the wide range. 
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott : So in terms of your every day low pricing strategy, what you hope to shift to later this month, so what’s the downside, I know its revenue neutral but is there any element into that.
Vince Byrd : Well not really but let me just be very clear, we did not shift 100% of those trade funds to every day price but we did shift a fairly significant amount. So what is the implications of that is that we will not be able to deal as low as has been done I’ll say over the past couple of years and then it also depends on what competition does [with this course] as well.  But we believe it provides a very, better every day value to the consumer and gets them not trained to just buy on deal so to speak. 
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott : Does it help your manufacturing, the supply chain end of the business. 
Vince Byrd : Yes, sure, there’ll be some efficiencies from that perspective that you won’t have maybe the peaks and valley’s that you would have otherwise have had. 
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott : In terms of private label, you had mentioned that I saw private label I guess coming back to brands in Canada, could you talk is there any other, any significant shift in sort of consumer buying patterns in the US and any of your core categories. 
Vince Byrd : Well I think we spoke to it earlier by category, and I think in a macro perspective private label has grown but these things tend to go in cycles and in most categories with a couple of exceptions we’re holding our own or actually growing share. I think the one exception is the one Paul referred to earlier. 
Paul Smucker Wagstaff : Right, in the oil business obviously private label has grown significantly over this past year and we have seen a little bit of that slowdown in the recent four week period so, we’re hoping that’s a trend. 
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott : A couple of other sort of housekeeping things, in terms of depreciation and amortization, could you break down what those two items are. 
Mark Belgya : Yes, I’d say depreciation is about $100 to $110 and amortization including the restricted stock compensation expense would be the remainder. 
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott : In terms of the goodwill amortization adjustment, you mentioned I think $33 million of incremental amortization in fiscal 2010, is that the right number. 
Mark Belgya : That’s correct. 
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott : I thought the incremental amortization’s total would have been around $40 million, is that, not just for the year but incremental, you don’t want to roll on a full run rate basis. 
Mark Belgya : Originally it was going to be when we talked in February it was about $44 million, the total was going to be around $73 to $74 million, that total now is $66. 
Mitchell Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott : And in terms of the guidance, overall sales guidance, if you exclude Folgers, if you said this I apologize but what was the pricing expectations be for the core base Smucker. 
Mark Belgya : The pricing was primarily just in the oils and baking. 
Paul Smucker Wagstaff : Right, from an oils and baking perspective, we did take the price down in January on wheats, oil, and we are really covered pricing wise through fall bake. So we would look at obviously how the commodities do until that time period and make an adjustment after fall bake if needed. 
Steve Oakland : And on fruits spreads and peanut butter, there doesn’t appear to be anything material. There’ll probably be something on raspberries when the new crop is out but given the size of the rest of the business, it will not be material. 
Mark Belgya : I think its probably net, net its about a 2% to 3% impact for the total company. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer 
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer : Good quarter, I know we talked a lot about the $80 million in synergies, but we can look past that maybe on the top line, what you anticipate from some of the selling synergies or some of the top line synergies, I don’t know if you can quantify that or at least give us some time of qualitative description. 
Vince Byrd : I don’t think really we can, I think it’s the effect of again the dedicated sales team, a national broker, all of those things, leveraging our brands as it relates to key promotional periods, etc. But I don’t think that we’re in a position to say, well that’s going to contribute X amount of incremental sales as opposed to just our long-term position and guidance. 
Mark Belgya : To that, to Vince’s point, we’re holding pretty much to the $80 million, but I think as you work through the numbers and you see the strength of the overall operating margin of the company, in my opinion that’s really what speaks to the synergies of the combined businesses. We’ve elevated our operating margin significantly from pre-Folgers numbers and I think we’d rather just look at it that way. 
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer : And then the next question would be, with the increase in guidance and the increase in free cash flow how should we think about the free cash flow as far as your distributions back to shareholders, it seems like you’ve always pegged your dividend payouts, your earnings, it looks like now you’re trying to steer us towards more of a cash earnings numbers, which I think is the right thing to do, I was wandering what you were thinking as far as the dividend to attach to that. I know you have maturities coming up, but after that. 
Richard Smucker : Our payout ratio is about 40% and with these levels of earnings we’re probably going to be able to raise our dividend rates as we go forward with a nice increase but we usually do that in April every year and we just had a little over 9% increase this past April. So we’ll be looking at that again next year with our Board and we feel pretty strongly about our ability to return some of that to shareholders. And also as you know we have a historically have had a good steady program of repurchasing shares and obviously with the reverse [inaudible] trust transaction we still have about another 18 months to wait before we can really get into that program again. But that 18 months passes pretty quickly. 
Ian Zaffino - Oppenheimer : And then as far as any acquisitions you’re looking at, are you more in digestion mode right now, are you looking at tuck-ins or some enabling technology acquisitions. 
Richard Smucker : We’re always looking for acquisitions and I doubt if you’re going to see a transformational one in the short-term period like this last one but there, we have our lines in the water as we always say and you just never know when those are going to hit but most of those would be bolt-ons or you might call them tuck-ins, but we have nothing to announce at this time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets 
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets : Let me add my congratulations as well, so its kind of a high class issue to have but there is a part of me that thinks that a food company shouldn’t really have like $0.40 earning surprises in really in either direction and I’m guess I’m trying to get my head around the level of visibility that you have for 2010 and just how you think about potential for variances to those targets and could you maybe kind of walk us through the forecasting process that you went through after seeing such a large, such a big positive surprise in the fourth quarter and also maybe help reconcile, you had this like 8% long-term annual earnings growth guidance and the guidance for 2010 implies flat to down earnings and I know that there are some components of the fourth quarter that were not sustainable necessarily but could you just maybe help us walk through that.  
Mark Belgya : I guess I would say as we look into 2010 a key takeaway for you folks on the phone is that with the exception of green coffee, all the systems reside now on Smucker’s Oracle system. And historically if you go back and look over the last three years or so, we have been able to deliver earnings relatively close to the street expectations.  So although this was certainly a surprise quarter I don’t think that would be our traditional delivery. Having said that, we went through the process for the coming year following our normal budgeting and forecasting using Smucker systems, so we’re quite confident that our visibility to all aspects, all lines on the P&L will be much clearer then they were in the last six months.  You’ve got to remember we were operating under a hybrid of Smucker, Folgers, and Procter & Gamble systems and although we felt very comfortable about the accuracy of the numbers at the end, we did not have the same level of visibility that we’ll have going forward.  So we have a much higher level as its around the 2010 plan. 
Richard Smucker : I’ll just add to that, if you just think about back in February, January, when you look at the end of the third quarter for us, we were in unprecedented economic times, no one has ever seen certainly in our lifetime what’s gone on and we also made the largest acquisition in the history of our company and so we took a cautious look at that and said, no one really knew where the economy was going.  We had a big acquisition and a number of moving parts. Obviously the acquisition is fully pretty much integrated and we felt comfortable about that. And we have a clearer view of where the economy is going at least for our industry.  And we know that people are eating at home more and going to comfort foods and we’re seeing those trends continue so we’re in a much more comfort level looking forward then we were four months ago. 
Tim Smucker : Let me just add that also I think as we said, we think this does vindicate that the team really understanding and delivering on the strategy and however as Richard said, in this economy we wanted to really be cautious. But the team really delivered and we have a tremendous faith in that team.
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets : Just one follow-up, so that 8% long-term annual earnings growth target, would it be fair to say that if I were to back out some earnings from the fourth quarter to get to a base that would put your new guidance as an 8% earnings growth number, is that kind of how I should think about it. 
Mark Belgya : I would say that’s correct, I mean I mentioned a couple of expenses, or Richard did, that are pension, amortization, but I think that is a correct way to look at our growth.
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets : And then lastly the special markets division was pretty well ahead of what we were looking for, I know that there’s about $100 million of Folgers in that number, relative to your expectations was that, the part of that business that excludes Folgers, was that surprising to the upside too or did that all come Folgers. 
Mark Smucker : Actually, thanks for the question, really the special markets area if you exclude all acquisitions, so you know you’ve got, in there you have Folgers, Knott’s, Europe’s Best, and even some Carnation, and if you back all of that out and just look at our core businesses, all of the businesses were healthy. Most of the businesses were up especially if you look in local currency, those businesses were up.  And I will say that although we had been expecting a difficult time in our foodservice division as folks eat out less and more at home, we were very pleased to see that our numbers there came in basically flat and we were expecting much worse then that.  So I would say across the board we were pleased with our base business in special markets. 
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets : Just on the timing of advertising spending, I think you mentioned on your last quarter call that you had planned to spend like a $15 million number for additional Folgers advertising in the fourth quarter, is that essentially what got shifted into 2010 or I mixing apples and oranges there.
Vince Byrd : I think you may be mixing apples and oranges. I’m not sure what the $15 million comment was referring to. But as I mentioned earlier, we clearly increased advertising in the fourth quarter from what was originally by about $3 to $4 million. 
Mark Belgya : Just as a quick follow-up I think on that, some of the $15 million wasn’t necessarily an increase in the spending in the marketing or advertising was the shift under Smucker ownership, and so part of the commentary around what we chose not to spend was probably imbedded in that budgeted number. 
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : I have a few questions, I guess longer-term and maybe kind of related to some of the recent questions, I know that with the goodwill amortization kind of running through for the next whatever 15 to 20 years, is there, did you give consideration to new financial goals to reflect that, so to the extent that you were talking about an 8% earnings growth, is that also kind of related to either a cash earnings or an EBITDA growth rate. 
Mark Belgya : I think that the 8% growth rate still applies. We came out and we thought the best measure to factor in the amortization was the number that Richard gave and that was simply adding back the Folgers amortization of $0.40 to our range. We considered a number including a free cash flow per share. For a host of reasons, some, we were just going to have a difficulty in communicating because of some rules, we felt that that was still the best metric. We think that answered the question in terms of people looking for something that excluded the amortization so and again Richard and Tim please comment, but I think any growth expectation of 85 would apply either to our normal range or to our sort of adjusted EPS range. 
Richard Smucker : I think once you’ve reset, which we’ve reset at the end of this year, the growth rate applies to that new number. So now, you’re right that our cash flow per share is usually much better then that but I think that if the financial world or investment world looks at a multiple of EBITDA which I think they are looking more at that, we have a very strong EBITDA. 
Mark Belgya : Interestingly enough I think when you run the numbers and look at a free cash flow per share you’re going to get a number that’s probably going to fall pretty much in that $4.00 plus range as well.  
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : And then just, I know that we’ve kind of talked about this in the past in terms of mark-to-market, kind of hedges and swings and you didn’t mention anything in the quarter about that and I’m just kind of wondering, (1) how the mark-to-market stuff ended the year as a whole and then how it effected the fourth quarter. 
Mark Belgya : Well the reason we didn’t comment on it for the quarter was not, it was an immaterial amount and obviously nothing compared to what we saw in the second quarter. And for the year, we were somewhat unfavorable but most of that was driven and talked about in the second quarter. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : And then last question, in terms of your kind of hedges, I know a lot of your businesses now especially with the coffee more of a pass through business and so I assume people are going to start focusing more on volume as opposed to dollar sales given the pass through, but can you just talk a little bit more about hedges and kind of where you are on let’s say some of the more I’d say non pass through businesses. Are you hedged out for six months, a year or on a percentage basis and how are you feeling about that given where the markets are today. 
Steve Oakland : Maybe, one of the large ones would obviously be peanuts and its obviously not exchange traded. We are the largest peanut buyer in the world and so our volume is very important to the major [shellers] across the US and our contracts tend to be longer in that market just because of the fact that we need to be able to manage both our quality, our supply, and then their overhead base.  So we’re quite long typically in those contracts. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : And on let’s say, are there any other, do you consider everything else to kind of be more of a pass through whether it’s the Eagle stuff or obviously coffee is kind of probably just hedging out two months or so at a time. 
Paul Smucker Wagstaff : For example on Eagle, we do, we look at purchase contracts on that milk. I think you don’t go out as far on milk as you would on a wheat or on an oil so for Eagle, we’re looking out several months but we wouldn’t go much beyond that.  We’d like to in certain cases, but right now with milk being very low, close to historic lows, very hard to get the farmers to agree to that. But on wheat and on soybean, we are contracted through fall bake which is what we typically try to do. 
Mark Belgya : And then clearly the only major one left would be fruit and of course we’re going through the fruit season now through really late fall and we typically have contractual agreements with growers and that’s priced as the season progresses. 
Steve Oakland : You only buy those once, the crop comes in so those typically are bought on an annual basis just because its an annual crop. 
Richard Smucker : And they’re pretty stable at this point. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Prober – Clovis
Michael Prober – Clovis: Could you give me the growth rate for the Dunkin’ business please. 
Vince Byrd : Very large, it depends on compared to what, what period. I think we mentioned it now exceeds $200 million in sales, $250 million in retail sales. I think its running just under 30% for the year to date if I’m not mistaken. 
Michael Prober – Clovis: So year to date, that’s calendar year to date versus calendar year to date last year. 
Vince Byrd : I think that’s quarter. 
Michael Prober – Clovis: For this quarter versus last year, this quarter was up 30%. 
Vince Byrd : That’s correct.
Michael Prober – Clovis: And in your discussion of why margins were better in Folgers, you discussed one of the five things was mix, is that just Dunkin’ or is there other things going on there. 
Vince Byrd : Its primarily Dunkin’ although there are some other higher margin items that contribute to that. 
Michael Prober – Clovis: And is this the first time in how long, I don’t know the answer, that Folgers actually gained share in a period. 
Vince Byrd : I don’t know that I know that answer. I’m sure there have been four-week periods when they have gained share. If you look historically it has been some time, but I have to say I don’t know that off the top of my head. 
Michael Prober – Clovis: And do you think its anything specific that the Smucker’s team in the trade did to gain share. 
Vince Byrd : I think its fair to say that our team should be able to take some credit for the execution elements that we referred to earlier. Conscious decisions about advertising, some key merchandising activities, the execution by both our sales and our partner Advantage, I think credit does go to that group. 
Richard Smucker : It’s a lot of good, I call it good blocking and tackling and dotting i’s and crossing the t’s. Its right in the trenches and we have a great team both from a broker network and our own sales team. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karen Lamark – Federated Investors 
Karen Lamark – Federated Investors : Going back to your assumptions on sales for fiscal 2010, you talked about price declines in oil and baking but on coffee, how much visibility do you have and then sort of related to that, how much of the Folgers superior margins are sort of structural and therefore sustainable as opposed to the benefit of leveraging the product to cross your infrastructure and your platform. 
Mark Belgya : I’ll start with second parts first, I think the best way to look at that is if you look at where coffee has delivered in the six months roughly that we’ve owned the business, that sits around a 28% segment profit, that probably is something to assume on a go forward basis so the delta between 36% and 28% would give you some sense of the difference.  
Vince Byrd : And then as it relates to pricing, there’s tremendous visibility. As I mentioned earlier, depending on where the green coffee is sitting at any one point in time, when it reaches certain metrics up or down we move. And so when you compare that to last year effectively there were three price decreases taken, two of those by the previous owner, and then of course one by ourselves.  The only exception to that is we took Columbian coffee up during the fourth quarter as a result of the situation in Columbia and we took that up 19% to cover costs. So its managed on a daily basis. 
Karen Lamark – Federated Investors : And your competitors manage primarily the same way.
Vince Byrd : Yes, I think its fair to say that the main competitor follows typically within a very short period of time of, as we lead in pricing. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Bill Leach – Unspecified Company
Bill Leach – Unspecified Company: I just wanted to ask you about your guidance, the mid point of your guidance for the new year is $3.73 which is $0.04 lower then you’re operating EPS last year, is that due to the fact that you’re expecting this quarter to be a very difficult comparison a year from now. 
Mark Belgya : We’ll certainly if you look at things, I mean to repeat this quarter next fourth quarter would be difficult. I think we’ve given direction on kind of how we see earnings and sales flowing through the four quarters next year. But to repeat the $1.02 this year would be unlikely. 
Richard Smucker : Also the cash flow is better. The $405 to $420 that we— 
Mark Belgya : I think the other thing as you’re going through and modeling, I think the key thing to keep in mind is my earlier comment on operating margin, Richard’s comment on free cash flow, just dramatically above pre-Folgers levels. 
Bill Leach – Unspecified Company: And to follow-up on the previous question, you were implying that normalized coffee margins would be something like 28% on a full year basis. 
Mark Belgya : That would be the normalized segment profit, that’s right. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Tim Smucker : Again, thank you for your interest today and again I want to thank the team and really underscore the importance of going forward in this market. Clearly we’re excited about this acquisition that took place and we think that the results this year really underscore that it was right for our strategy and the team is implementing the strategy correctly.  So thanks a lot and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-02-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Belgya - Chief Financial Officer Tim Smucker - Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO Richard Smucker - Executive Chairman and Co-CEO Vince Byrd – President Coffee Business Steve Oakland - President Consumer Business Paul Smucker Wagstaff - President Oils and Baking Mark Smucker - President of Special Markets
Analysts: Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc. Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Capital Markets Jon Andersen - William Blair Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott John McMillan – Lord Abbett Michael Keating – Breeden Tom Maher – Lord Abbett Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome ladies and gentlemen to The J.M. Smucker Company Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Belgya.
Mark Belgya: Welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. I am the company’s Chief Financial Officer, thank you for joining us this morning. Also on the call from the company this morning are Tim Smucker, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO; Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman and Co-CEO; Vince Byrd, President of our Coffee Business; Steve Oakland, President Consumer Business area; Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President Oils and Baking; and Mark Smucker, President of Special Markets who is joining us remotely. After this brief introduction I will turn the call over to Richard for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter and Tim will provide closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments we will be available to answer your questions. If you’ve not seen our press release it is available on our website at Smuckers.com. Please note that we have enhanced the financial tables included in our release and hope you find the information helpful. A replay of this call is available on the website. If you have any follow up questions or comments after today’s call please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, Director of Investor Relations. I would like to remind you that certain statements in this presentation and during the question and answer period that follows may relate to future events and expectations and as such, constitute forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Legislation Reform Act of 1995. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement concerning such forward looking statements in the press release.  I also want to point out that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release and on our website. With that I’ll turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Smucker: Since we closed the Folgers merger on November 6th many of our quarter over quarter explanations will reflect the coffee business. We understand the addition of Folgers makes comparisons to last year more difficult but it emphasizes the impact the coffee business will be bringing in terms of scale, margin improvements, and cash flow. With that let me begin by summarizing the key highlights for the quarter. First, we achieved record sales for the quarter; in fact, it marked our first billion dollar sales quarter in our history. While Folgers contributed significantly to the quarter’s top line increase sales in our base business were also up. If you exclude all acquisitions and the impact of foreign exchange sales on our base business increased 6%. Second, we saw significant margin expansion particularly at the gross margin level due to the addition of Folgers and improvement in many core categories. Additionally, both operating and EBITDA margins increased significantly over last year’s third quarter. Third, non-GAAP net income more than doubled from $45 million to $100 million. Non-GAAP earnings per share were up 11% as the increase in income was partially offset by additional shares outstanding related to the Folgers transaction. Fourth, these earnings translated into record cash flow from operations. Fifth, we completed a successful fall bake in both the US and Canada contributing to strong quarter over quarter gains in profitability. Finally, the Folgers integration is progressing as planned. We appreciate the commitment of all of our employees both in combining Folgers and maintaining their focus on our core businesses. Let me now provide some commentary around our businesses. In the Consumer area the Smucker’s, Jif and Hungry Jack brands realized sales increases over the prior year. Much of the increase was due to pricing although Hungry Jack once again realized volume gains in pancake mixes, syrups and instant potatoes. Our fruit spreads and peanut butter volumes were down 3% on a combined basis.  As most of you know, the peanut butter category has been under pressure since early January. IRI data for the period ending January 25th indicated the category volume declined 22%. To date, our brands have experienced a lesser decline. From the onset we aggressively communicated to our consumers that none of our products were involved in the recall and they could feel comfortable about Jif and Smucker peanut butter products. We ran ads in USA Today and 100 major newspapers and aired national TV commercials reassuring consumers that Jif is the brand to trust. We believe these messages are starting to reach the consumers but it will take some time for the category to return to a more normal pattern. Turning to Oils and Baking, this business area had its largest quarter ever in both sales and operating margin with Crisco, Pillsbury and Eagle Brand Milk all up. Strong merchandising programs coupled with investments in marketing and new products contributed to a successful fall bake period. In particular the canned milk business, acquired in 2008, realized strong profit gains as a result of a better matching pricing in milk costs along with production efficiencies. In addition, we continue to see gains in Pillsbury where the business has benefited from improved execution of our fall bake programs and greater involvement from our retailers. Due to our performance during fall bake we anticipate a competitive reaction for the Easter bake period, primarily in oils, consistent with our strategy to profitably manage the category. We will provide marketing and promotional support where appropriate during the Easter season but not take short term actions that would impact our long term profitability. In the Special market segment sales increased 17% with the addition of Folgers, Europe’s Best and Knott’s Berry Farm contributing to most of the gain. These increases more then offset the impact of unfavorable exchange rates, volume declines in beverage and the traditional portion control foodservice business. In summary, we delivered a strong and record quarter. We are particularly pleased with our margin improvement and the conversion of earnings to cash. With some relief in commodity market prices and pricing in line with our costs our sales gains resulted in more profitable growth then we were able to realize last year as costs were rapidly rising. Folgers contributed significantly to the quarter not only with sales but improved margins and increased cash flows. We anticipate many more opportunities going forward. I’d now like to turn the call back to Mark to have him review the financial results in more detail.
Mark Belgya: Sales for the quarter increased $517 million or 78%. Folgers contributed $469 million with Europe’s Best and Knott’s Berry Farm adding another $23 million. The weaker Canadian dollar reduced sales by $16 million. Excluding these items sales were up 6% for the quarter broken down as follows; pricing accounted for approximately 13% more then offsetting a reduction in volume and mix of 7%. Much of the volume decline was in the Oil and Flours categories and was anticipated due to significant price increases taken since the prior year. GAAP earnings per share were $0.68 this quarter and $0.75 in the third quarter of last year including restructuring and merger integration costs. Merger and integration costs were $33 million or $0.20 per share this quarter and primarily consisted of employee related costs and transitional services expenses related to the Folgers transaction. Excluding all restructuring and merger charges in both years, earnings per share were $0.88 this quarter and $0.79 in last years quarter, an increase of 11%. Gross profit increased $206 million in the quarter and gross margin improved from 29.4% last year to 33.9% this quarter. The addition of the higher margin Folgers sales drove much of the dollar increase. Gross profit on the base Smucker business improved 17% or 260 basis points as pricing actions taken over the last 12 months helped offset higher costs primarily soybean oil, peanuts, wheat and fruit.  Compared to last year we are better positioned in terms of matching price with commodity costs and margins have once again started to improve, allowing us to recover margin loss over the past couple of years. Last quarter rapid declines in the cost of soybean oil and wheat caused the recognition of mark to market charges of approximately $24 million on non-qualifying commodity hedges. We expected a portion of these hedge losses to reverse going forward not as a mark to market reversal of the charge but rather as lower cost of goods sold.  We estimate that the majority of the mark to market amount was recorded in the quarter as reduction of cost of goods. Most of the remainder will flow through cost of goods sold next quarter and the rest be returned to the consumer through price decreased taken in January on oil and flour. SG&A expenses increased approximately $90 million reflecting the addition of Folgers, a decrease as a percent of net sales from 18.2% to 17.9%. Marketing expenses more than doubled in the quarter with the addition of Folgers. Smucker’s base business also increased its marketing at a higher rate then sales growth mostly in support of Crisco Olive Oil which had advertising on air during November through January timeframe. As we noted in our release, amortization expense increased significantly during the quarter, reflecting the preliminary valuation of the intangible assets associated with the Folgers transaction. The additional amortization reflected the purchase price to finite live intangible assets and some adjustment to amortize live. The purchase price allocation work in still in process and as a result future expense may vary from the amounts recorded. We plan to have the allocation completed by the end of our fiscal year.  Based on preliminary values we recorded $19 million in amortization related to Folgers in the quarter, $11 million higher then previous estimates. Assuming the same amount if recorded in the fourth quarter we expect $22 million or $0.17 per share of additional expense for the year. This adjustment does not impact our previous EBITDA or free cash flow estimates as amortization of course is a non-cash charge. We estimate depreciation and amortization to range between $125 and $135 million for fiscal 2009 up from original estimates of $100 to $115 million. Operating income increased almost $96 million for the quarter excluding charges and increased as a percent of sales from 10.9% to 14.3% even including the additional amortization expense. This margin would have been 170 basis points higher or 16% excluding amortization. Let me now comment on segment results where we have added a third segment to report the US Retail Coffee business. Away from home coffee results are included in the Foodservice business area for the quarter. Canada results which were not material to the quarter were included in US Retail. We expect to report Canada results within the Special Market segment in future periods. Sales in our US Retail segment were up 9% in the third quarter. In the Consumer area sales were up 9% with increases across almost all brands. In the Oils and Baking business area sales also increased 9% compared to last year primarily due to price increases and volume gains in baking mixes, frosting and canned milk. US Retail segment profit increased 39% in the quarter with much of the improving coming from the Oils and Baking area. The segment margin improved from 15.8% in last years third quarter to 20.1% this year. This marks the highest segment profit for US Retail in the last seven quarters. The US Retail Coffee segment represents the domestic sales of Folgers, Millstone, and Dunkin’ Donuts branded coffee to retail customers and contributed $443 million to net sales and $90 million to segment profit for the third quarter of 2009. Sales on a pro-forma basis increased 4% for the quarter as growth in Dunkin’ Donuts contributed to net sales and margin growth. Total sales in the Special Market segment increased 17% due mostly to the impact of acquisitions. Profits in the Special Market segment increased 7% for the quarter. Starting with Canada net sales in US dollars were flat with last year as the addition of Europe’s Best, acquired in March 2008 and pricing offset unfavorable foreign exchange impact. Canada also realized gains in Smucker’s and Robin Hood brands. In the Foodservice area the addition of Folgers and Knott’s Berry Farm contributed most of the growth. These were partially offset by negative trends in away from home dining. Finally, sales were also down in our beverage business as the premium natural beverage products in our portfolio particularly hard hit in the current economic environment. Looking at other key EPS components interest expense was up $11 million reflecting an increase in the borrowings of $750 million associated with the Folgers transaction. Our effective income tax rate was 31.8% consistent with last year. Weighted average shares outstanding for the quarter increased from 56.8 million to 114.6 million as the result of the Folgers transaction. This brought the year to date weighted average outstanding shares to 74.7 million. There are two other financial measures on which I’d like to briefly comment. First is cash from operations. Due to the addition of the Folgers business the conclusion of the fall bake cycle and the strong earnings from our base Smucker business, cash provided from operations achieved a record $280 million for the quarter, nearly doubling last years amount. As a result of the strong cash flow generated this quarter we now have $360 million of cash and equivalents on hand at the end of January.  Second, as part of our original Folgers investor presentations we estimated a first full year pro-forma EBITDA of $820 million or 17.3% margin. This EBITDA estimate was based on the combination of Smucker and Folgers stand alone businesses and full recognition of synergies. In this definition EBITDA excluded merger related costs and added back share based compensation expense as amortization. We are pleased that for the third quarter EBITDA as defined above, was $215 million or 18.2% of net sales compared to $92.2 million or 13.9% in last years third quarter. Both measures for the quarter are tracking ahead of the levels included as first year pro-forma targets and give a comfort in our original estimate. A reconciliation of GAAP earnings to EBITDA is included in our press release. Before turning the call over to Tim I would like to provide an update to synergies. You’ll recall at the time of the Folgers announcement we targeted synergies of approximately $80 million. These synergies represented our estimate of costs that could be eliminated by combining the Folgers business into Smucker compared to Folgers operating as a stand alone company. The majority of these costs were in the SG&A area. We remain on track to achieve the $80 million and lower run model cost compared to the stand alone model once fully integrated. To date, we estimate we’ve eliminated $50 million in full year costs on a non-GAAP basis partly through cost reduction and primarily through cost avoidance. We expect to achieve all synergies by the end of fiscal 2010. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Smucker: The addition of Folgers this quarter has once again dramatically changed how the Smucker Company looks not only in terms of sales and profits but more importantly in terms of growth opportunities for all of our brands. We look forward to updating you on our progress in future quarters. As Richard noted, our base business, particularly Oils and Baking had a very good quarter.  During last weeks CAGNY conference we summarized our key accomplishments related to the Folgers integration and commented that integration is progressing as planned. We have combined two organizations with the majority of the previous Folgers management team joining the Smucker team, providing continuity, depth and knowledge. We want to thank all of the employees who have helped us to get to this point. We also want to recognize those involved with our biggest integration accomplishment to date which occurred at the beginning of February. We successfully completed customer facing, the first of three primary integration milestones. We combined the coffee inventories into our distribution centers and now Folgers products can be ordered, shipped and invoiced with other Smucker brands.  We also transitioned Folgers trade fund management to our best in class Siebel system. In short, we transitioned from P&G systems on to our Oracle platform for the majority of customer related systems and processes. This is accomplished in less than three months after closing the deal, demonstrating our ability to implement one of our three core competencies. Further, it allows us to exit portions of the transition services agreement. The remaining two integration milestones relate to transition of the coffee plant systems to our Oracle platform expected to occur this May and the transition of the supply chain activities related to sourcing of green coffee expected to occur in the fall. Let me now provide an update to our outlook. First, as Mark noted, we are still on track to deliver our original pro-forma EBITDA numbers for the first full year of integration to Folgers. The update relates mostly to items we would expect to affect the fourth quarter but with minimal impact on next fiscal year. We estimate sales for the year will range between $3.6 and $3.7 billion, this reflects the impact of anticipate competitive activity in Oils, pressures on our peanut butter business and price decreases. We have also adjusted our income for diluted share before restructuring and merger and integration costs to be in a range of $3.15 to $3.30 primarily due to the following items. First, as Mark mentioned, we have updated amortization expense based on the preliminary evaluation of Folgers assets and expect additional non-cash amortization expense of $0.17 per share. Second, we expect an impact in the range of $0.05 to $0.07 per share related to peanut butter. The peanut butter impact applies not only to retail branded peanut butter but also Smucker’s Uncrustables and our portion control products. Our estimates include additional promotion and advertising support for the brands through this period. Third, we are impacted by a higher percent of Folgers marketing occurring during the period of Smucker ownership then previously forecast. We anticipate the incremental impact to be in a range of about $15 million. Based on this range of estimated earnings per share we project adjusted EBITDA for the year of approximately $600 million or 16.4% of sales. This compares to last years full year adjusted EBITDA of $371 million, 14.7% of sales. Before closing I would also like to take the opportunity to address the importance of brand trust. Quality, as you know, is one of our five basic beliefs of our company and our commitment to quality is the reason that our consumers have confidence in all of our products. They know that each jar of our peanut butter will be both safe and delicious. We are confident our stringent quality assurance practices ensure the safety of our products. We recognize that as the category leader we have a special responsibility to aggressively reassure consumers about our category and our products. As noted, we continue to communicate directly to our consumer with this message and they continue to trust in our commitment to quality and safety. In summary, we are pleased to have closed our first quarter with the Folgers business and look forward to completing the integration and taking advantage of the many opportunities that are available ahead of us. Second, we delivered solid sales and earnings in the quarter with a strong fall bake. Finally, in the face of the difficult economic environment we believe that our brands and categories are well positioned. More then ever we believe number one brands provide a strategic advantage and with the addition of Folgers, approximately 75% of our projected sales will come from number one brands. We understand the level on uncertainty that exists in the market today and we remain cautiously optimistic in our view of the near term. We remain very positive of our long term prospects. We thank you for your time today and now are happy to answer any of your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Did I hear you correctly that you have about $3.00 of cash on the books per share?
Mark Belgya: Yes, we have $360 million, that’s correct.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Is the fiscal fourth quarter is that normally a positive cash flow quarter or a use of cash?
Mark Belgya: It’s usually a net positive; it’s not a large one, one way or the other. We’ll start procuring fruit and starting building inventories in the first quarter of next fiscal.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: You signaled based on the adjusted EBITDA numbers being greater then target. Is the cash that you’re generating that you’ve actually put on the books above your plan?
Mark Belgya: Yes it is. As Richard said, the EBITDA is definitely targeting now, granted the quarter is a large quarter, it is ahead of plan. We expected, I think I made mentioned last week at CAGNY with the completion of the fall bake then the absolute cash flow from Folgers. It is above.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: In terms of the assumptions for the fiscal fourth quarter, are you already seeing more aggressive competition in edible oils and that’s what’s leading you to assume that Easter was going to be a tough market or is this just pure anticipation and you haven’t really seen that much of a change in the market to date.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: We have seen competitive response already for the fourth quarter in the oils area and it is pretty aggressive.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Is any of the sales change forecast a function of coffee pricing and the pass through? The last two moves you’ve made in coffee have been down.
Vince Byrd: Yes, we commented last week there have been two price declines taken. One right before we closed the deal and then we took one about 10 days after we closed. Those would be in the 6% to 8% range. Neither one of those would have been anticipated when we put out the original number.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: The additional $0.08 of advertising and promotional spending behind Folgers, at CAGNY you kind of indicated that competition was acting pretty rationally within the category; especially since you took ownership I guess Kraft was pretty aggressive before the close of the deal. Have you seen something recently that’s become tougher or is this part of the long term plan to reinvest in the business.
Vince Byrd: You nailed it. Its more about the long term, it’s not about competitive activity going on currently.
Operator: Your next question comes from Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: Can you detail the amortization change and give us a little more detail on what was the cause of that and why the numbers vary from your original expectations?
Mark Belgya: First of all, as I said, it is a preliminary value; we will finalize that at the end of the fiscal. To turn the clock back, when we put out our preliminary financials around Folgers we had approximately $1.1 billion in intangible assets outside of goodwill and made certain assumptions about amortizable life and also if they would require amortization. As we have gotten into the valuation during this quarter, and literally this was hot off the press right at the end of the quarter, we got into more details.  Basically what we found was there are certain identifiable intangible assets that are being established that do require amortization and in some instances is actually a little bit shorter life then we originally anticipated. It really is a function of there’s just more amortizable intangible assets then we had originally estimated and a little bit of adjustment on the shorter life.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: When you’re looking at your $200 million or so decline in guidance of sales could you break that out a little bit in terms of how much is due to the decline in commodities and therefore you’re giving back pricing, how much would be the peanut butter hit and then how much would be the additional promotional activity that you’re seeing.
Mark Belgya: To step through from our original estimate $3.8 to $4.0 billion kind of a little bit to the question that Eric asked. As we add the first round of coffee and some other minor changes we worked our way down from the high end that $3.8 to $4.0 billion and moved down lower. As we got to this quarter then with Paul’s comment on the oils, with the additional coffee and then with the oils and flour price declines that we took in January that’s kind of where we crossed over that threshold from $3.8 million into our current. I don’t have the breakdown, I would say probably the majority of it is price declines across oils, flour and coffee, and anticipate oils that we’ll see likely in the fourth quarter.
Tim Smucker: Oils and flour dropped 13% so that affected four months of our last part of the year.
Mark Belgya: Two other things, exchange rate they backed off about $30 to $40 million of sales because of the weaker Canadian. The last item, of course which is news, some anticipated loss on peanut butter. It’s a combination of those four our five items that moved the target down.
Farha Aslam – Stephens Inc.: As you’re seeing the economy and consumer develop at CAGNY you were fairly confident about your ability to maintain pricing in the face of declines in commodity costs. The recent activity you’ve seen in the oils category for Easter, are you seeing it in any of your other businesses and are you concerned about the level of promotional activity at the grocery store.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: No, that’s typical for this time of the year to see those types of pricing challenges that our competitors have out there. We’re pretty comfortable and I don’t think we’re seeing that pressure in other parts of the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Capital Markets
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Capital Markets: On the amortization are there any offsets going on here as these amortization charges go up, if you’re finding assets in one category does it pull them out of another category that maybe say depreciation goes down?
Mark Belgya: On the fixed asset side the fair value adjustments were pretty much in line with our expectations. Basically what you’re seeing is where we are adding these assets that require amortization for all intents and purposes coming out of goodwill which of course is not amortizable.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Capital Markets: Just the allocation?
Mark Belgya: Yes, but the fair value of the fixed assets, the preliminary valuation is pretty much in line with our original estimates.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Capital Markets: As the depreciable lives decrease does this mean in a year or two we might see a fall off in these amounts and these charges?
Mark Belgya: No, when I said that we had assumed pretty lengthy lives consistent with our policy of around 20 years. The adjustments we’re talking about are 10 years so not a one or two year impact.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Capital Markets: Its non-cash.
Mark Belgya: That’s correct.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Capital Markets: With the nice cash build that we see at the end of the quarter any interest in paying down debt faster?
Mark Belgya: We have $650 million coming due and obviously in this environment to have cash on hand is a good thing. Our first pay down of that will be in June. We’re currently looking at our options but we have $650 million on the table this year to consider for pay down.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Capital Markets: Where is private label having the biggest impact across your products?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: I’d say the biggest area is in the base oil business, they picked up significant ground on a volume percentage basis. That is where we are seeing the biggest impact. That being said, our Crisco brand is still doing fairly well.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Capital Markets: How about a category like peanut butter where we’ve had these recalls, is Jif gaining share?
Steve Oakland: Our Jif business is holding up within the category pretty well. Our declines are significantly less then the category and we’ve put a number of both consumer and trade events in for the next two months. We feel like this is an opportunity, we can take some share, we’re really proud of the Jif business and there’s some customers that we can reach that we haven’t reached before.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: You haven’t really commented on the inflation outlook, maybe you could talk a little bit about what you think fiscal ’09 comes in at then maybe if you are willing to give a view on fiscal 2010.
Mark Belgya: In terms of this fiscal our costs are going to track a little bit better then we originally thought. Last quarter we were at $140 million for the year, we’re going to probably be just a little bit better then that. That reflects the lower costs. We talked about last quarter we expected particularly in our oils and baking we saw that come through this quarter, we expect that to continue. The markets below the $0.30 per pound range right now so we think that will stick for a while, that’s going to benefit us. In terms of other cost projects I don’t think we’re seeing anything really significantly moving up or down.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Oil has affected resin which has been a little bit in our favor to help offset some costs. Coffee is in pretty good shape as we stand here today.
Tim Smucker: The more important thing is that we’re not chasing it with price any more. We’ve got our pricing in place and so if we have to work it any direction it’s not significant.
Richard Smucker: We have good credibility with our customers in terms of when we take a price increase its truly justified and when we have reason to take price declines those are justifiable. Next year with commodity costs down pricing will be pretty stable.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Maybe you’ve answered this question in some of the categories already but could you run through some of the other businesses and say whether you are gaining share both in dollar and volume terms or losing share.
Steve Oakland: If we look at fruit spreads and peanut butter it’s very difficult right now to look at peanut butter. There’s so much noise from a year ago. If you remember, our competitor came back a year ago in the first quarter and there was all kinds of noise there and they’re down significantly this year. Private label is up a little bit. We are up as well, not quite as much as private label but it’s really in the last month or so. If you look at the trends on the quarter our shares are stable. Peanut butter, I hate to comment on because there’s just too much noise. Fruit spreads, we are up in dollars, we’re off a little bit in touch and that’s consistent with all the brands in the category. A little bit of mix change, some of our traditional fruit spreads are very strong. That’s encouraging in this economy.
Richard Smucker: A general comment is where our brands are number one in the category we’re definitely doing better then our competitors especially our branded competitors. Where we have number three brands or so that’s a little more challenge. As we pointed out, most of our brands are number one in the category.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: The Pillsbury cake mix and frosting are both growing up in volume and in dollar share so we’re seeing some real nice gains there.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Is there any adjustment that we should make for the tax rate or your ability to pay down debt is pretty quick so is there any more leverage that we might assume on interest expense, capital expenditures is there any change there in terms of the outlook?
Mark Belgya: On CapEx I would go with our original assumptions, I don’t really see any significant change on that. In terms of tax, we might see just an ever slight increase; we’re 32.8% probably around 33% but nothing material there. From a pay down in debt and interest assumption I don’t think I would suggest any kind of change now. I don’t see any pay down of any sort occurring until next fiscal. Of course we’ll provide a little more color on that at our next call. Probably all the previous assumptions are still fair.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Andersen - William Blair
Jon Andersen - William Blair: I was wondering if you could comment at first a little bit on is sell in versus sell through in the quarter and whether you saw those two measures in a relative alignment and whether there were any de-stocking activities that impacted your business in the third quarter and your expectations looking out to the fourth quarter.
Steve Oakland: I can speak to the consumer business, if anything the retailer is cautious so their inventories are tight. If there’s any of that it’s behind us. Obviously everybody’s up in the air on what exactly demand will be. Will there be different mix in the grocery store? Our retailer’s inventories are tight; I don’t think we should expect any future inventory issues on our business.
Richard Smucker: That also reflects our long term focus on our consumer promotions and that we really have developed a relationship and a trust with our brands and with our customers that they’re not buying in what they don’t need and we’re pretty honest with them to not buy in. That’s really been helpful. We’ve had minimal impact on what’s called de-stocking.
Jon Andersen - William Blair: With respect to peanut butter, coming back for a moment, the $0.05 to $0.07 impact, you anticipate that to be fully impacted in the fourth quarter and is there any expectation that this could persist beyond that given your experience.
Mark Belgya: It is for the fourth quarter, that’s our best estimate. The consumer ultimately will make that decision. We do think that our message is starting to reach out. We hope that the right message is out there and over the next three, four months it should settle out. If there is a change we’ll certainly update you on the next call.
Jon Andersen - William Blair: On synergies the $80 million in cost synergies this year were originally identified related to the Folgers transaction. Did I hear you say that you’ve hit a $50 million run rate already on that? I’m trying to get more color around that.
Mark Belgya: Yes, you did hear me. What we mean by that of course we have not incurred $50 million through any financials yet but we’ve identified either cost avoidance or cost reduction a full year amount of $50 million. Let me just give you an example, I think it speaks volumes. If you look at the original run model of Folgers and let’s say that there was a particular area, position that was included in the Folgers run model, some sort of cost that is redundant in our company. We of course never absorb that cost, never will. We’re counting that as a full year synergy.  That’s where the $50 million comes from, it’s primarily SG&A, we’re still working on identifying and implementing some of the cost of goods sold opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: I wanted to make sure I understand the full year guidance. The $3.15 to $3.30 per share range includes $0.27, $0.28 of the non-cash amortization?
Mark Belgya: Yes, that’s right.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: If I add $0.28 the $0.11 in Q3 and $0.17 in Q4 I come up with a guidance range of about $3.43 to $3.58 is that correct?
Mark Belgya: There’s $22 million so on a full year EPS basis that amounts to $0.17 a share. If you go to the high end of our range $3.30 add back it would be $3.47. If I follow your math it’s $3.32 to $3.47.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: That $0.17 includes the third quarter number?
Mark Belgya: Yes.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: Its $0.17 in total?
Mark Belgya: That’s correct.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: On share count is that going to be about 118 million for Q4?
Mark Belgya: That’s correct.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: The mark to market charge, did that $24 million flow through cost of goods sold?
Mark Belgya: Some of it yes, it did flow through, not the entire $24 million. We’re estimating something more then half of that. It comes through as a lower cost on actual physical contract so you’re seeing that COG. Some of that will come through in the fourth quarter but also some of it is funding the price declines that we went effective with last month.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: When I look at the EBITDA margin of 18% how’s that look for the fourth quarter, is there any seasonality to that that would boost it in the third quarter or should we expect that kind of run rate in Q4?
Mark Belgya: That probably is a little seasonally adjusted to be higher. Of course our second and third quarters are our largest because of fall bake and now coffee adds to that. I would think that it would be something less. Just to frame that in, when we looked at our pro-forma we expected margins in the 17% range. That gives you a little sense of how the average might work out.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: On the coffee business if heard you correctly total price declines are in the 6% to 8% is that correct?
Mark Belgya: That’s correct.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: How have volumes in coffee performed relative to the price declines.
Vince Byrd: The category is clearly down a percent or so if you look at the syndicated data. We’re pretty much in line with that. We are benefiting from a mix of higher Dunkin’ Donut sales and lower Millstone and away from home sales.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: How much is away from in the whole Folgers business?
Vince Byrd: It’s relatively small, its less than $100 million or right at $100 million.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: You did a good job explaining the sales differential from your prior guidance. You said the Canadian dollar, the exchange rate effect is $30 to $40 million, that’s for the full year?
Mark Belgya: Yes, most of that was the back half of this year.
Mitch Pinheiro - Janney Montgomery Scott: The majority of this whole decline is in the pricing on oils, flour and coffee, is that correct?
Mark Belgya: That’s correct of the overall decline.
Operator: Your next question comes from John McMillan – Lord Abbett
John McMillan – Lord Abbett: Your stock is down 7% pre-market. People don’t like surprises particularly in your kind of stock. I wonder how this estimate for goodwill could be that far off. I agree it’s much to do about nothing its non-cash but when you did find it out did you contemplate telling people at CAGNY?
Mark Belgya: We found out during our closing process during the quarter. The way it came about is that as I mentioned the valuation work had been done and got into the specifics we’ve identified certain assets that required the amortization it was during our closing process.
John McMillan – Lord Abbett: It must have been a lot of assets that required. Basically this was a lot; it’s twice the size of what people thought or what you thought. Was it twice the amount of assets, can you give us a little more color what caused the big change?
Mark Belgya: Our original intangible assets were about $1.1 billion and that was what was in our planned financials. As we stand today the intangibles that have been identified are about between $1.3 and $1.4 billion. There are two specific assets that have been established around technology and contractual relationship that as we’ve gotten more familiar with the business and gotten to the valuation of these assets realized that our value should be set up as separate assets not included as goodwill or anything like that. Those are the primary assets that are driving the additional amortization.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Capital Markets
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Capital Markets: Could you give us an update on Uncrustables especially if you’re seeing some of the other varieties picking up the slack at the peanut butter sku is getting through that?
Mark Smucker: Uncrustables is doing pretty well; obviously we are expecting some downturn from the peanut butter issue. The good news is that the sales have been pretty solid and the business continues to be profitable.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Capital Markets: Can you give us on sales and volumes in the quarter?
Mark Smucker: In the foodservice area I can speak to that. Volumes were basically flat for the quarter because we did see a few school districts pull out of Uncrustables temporarily in the last month.
Steve Oakland: As far as the retail market is concerned, if you remember the peanut butter media really hit the middle of January. The impact on the third quarter on retail Uncrustables was small. It’s easy though to think that we’ll have a little challenge in retail Uncrustables this next quarter. A lot of the communication that has come out from the FDA, etc. is that national brand retail peanut butters are not affected.  There are some 1,800 items that are affected. Obviously its going to take us a while to get our message out that Uncrustables is clearly not part of that. We do expect probably the first month of the quarter or so to be soft. We don’t expect a long term hit on Uncrustables.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Capital Markets: Are you seeing any channel shift between mass, including super centers, warehouse clubs and traditional super markets as consumers buy your products and adjust to the economy?
Steve Oakland: The value channels are really doing very well across all products and all brands. Whether it be club or dollar or mass they’re all doing very well.
Richard Smucker: In general we’re seeing some shifts in our businesses, some are up. For example, Hungry Jack Pancakes, Hungry Jack Syrup, Hungry Jack Potatoes are all up because those are comfort foods, people eating home more. On our fruit spreads our traditional fruit spreads are solid, in fact, they’re up slightly. Our low sugar and Simply Fruit which cost more per ounce are seeing a decline in volume. Across our line we’re seeing a shift.  Fortunately we have a number of lines that are doing well during this time and others that are more challenged then others. One very positive point is coffee is a very solid category during tough economic times. Obviously that’s a good addition right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Keating – Breeden
Michael Keating – Breeden: I get the $0.05 to $0.07 a share in peanut butter and the higher amortization expense. What I want a little more color on is when you say that there’s a higher percentage of Folgers marketing costs that were incurred during the period that you guys owned it what does that mean that $15 million and is that recurring or is it just the one time.
Vince Byrd: We’re basically spending the marketing that was originally in the pro-forma that were presented to us and what we built into the plan. What we basically have if you think about it, it’s a shift in the marketing the timing of it is when it was incurred before we closed and the amount that will be incurred after we close. The marketing budget basically remains the same for the entire fiscal year but there’s a shift of those dollars from what benefited the previous owner to what we will then incur in the back half.
Mark Belgya: It is, if you will, a current year only impact because next year we’ll obviously have the full year in the budget assuming no major increase in budget will remain relatively constant.
Michael Keating – Breeden: We shouldn’t include this in the run rate; you guys are looking at as more of a one time.
Mark Belgya: Yes, this is just basically a flip between the two ownership periods.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Maher – Lord Abbett
Tom Maher – Lord Abbett: On the amortization question can you give us a sense in fiscal 2010 what we should be expecting on a quarterly basis?
Mark Belgya: It would be the same that we’re seeing now so it was $19 million. The only thing I would caution is that next year of course we’ll have our weighted average shares outstanding for the year will reflect 12 months of the outstanding amount. The EPS impact actually will be a little less the dollar amount would be about $19 million a quarter. Again, to reiterate, we’re still working through that and we’ll have any update at our fourth quarter call.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : Last quarter you mentioned that there could be a significant impact from the write up of acquired inventories as required under GAAP purchase accounting. You said that you’d identify the amount if it was material although you said that it would be included in your ongoing numbers not in merger related costs. I’m just wondering could you update us, was there a material impact there, how much was it, and was that included in the merger related costs or is that something separate.
Mark Belgya: We did incur that as part of our opening balance sheet. We did take a $12 million adjustment to cost of goods sold that ran through our normal cost of goods sold not through merger integration costs. That was all because of the write up in inventory to fair value. It pretty much came in at amount and timing exacting as we thought.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : Was that in the pro-forma numbers that you had put out in terms of pro-forma EBITDA and was that in your EPS guidance or is that something that’s separate from that.
Mark Belgya: There was an estimate of course that was the guidance that was put out last June was obviously well in advance of our view. There was some estimate of that.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : You haven’t adjusted your fiscal 2010 guidance yet. Clearly the incremental amortization will be recurring in fiscal 2010, depending on the timing as consumers get back to the market in terms of peanut butter maybe you could see a month or so of carry over. Are there any other moving pieces since the last call that, of course there are a lot of moving pieces, are there any pieces that in aggregate that were missing that would cause you to change your fiscal 2010 outlook beyond.
Mark Belgya: The one that comes to mind, it’s real easy to think of downside, I would only put in the frame that this is an additional item that we know from an expense standpoint. We’ll clearly give more direction on our next call. As we spoke at CAGNY, you probably heard from other food companies, pension expense is due to the market performance over the past 12 months is going to be up assuming no significant turn around between now and April 30th. That’s the one item; we’re really not in a position yet to quantify that. That would be only additional item for consideration. I put that in the context that that is just one known down item.
Richard Smucker: If you just saw the quarter we ended it was a fabulous quarter all of our businesses are solid. Some brands are up a little bit more, some product lines are down a little bit more. We’re well positioned. We see no fundamental changes. Our cash flow projections are all right in line. We’re actually ahead of the cash flow projections that we had with the Folgers acquisition on a 12 month run basis. Although we’re not giving guidance for next year at this time, we see no fundamental change to our business that would change our outlook, things are solid.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : Clearly as a couple people alluded to earlier the amortization is a non-cash item and should be something we’re looking through anyways. Lastly, in terms of being at a $50 million run rate versus your $80 million total estimate in terms of synergies do you see possible upside to that, the $80 million?
Mark Belgya: At this point we still feel really comfortable with the $80 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: It looks like some of the companies in the industry have been proactive about taking the cash, putting it into the pension assets and therefore reducing the possible swing of expense. Do you have the ability to do that or are you over funded so that it wouldn’t be tax effective to put the cash in?
Mark Belgya: We will look at that, as a matter of fact, that’s one of the things that we are looking at right now. I will say that that would not have a material effect because going into the year we were fully funded. Albeit we’re short on assets to liabilities but funding up really doesn’t give you quite the P&L effect that maybe other companies would in our case.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: There was a previous question regarding the spending on Folgers. I know that you’re long term oriented but is it incorrect to assume that the out performance this quarter given that amortization expense was unexpected by everybody so the core business was actually better. Is it wrong to think that you’re taking roughly $0.10 of higher amortization expense this quarter and plowing that back into the Folgers business in terms of higher advertising and promotional spending in the fourth quarter?
Mark Belgya: We haven’t been able to make changes that quickly. The answer is no.
Operator: I will now turn the conference call back to you to conclude.
Richard Smucker: Thank you very much for all the interest in the call. We feel we are very optimistic about the results we had, the cash is better then we thought which is tremendous. Going forward clearly the fact that we have 75% of our business in number one brands and the basic beliefs of this company are what stand us well in this kind of economy. Thank you very much for your interest and your support. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2008-11-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Belgya - Chief Financial Officer Tim Smucker - Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO Richard Smucker - Executive Chairman and Co-CEO Vince Byrd - President of our Coffee Business Steve Oakland - President Consumer Business Mark Smucker - President of Special Markets Paul Smucker Wagstaff - President Oils and Baking
Analysts: Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Farha Aslam – Stephens Jon Andersen - William Blair Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch  Michael Prober – Clovis
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome ladies and gentlemen to The J.M. Smucker Company Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Belgya.
Mark Belgya: Welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. I am the company’s Chief Financial Officer, thank you for joining us this morning. Also on the call from the company this morning are Tim Smucker, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO, Richard Smucker, Executive Chairman and Co-CEO, Vince Byrd, President of our Coffee Business, Steve Oakland, President Consumer Business area, Mark Smucker, President of Special Markets and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, President Oils and Baking. After this brief introduction I will turn the call over to Tim for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter and Richard will provide closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments we will be available to answer your questions. If you’ve not seen our press release it is available on our website at Smuckers.com. A replay of this call is available on the website in downloadable MP3 format. If you have any follow up questions or comments after today’s call please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, Director of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations. I would like to remind you that certain statements in this presentation and during the question and answer period that follows may relate to future events and expectations and as such, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Legislation Reform Act of 1995. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement concerning such forward-looking statements in the press release.  I also want to point out that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release. With that I’ll turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Smucker: Before I discuss the quarter I’d like to take this opportunity to welcome the Folgers employees who joined us after the successful closing of the transaction earlier this month. I would also like to welcome our new shareholders who are joining us on this quarterly conference call for the first time. We thank you for your investment in Smucker. The Folgers and Millstone brands along with the Dunkin’ Donuts brand in retail have joined our widely recognized portfolio that includes Smucker’s, Jif, Crisco, Pillsbury, Eagle Brand, Hungry Jack, Robin Hood, and Bick’s. As the leading retail package coffee brand in the US Folgers is an excellent fit with our strategy to own and market number one food brands in North America. With the addition of Folgers we hold the number one position in nine categories in which we compete and we expect 75% of our sales will come from these number one brands. At Smucker our purpose is to help families share memorable meals and moments and we focus on our consumer with the theme, ‘Meals together, memories forever’. Folgers has a long tradition of being part of memorable meals, a perfect compliment to breakfast or dessert, two areas we know a lot about. There are many opportunities for leveraging our brands as our categories share similar core consumers. We look forward to many multi-branding events and are enthusiastic about the business and the opportunities ahead. Now let me summarize the key thoughts and highlights for the quarter. First, we delivered solid financial results, the quarters 19% sales growth was broad based as every business area was up double digit over last year. While pricing contributed much of the increase nearly all categories and brands experienced volume gains and non-GAAP earnings per share were up 12% led by increases in operating income and fewer shares outstanding. Second, we completed a successful back to school period. Finally, our performance in fall bake has been strong. Our portfolio of brands are considered by many families to be essential in their pantry and thus we are well positioned to meet the needs of those consumers looking to do more for their families by enjoying meals together at home. Recent data indicate that the number of meals prepared and consumed at home is trending upward in this challenging environment and is currently at levels not seen since the mid 90’s. Let me briefly comment on the performance of our brands during the quarter. In the consumer area the Smucker’s, Jif and Hungry Jack brands all contributed to sales growth. Virtually all categories in consumer experienced volume gains. Peanut butter volume rebounded from last quarter and was equal to last year despite ongoing competitive activity. During the recent back to school period we were once again fully promoting Jif and offering cross promotions with Smucker’s. As a result we are seeing the benefits in Jif’s performance along with strong growth in fruit spreads. Hungry Jack potatoes and pancake mixes both experienced double digit increases over the last year providing further evidence of peoples desire to enjoy comfort foods at home. In oils and baking, Crisco, Pillsbury, and Eagle Brand milk were all up for the quarter. In addition to the price increases taken during the last year the Crisco brand in both oils and shortening and Pillsbury brand also experienced volume growth. As we entered this years fall bake we felt our multi-brand marketing event was positioned to be the best in the four years we have been participating. Earlier this month our holiday coupon insert was delivered to millions of homes across the US in advance of the upcoming holiday baking season. Strong merchandising programs coupled with investments in marketing and new products provided a great start to the fall bake and should carry us through the remainder of the season. Once again, our special market segment contributed significantly to top line growth. The majority of the increase came in Canada where the Carnation and Europe’s Best acquisitions and pricing more than offset the negative impact of foreign exchange rates. While we did feel the impact of the economy on the traditional portion control business, pricing, and the addition of Knott’s Berry Farm helped deliver overall dollar growth in our food service business. Our beverage business also exhibited healthy top line growth. In summary, we delivered a strong quarter, continuing the success we experienced in the first quarter, with some relief in the commodity markets and a solid fall bake program we are optimistic about the prospects for the remainder of the fiscal year. Of course we look forward to opportunities Folgers provides going forward. I would now like to turn the call back to Mark to have him review the financial results.
Mark Belgya: Our 19% sales growth during the quarter is broken down as follows: pricing accounted for approximately 12%, acquisitions contributed $36 million or 5%, volume and mix contributed 3%, and foreign currency was a -1%. We expect a negative impact on Canadian sales of approximately $35 million over the back half of the fiscal year. Our exposure to other currencies is immaterial. It should be noted that we have now lapped the Carnation acquisition in Canada. The earnings per share were $0.94 this quarter and $0.87 in the second quarter last year including restructuring and merger and integration costs. Excluding these charges in both years’ earnings per share were $1.02 this quarter and $0.91 in last year’s quarter an increase of 12%.  Gross profit increased $25 million in the quarter. Pricing actions taken over the last year helped offset higher costs primarily soybean oil, peanuts, wheat, and fruit. Compared to last year we’re better positioned in terms of matching price with commodity costs. Acquisitions, particularly in Canada, and operating efficiencies as certain manufacturing facilities resulting from favorable spending and volume contributed to the increase in gross profit. As you are aware, key commodities, notably soybean oil and wheat realized sharp declines during the quarter. This decline in costs during the quarter impacted our hedging activity and caused the recognition of mark to market charges of approximately $24 million of non-qualifying commodity hedges. These charges reduced gross profit as a result gross margins declined from 30.9% to 28.9%. The trend of SG&A declining as a percent of sales continued this quarter decreasing from 18.6% to 17.9%. This helped to mitigate the gross margin impact. We have now seen our SG&A decrease from 20.8% in the third quarter of fiscal 2007 to 17.9% this quarter. In line with our brand building efforts, marketing spend increased 26% compared to last year with most of the increase supporting our national roll out of Crisco Olive Oil. We launched the first ever TV advertising for Olive Oil in early November. We expect marketing on our base Smucker business to increase at levels above sales growth for the remainder of the year. Distribution costs were also up for the quarter but in line with the overall sales growth. Corporate overhead expenses increased only 2% over last year as discretionary activities in spending were significantly reduced from planned levels due to our focus on the Folgers transaction and integration. Finally, selling expenses although up increased at levels less than one half of the sales increase. Looking forward, while SG&A costs will increase with the addition of Folgers we expect SG&A as a percent of sales to continue to decline. Including the mark to market impact operating income increased almost $6 million for the quarter excluding charges but declined as a percent of sales from 12.3% to 11%.  Turning to segment results, sales in our US retail segment were up 19% in the second quarter. Both in consumer and oils and baking areas realized significant quarter over quarter increases. While pricing led, volume was up 3% in tonnage and 5% in cases shipped for the quarter. In the consumer area sales were up 16% with every category up in dollars. In the oils and baking business area sales increased 21% compared to last year due to price increases taken over the course of fiscal 2008 and volume gains in most categories including Crisco Oils and Shortening. US retail segment profit margin was 15.6% this quarter compared to 18.4% last quarter as segment profit increased 1% in the quarter. The mark to market adjustment primarily impacted this segment partially offsetting the contribution from sales growth. Excluding the mark to market adjustment segment margin would have been on par with last year. In the special market segment sales increased 21%. Canada contributed nearly two thirds of the increase primarily due to the impact of the acquired Carnation and Europe’s Best businesses and pricing which more than offset the negative impact of unfavorable exchange rates. Food service sales were up 12% led by pricing and the addition of the Knott’s Berry Farm business. Sales in our beverage business were up 14% and finally sales in international were up 22% led by export sales in Latin America. Profits in the special market segment increased 27% for the quarter primarily due to the impact of recent acquisitions. Segment profit margin increased from 12% to 12.7%.  Looking at other key EPS components, interest income decreased approximately $1.9 million reflecting last year’s use of cash to finance acquisitions and fund company stock repurchase programs. As a result of the repurchases made in fiscal 2008 the weighted average outstanding shares for the quarter decreased from 57.5 million to 54.8 million. The tax rate for the quarter was 33.4% compared to 33.9% and in line with our expectations. During the quarter we issued $400 million in senior notes a portion of which was used to fund a special dividend paid on October 31st. There was little impact on interest expense for the quarter since the financing closed on October 23rd. Let me know speak to our outlook for the remainder of the year. In terms of our base Smucker business momentum remained strong and we expect the year to be better than we originally anticipated with higher sales and margin. We expect total cost increase approximately $140 million for the year down slightly from previous guidance. For categories such as soybean oil and wheat despite cost decline from their high they are still up over last year’s level. In addition, costs for certain raw materials include peanuts, red raspberries, sweeteners and packaging such as glass and steel cans are all up over last year. Although it is difficult to forecast movement in the commodity market certain commodity costs have declined and we currently expect to realize the benefit of these lower commodity costs over the next several quarters.  At the same time we would expect to address pricing in certain categories during the last four months of the year reflecting a decline in costs. As an example yesterday we announced a significant price decline in flour and Crisco Oil and Shortening. As mentioned earlier the weakening Canadian dollar is expected to negatively impact sales and margins in Canada over the second half of the year. Finally we expect marketing spending to be up in the second half of the year over last year and particularly in the fourth quarter and primarily in support of Crisco Olive Oil. Turning to our Folgers business we have seen no surprises and we remain enthusiastic about our opportunities. I’d want to point out a few key items; the transaction closed somewhat later than planned in our original forecast. The increase in our overall debt related to the Folgers transaction was $750 million, $100 million more than originally anticipated. In addition, the interest rate on this debt is slightly higher than our original forecast. As a result, we expect interest expense specific to this debt of approximately $21 million for the second half of our fiscal year. Purchase accounting will also result in higher cost of sales during the third quarter as Folgers inventories are adjusted to fair value. Taking into account all of these factors related to the combined Smucker and Folgers businesses we confirm our original outlook. We expect fiscal 2009 sales of approximately $3.8 to $4 billion and earnings per share of approximately $3.45 to $3.50 excluding restructuring and merger and integration costs. I’d also like to update several other items for your calculation purposes. The effective tax rate for the full year is expected to be slightly above our current rate of 33.4%. There are now approximately 118 million shares outstanding; this is the approximate share count that will be used for calculating third and fourth quarter earnings per share. I would recommend a weighted average number of approximately 85.5 million shares for EPS calculations for the fiscal year to compute our full year guidance. As a result of changes in number of shares during the year earnings per share for the third and fourth quarter will not add to the full year’s EPS. Capital expenditures fiscal 2009 including Folgers requirements are expected to range between $115 and $120 million. We are estimating depreciation and amortization to range between $100 and $115 million for fiscal 2009 although final amounts will not be known until the allocation of the purchase prices is completed toward the end of the fiscal year. Finally, dividends paid during the remainder of the year are expected to reflect a current $0.32 per share. We typically review our dividend rate in the spring.  I would now like to turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Smucker: As Tim mentioned we had a strong second quarter with solid sales and earnings growth. Fall bake is also strong with good momentum going into the second half of the year. Now that we have closed the Folgers transaction we are enthusiastic about our opportunities. Not only do we have the number one retail package coffee brand with Folgers but Dunkin’ Donuts has been a big winner in the gourmet coffee category with sales in excess of $150 million for the first full year. Last quarter we talked about our key milestones and priorities and I would like to provide an update on these. First, consistent with our basic belief of people we have made all the employee related matters our first priority. Prior to the close we identified the organization that would be in place on day one. As a result, the teams have hit the ground running. The majority of the previous Folgers organization has joined the Smucker Company including green coffee, procurement and supply chain, R&D, operations, finance, and information systems. Second, on day one of the merger we were selling products and going to market as one company through our sales team which includes Advantage Sales and Marketing, our national sales agent. This was a major accomplishment and one that will greatly benefit the integration process. Third, our primary objective is a seamless integration with our customers and consumers. Our integration teams have been working to accomplish this role. We expect Folgers products to be ordered, shipped, and invoiced alongside other Smucker products during the first quarter of 2009. Fourth, we have been meeting with our top 25 customers to share our vision for the broader portfolio of brands and to better understand their unique needs and expectations from the coffee category. Fifth, achieving the $80 million synergy level over the next 18 months is a key objective and we will be tracking success against the synergy target. Finally, we will continue to take advantage of opportunities to leverage the equity of the Folgers brand. In summary, we are pleased to have closed the Folgers transaction and welcome the Folgers brand and employees into the Smucker Company. Second, the integration process is off to a great start with the full support and focus of the organization. Finally, we delivered solid sales and earnings in the quarter with the strong back to school and fall bake program. In closing it seems appropriate to comment on the current economic crisis and its potential impact on our company. As evident by the numbers that we have just posted and the outlook that we shared we strongly believe that we are weathering the storm very well. This is not just the result of consumers tending to focus on the home and the value of preparing their own meals. Continuing to perform in these difficult times is dependent on our long held belief of focusing on the needs of the consumer and providing them with quality products that offer a real value. It is also the result of taking measured risk and at the same time maintaining a very strong balance sheet. These are fundamentals that have and will continue to allow us to achieve long-term performance for our shareholders. We truly believe that the best is yet to come. We thank you for your time today and now we’ll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I’ve talked to a few investors already this morning and I was wondering if you could just kind of walk through the mark to market charge, what that means for the P&L going forward and how we should think about that for those who may be investing in the food industry for the first time given everything that’s going on in the world.
Mark Belgya: Certainly it was a large number and let me walk through and I’ll go into some things assuming that you know a little bit around the accounting treatment. The biggest point is we’ve talked to all our investors is that Smuckers uses a hedging philosophy to basically align costs with our pricing. That’s the underlying point.  In terms to what happened this quarter, as we entered into the quarter we saw a decline primarily in soybean oil and wheat in terms of the costs, a pretty significant decline and based on that and our positions we were required to write down to fair value the impact of that decline in those two specific commodities. The accounting rules require us to take that as a period charge in the second quarter, that’s different than what we would have done at certain times with other hedges where it’s matched in the future. What will happen is that we took this negative charge as a hedging charge this period but would expect that to reverse going forward. That will reverse, however, not as a gain from hedging but rather from the lower costs as we take physical delivery and use of those inventories. It will still affect cost of goods sold but you will not see us turn around with a favorable $24 million gain for example. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Over a given period of time the loss this quarter will reverse itself even though it won’t be as evident as a period item it will just be flowing through cost of goods is that we should take away?
Mark Belgya: That is correct.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: On another subject you talked about the movement from out of home to in home those of us who are focused on the food industry are kind of aware of that but a lot of the questions I get also are the growth in private label in terms of at home consumption. Maybe you could discuss across some of your categories the tailwind you saw from out of home to in home versus maybe share losses from in home branded to him home private label.
Tim Smucker: Private label is growing, we’ve seen that. That’s one of the reasons we have our strategy of owning number one brands still perform very well in the market. Most of the gain from private label growth has come from the three and four brand. As you saw in the numbers, that our actual volume growth is up for the three months.
Steve Oakland: There are a couple key things. As you know we’re in the jam business, peanut butter business, we’re in pancake mix and mashed potatoes, all core comfort foods. The categories are up substantially, the pancake mix category is up 27% in the last four-week period. You’ve got categories like peanut butter up 10%. When you’ve got core categories where we have these kinds of positions growing that much there’s room for a little private label growth this period and there’s room frankly for us to grow.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: In terms of the outlook and your giving back on price it sounds like those are in some of the product lines that traditionally are more of a cost plus business, is that a fair description of your decision to lower pricing on oils and I think Folgers recently did the same thing in coffee.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: We did in fast yesterday just announce a price decline in our oil business, shortening business and flour. That’s more from a transparent perspective. That is going in effect in January.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Does transparent mean cost plus, I don’t know what that means?
Paul Wagstaff: Not exactly, its basically trying to match up our costs that we are having that we get with the rough raw ingredient.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Did you say actually what the dollar amount of cost headwind was in this quarter?
Mark Belgya: No, our overall cost outlook for the full year we had originally said $150 million, we’ve lowered that down a little bit to $140 million, but that’s for the full year.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Can you give me a number as to how much you got hit in this quarter?
Mark Belgya: What I would say is that we have taken probably about two thirds of the total during the first half of the year. We don’t specifically break it down by quarters but roughly two thirds of that $140 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Farha Aslam – Stephens
Farha Aslam – Stephens: Can you share with us your thoughts on Folgers volume pricing and sales going into the next six months of your fiscal ’09?
Vince Byrd: As you know we’ve only owned the business for two weeks. I’ll address the pricing situation first and I was going to pick up on Eric’s comment. As I think you know historically P&G has been basically conditioned to trade that if the green coffee commodity reaches certain thresholds that basically will trigger an automatic price increase or decrease to the marketplace.  As Eric pointed out there was in fact a price decline taken about two or three weeks right before we closed the transaction. Where the coffee sits today they have not hit an additional threshold but it may be trending in that same way and we’re obviously tracking that on a day-to-day basis. Secondly, as it relates to volume and projections, at this point we do not know really anything different than what the information used in Form 10 and that’s what we’re sticking to at this particular point. I will say there has been maybe a little bit of a shift. I think it’s fair to say that the Dunkin’ Donuts brand has probably exceeded expectations but that’s been offset by some of the Millstone and even some of the red can core volume.
Farha Aslam – Stephens: Could you share with us the price declines effective in January how much they are for oils, wheat, and Folgers?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: On oils we’re going down 13.6%, shortening 6.9%, and flour is 17.5%.
Farha Aslam – Stephens: Now that I understand that you’re in about the first two weeks of really key fall bake but could you share with us your retail volumes in oils and flour for the period?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: For the second quarter is that what you’re talking about?
Farha Aslam – Stephens: No, not the second quarter, kind of into the third quarter because we’re just right now starting fall bake how are your shipments looking and volume take away going into Thanksgiving?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: They’re very solid. We can’t give you specific numbers but we’re right on track in fact we’re doing better than track.
Mark Belgya: To reiterate something I said in the scripted comments is I think going into the fall bake across the board we were very well positioned a year ago we had just bought Eagle, we obviously had another year of holding that. We’re very well going into it and as a result we’re seeing great performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Andersen - William Blair
Jon Andersen - William Blair: I wanted to come back for a minute to the price reductions that you recently announced. Did I hear your correctly that those are effective in January and then second, was that something that retailers came to you for or how did you arrive at the decision to take those decreases and was it more of a decision that your major retailers coming to you and saying we’re looking at what’s happening in the commodity market and looking for some type of relief at a consumer level?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: To answer your first question, yes, you heard that correctly. They are effective in middle January. We actually look at the market and watch it very closely and we made the decision to take the prices down primarily based on the market conditions. Obviously we do hear from our retailers and listen to what they have to say but we did do this based on market conditions.
Jon Andersen - William Blair: Based on what you’re seeing right now are there other categories or other businesses where there may be similar types of moves, maybe not in magnitude but in terms of timeframes in other businesses?
Vince Byrd: I think coffee is one as I mentioned earlier we’re going to monitor.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: In the consumer businesses we really don’t face the same commodity fluctuations, fruit, glass, sweetener; those things are on longer term contracts or bought annually.
Jon Andersen - William Blair: On hedging obviously with the mark to market in the current quarter related to flour and soybean oil, with Folgers coming over now do you inherit a similar hedging strategy on green coffee beans and is that something the capability came over and the approach would be similar on that piece of the business?
Vince Byrd: The answer is yes. First of all as I think Richard made in his comments we’re very fortunate that we got the entire green coffee buying group as part of the merger. That entire organization is in place. Probably the one difference in terms of the strategy is we tend to be a little shorter positioned on coffee. Again, given the amount of time it takes to react and how the trades been conditioned with pricing movements within the industry.
Jon Andersen - William Blair: It sounds like you’re making nice progress with Crisco Olive Oil. Can you provide a little more color on your level of distribution there or ACV and some of your plans it sounds like you have a new marketing campaign you’re getting ready to launch.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: The olive oil business is going very well right now, it’s on track with where we’re trending, where we want to trend. The ACV I would say is mostly 100% US its not 100% but we’re pretty much every market, a few markets in the Northeast we’re not in at this point.
Richard Smucker: We’re nationwide but we’re about 30%, 35% ACV. So we have some opportunities.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Absolutely, that is correct but we are very pleased with where we’re headed.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest: If we look at Folgers for a bit is there any unfilled private label production capacity you’d like to utilize there since I think you lost some Safeway business a while ago?
Vince Byrd: No. Are you asking would we like to do private label?
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest: Yes, given that Folgers had been in that business?
Vince Byrd: No, I think you know our primary business is brand. Our number one charge is focus on growing the Folgers and the Dunkin’ Donuts and Millstone brands that’s where we’ll focus the efforts.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest: Could you give us some idea as how integration charges related to the Folgers business will track over the next few quarters?
Mark Belgya: I think that you’re going to see it spread over the next 18 months to two years. We’ll see charges here in the third quarter obviously closing the transaction there will be people related charges and as we start relocating things and training the like. Then I think it will be just spread out over the rest of the next four to eight quarters but you will see a little bit of blip here in the third quarter.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest: To put on an index number 100 there’d be a bulge in the third quarter and then over the next maybe eight quarters it would be pretty level?
Mark Belgya: Yes, there will be some spikes as we go along. The way we’re managing the integration is we’re using the term milestone. For example we talked about what we call customer facing that will occur in the first calendar quarter of ’09 that would be a milestone. For example when we convert to Smucker’s systems for our plant and finances later next year that would be a spike. There will be some spikes but I think generally your comment is correct.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest: How about the synergies, will they track in any type of pattern against those?
Mark Belgya: I don’t think there’s a real correlation there. There will be some but I would say that we’ll see it spread out probably a little more into next year than this year.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest: Next year being fiscal ’10?
Mark Belgya: Yes.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest: With the volume decline in industrial oils is that mainly related to food service customers?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: No that was primarily a timing situation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : I wanted to clarify something in terms of the $3.45 to $3.50 guidance for the year. Does that include the charge or the additional expense from the write up of acquired Folgers inventory and what sort of order of magnitude is that? Some companies call that out as a special item do you plan to?
Mark Belgya: The range is probably I’m guessing $10 to $15 million right now. I will say it’s a little bit higher than we thought it would be when we first announced the transaction. As you probably know that is driven by inventory levels and since we acquired the business at the peak of the coffee inventory that number is higher. That will run through our cost of goods sold and our earnings. We probably will at a minimum speak to it and call it out. We’re evaluating the actual treatment of accounting during the quarter.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : Is that in your $3.45 to $3.50 guidance?
Mark Belgya: Yes.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : You could argue that, certainly if it’s in the guidance if you pull it out the number would be above the guidance. Moving on, could you guys speak to the month-to-month trends that you saw as the quarter unfolded if you strip out some of the seasonal factors as the economy and financial markets got worse from August to September and September to October. Did you see a pick up in your business; did you see a slowdown, what were the overall trends there?
Richard Smucker: It is true that I think in the last 60 days or so we’ve seen more cocooning, more people staying at home, more meals prepared at home. There’s no doubt about it that the economy is affecting that trend.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : More people cocooning at home are you talking about purchasing food at the grocery store and eating at home or are you talking about pantry de-loading?
Richard Smucker: We saw some nice trends in October, it’s hard to project. Quite frankly you’ve got retailers cautious with their inventories; you’ve got an awful lot of variables here. We did see in the category numbers I talked to you about earlier our delay is four weeks so October looked pretty solid.
Operator:
 :
Michael Prober – Clovis: How big is the red can business to Folgers?
Vince Byrd: It’s the majority of it to be honest with you. It’s 80% to 90% depending on whether you’re measuring it on volume or dollars.
Michael Prober – Clovis: If you look at the last six months or so you commented that you have seen a slight decline in the red can. Can you talk about what’s happening in the category first between the red can and your competitor and then within private label and talk a little bit about what’s happening there?
Vince Byrd: Obviously those were results tat were provided by Proctor and Gamble previously. Basically you have a category that’s pretty much flat in volume over that time period. There clearly has been some incremental competitive activity by the main competitor during that period. Thirdly, you have a major product innovation that was introduced during that timeframe by Proctor and Gamble on a volume weight conversion and a higher quality consistent offering during that period. I’ll say a lot of noise going on during that timeframe. Again, it’s our charge to invest in this brand in the long term and grow the red can for the future.
Michael Prober – Clovis: You lost share because the competitor was more aggressive you lost share because the new product?
Vince Byrd: I would say its been price competitiveness during that timeframe.
Michael Prober – Clovis: The affect of private label on the category has private label been taking share from the category?
Vince Byrd: It has been growing, yes.
Michael Prober – Clovis: Can you discuss two or three of your plans or even Folgers plans by itself to grow the brand? I know promoting coffee with my biscuits in the morning was clearly you put that in your slide show but can you just be a little bit more specific what you’re going to do to grow the brand?
Vince Byrd: Absolutely, first of all we’re going to continue to leverage the growth of the Dunkin’ brand and that’s being supported with significant amount of consumer support including advertising. We want to continue to leverage that. Secondly, as we’ve talked many times before we are a food company and believe that we’ll be able to bring maybe a greater focus to it than the previous owners.  Thirdly, as evidenced by what Paul has indicated with our multi-brand and merchandising events that we do around the fall bake period we clearly believe that Folgers fits very, very nicely into those same themes whether it be around a breakfast theme or whether it be around an evening dinner, dessert type theme.  Fourthly, I would say it is about leveraging our go to market strategy and our sales and distribution network. I believe Richard commented that literally on day one we’ve hit the ground running. Our sales team including Advantage is selling that product as we speak. We believe that will provide incremental focus to the business as well. Again, we’re very, very excited but we’ve only owned it for two weeks.
Operator: I will now turn the conference call back to you to conclude.
Tim Smucker: Thank you very much and we certainly again thank our new investors and welcome the new Folgers employees to the Smucker team. Thank you very much and have a wonderful Thanksgiving
Operator: (Operator Instructions) This concludes our conference call for today thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-08-14 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark R. Belgya - Chief Financial Officer, VP and Treasurer Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Richard K. Smucker - Co-Chief Executive Officer, President Vincent C. Byrd - Senior VP of Consumer Market Steven T. Oakland - VP and General Manager of Consumer Oils & Baking Mark Smucker - Vice President, International Paul Smucker Wagstaff - Vice President, Food Service and Beverage Market
Analysts: Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company Alex Bisson - FTN Midwest Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company’s first quarter 2009 earnings eonference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference call over to Mark Belgya. 
Mark R. Belgya: I am the company’s Chief Financial Officer, and thank you for joining us this morning. Also on the call from the company are our Co-CEOs Tim Smucker and Richard Smucker, and General Managers; Vince Byrd, Steve Oakland, Mark Smucker, and Paul Smucker Wagstaff. After this brief introduction, I will turn the call over to Richard for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter, and Tim will comment on the status of our recent Folgers announcement and provide closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments, we will be available to answer your questions. If you’ve not seen our press release, it is available on our website at www.smuckers.com. A replay of this call is available on the website in downloadable MP3 format. If you have any followup questions or comments after today’s call, please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, Director of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations. I would like to remind you that certain statements in this presentation and during the question and answer period that follows may relate to future events and expectations and as such constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Legislation Reform Act of 1995. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement concerning such forward-looking statements in the press release.  I also want to point out that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Smucker: I’d like to begin by summarizing the key highlights for the quarter. First, we delivered record results for our first quarter. Quarter’s 18% sales growth was broad-based essentially across all of our brands. While pricing contributed to much of the increase, volume was up in a majority of our categories highlighting the strength of our strategy of focusing on leading brands. Also in line with our strategy, recent acquisitions played a role in this quarter’s successful results and non-GAAP earnings per share were up 14% led by increases in operating income, lower tax rate, and fewer outstanding shares. These results were achieved despite significantly higher costs compared to last year’s first quarter.  Second, we are well positioned for this year’s Back-to-School and Fall Bake periods during our seasonally strong second and third quarters. Our pricing is in line with our cost and we are comfortable with our cost coverage. In addition, we are confident in our ability to manage price gaps and to continue to grow our share of market. And finally, we are progressing with our plans to merge the Folgers coffee business into The Smucker Company in the last quarter of calendar 2008. The addition of Folgers builds on our center of the store focus and provides enhanced scale and financial benefits, and we believe that The Smucker Company provides a great home for the Folgers brand and the Folgers employees. Let me briefly comment on our performance for the quarter. We had good results in our US retail segment with sales up 13%. In the consumer area, The Smucker’s, Jif, and Hungry Jack brands all contributed, and Smucker’s Uncrustables remain strong. Essentially all products experienced value gains with the exception of peanut butter which was anticipated. Last year’s comparison included the impact of the competitors supply interruption leading to a slight decline in tonnage this quarter. This situation has increased the volatility of the category over the last 18 months. Jif’s share of market has increased by 1 full point and volume has increased by 7% over the past 2 years demonstrating the strength of this brand. For some time, we have pulled back on our promotional activities with the increase demand for our products. However, we are now able to fully promote Jif and are looking forward to strong Back-to-School and Fall Bake periods. In oils and baking, Crisco, Pillsbury, and Eagle Brand milk were all up for the quarter. Crisco’s performance during the quarter reflected the significant price increases taken during the last year. Soybean oil cost has moderated over the past few weeks from highest earlier in the year, and Crisco is well positioned for a solid Fall Bake season. We are receiving great acceptance as we expand our distribution of Crisco olive oil. During the third quarter we will be launching our first national television spot featuring this product. In the baking area, mixes, frosting, and Eagle Brand can milk are experienced volume growth in the quarter. In addition, improved pricing and stable cost have improved profitability of the Eagle business as we anticipated. Pricing in the baking category has improved, and we are excited about our many opportunities in the upcoming Fall Bake season as our investments in marketing and new products provide continued growth opportunities. Our special market segments contributed significantly to sales growth. In Canada, the Carnation and Europe's Best acquisitions, and favorable foreign exchange rates added to our sales. Sales in the food service area experienced growth in both the traditional and schools channel while beverage sales were up in both branded and non-branded business. In summary, we delivered a strong quarter and a good start for the year. We are encouraged by the recent cost declines in several commodities and feel we have most of our cost covered through the end of the fiscal year. In addition, we look forward to new opportunities from the Folgers transaction. Folgers has a long tradition of being part of Memorable Meals and is an excellent fit in our family of brands. I would now like to turn the call back to Mark to have him review the financial results.
Mark R. Belgya:  Sales were up 18% for the quarter reflecting price increases taken over the last 12 months. The acquisitions of Carnation, Europe's Best, and Knott's Berry Farm also contribute to approximately $31 million of sales during the quarter. While overall tonnage was down approximately 4%, we were encouraged by gains in nearly all categories despite having passed on several price increases. The decrease in oils which account for the majority of the volume shift was expected as we have taken price increases in excess of 50% in the past 12 to 18 months. And finally, favorable exchange rate contributed to approximately $5 million to sales. GAAP earnings per share were $0.77 this quarter and $0.71 in the first quarter of last year including restructuring and merger and integration cost. Excluding these charges in both years, earnings per share were $0.82 this quarter and $0.72 in last year’s quarter, an increase of 14%. Pricing actions have offset higher commodity costs, primarily soybean oil, peanuts, and wheat contributing to an overall increase of $22 million in gross profit. While price increases contribute to the overall gross profit increase, the incremental dollars do not provide gross margin expansion, and gross margin declined from 33.1% to 31.3%. Other factors impacting gross margin were increased fuel cost, the loss of higher margin peanut butter sales, and unfavorable product mix. As expected, margins improved in the Eagle business compared to last year, partially offsetting these declines. The trend of SG&A declining as a percent of sales continued this quarter, decreasing from 20.8% to 19.9%. This helps to mitigate the gross margin impact. In line with our brand building efforts, marketing cost increased 16% compared to last year with most of the increase in Canada and specific to our oils and baking business in the US. We expect marketing to increase at a greater percent in the future quarters primarily in support of the continued roll out of Crisco olive oil. Corporate overhead expenses increased to only 3% leading to an overall decline in SG&A as a percent of sales. Distribution costs were up for the quarter as we incurred upfront costs associated with opening two new distribution centers in Chicago and West Memphis, Arkansas along with distribution network charges in Canada. Operating income increased almost $5 million for the quarter excluding charges, but declined as a percent of sales from 12.6% to 11.4%. Last year’s quarter included a $1.9 million pre-tax gain on the sale of the industrial ingredient business in Scotland benefiting last year’s operating margin by 30 bases points. Excluding this gain, net operating margin declined by 90 bases points. Now turning to segment results, sales in our US retail segment were up 13% in the first quarter. Sales in the consumer area were up 11% with every category up in dollars. As noted earlier, peanut butter did realize a modest decline in tonnage as competitive activity continued during the quarter. However, price increases taken the beginning of the year more than offset the impact of volume. In the oils and baking business area, sales increased 15% compared to last year due to price increases taken over the course of fiscal 2008 and volume gains in mixes and frostings. In the special market segment, sales increased 34%. Canada contributed over three-quarters of this increase primarily due to the impact of the acquired Carnation and Europe’s Best businesses and favorable exchange rates. Canada also experienced sales growth in condiments, fruit spreads, and baking categories. Food service sales were up 13% led by pricing, the addition of the Knott’s Berry Farm business, and volume growth in the schools channel. We did experience some softness in our traditional portion control business reflecting the current trends in away from home dining. Finally, sales in our beverage business were up 11% primarily due to pricing. Looking at other key EPS components, interest income decreased approximately $2.2 million reflecting last year’s use of cash to finance acquisitions and fund the company’s stock re-purchase program. As a result of the re-purchases, weighted average outstanding shares for the quarter decreased $57.3 million to $54.7 million. Our effective tax rate declined from 36.1% in last year’s first quarter to 33.3% this year primarily due to the negative effect last year of the divestiture in Scotland and the resulting repatriation of foreign earnings. Excluding the Scotland impact, last year’s rate was approximated to 34%. And finally, net cash from operations for the quarter was $55.5 million, up significantly from last year. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim.
Timothy P. Smucker: As Richard mentioned, we had another record first quarter with solid sales and earnings growth. We are off to a good start and we are well positioned for another good year. We’ve introduced several new products recently and have developed plans for strong marketing support on our brands. Our pricing has aligned with our cost and we are encouraged by the recent downturn in the cost of several key commodities. Our momentum is positive; it is too early in the year to make any changes in our expectations. Although we remain on track and still expect our fourth quarter calendar 2008 close for the Folgers transaction, we do not have a specific date to share with you at this time. As we near closing, we will have a better idea of how many months of operations will be included in the combined company and then be in a better position to estimate the level of synergies to be realized in the current fiscal year. As a result, we have not changed our outlook for the year and confirm the guidance we issued in June. We expect fiscal 2009 sales of approximately $3.8 to $4.0 billion and earnings per share of approximately $3.45 to $3.50 excluding one-time cost associated with the transaction. To help monitor progress of the Folgers transaction we thought it would be helpful to outline the key milestones or priorities we are using to guide integration and closing activities. First, our seamless integration with our customers and consumers is the primary objective. Members of the Folgers, P&G, and Smucker teams have been working on establishing the key activities to ensure this is accomplished. Second, addressing all employee related issues is very important to Smucker. Consistent with our people basic belief, we recognize the impact that this transaction has on all affected employees and are working diligently to address all issues and concerns. Third, achieving the $80 million synergy level is a key objective. Over the next several months, teams from Folgers and Smuckers will continue to work on confirming opportunities and then tracking success against the synergy target. We have achieved several key activities since our year-end call in June. First, we received FTC clearance in July on our Hart-Scott-Rodino filing; second, we have filed with the SEC our proxy for The Smucker’s shareholders special meeting as well as The Smucker registration statement and are in our comment period regarding those filings. Third, we held several key integration planning sessions as we work to finalize the transition services that Procter & Gamble will provide following the close of the transaction. Fourth, as we learn more about the coffee business, we have gained further insight into the equity of the Folgers, Dunkin' Donuts, and Millstone brands, and the unique offerings of each of those brands. And finally, we have expanded our knowledge of the coffee supply chain as both Vince and I traveled to Brazil last month to gain a better understanding of the coffee procurement side of the business. As we learn more about the business and get to know the employees better, it reaffirms our belief that Folgers is an excellent fit strategically. As a No. 1 in retail package coffee brand in the US, it is clearly aligned with our strategy to own and market the number one food brands in North America. This powerful additional provides increased size and scale that will benefit all of our businesses, and the transaction is financially compelling as it greatly improves our margin structure and adds significant cash flow, allowing us to continue to execute our strategy. In addition, Smucker’s shareholders who are shareholders as of the record date, which will be prior to the merger will receive a special dividend of $5 per share. Based on our current stock price, the special dividend provides an immediate return of approximately 10% to Smucker shareholders. In closing, the key takeaways are, we continue to implement our strategy and look forward to the addition of the Folgers coffee business, an excellent strategic fit. Second, we delivered record sales and earnings in the quarter. Third, our pricing moves have caught up with our cost increases, and we are beginning fiscal 2009 and beyond with strong top and bottom-line momentum. And finally, we are well positioned for fiscal 2009 and remain optimistic about our opportunities. We want to thank our employees for all their efforts. They continue to focus on growing our core business while integrating the Knott's Berry Farm and Europe’s Best acquisitions, and they are putting in a significant amount of effort related to the Folgers transaction. We would not be able to achieve our success without our talented and dedicated employees. We thank you for your time today and now we’re happy to answer your questions, but before we do that, I just wanted to mention that as Mark mentioned at the beginning, we have all the same senior management people here with us today to answer your questions, but due to the Folgers transaction each of them are transitioning to new roles and responsibilities. We look forward to your questions.
Operator:   (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Congratulations on a great quarter. First, if you could share with us some color about the olive oil initiative that you have; clearly you’ve been studying it for the last couple of years and now are starting to put marketing behind it; what’s the potential of Crisco olive oil and is this is a higher margin product for you and are the sales incremental?   
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: And yeah, we’re actually very excited about the olive oil opportunity. We have been in the business for the last couple of years and we are expending basically nationally and I think as Richard mentioned we’re doing some national TV advertising in the third quarter of this year. The margins of the olive oil business are actually better than our regular Crisco business or base oil business and so we are pleased with that side of the opportunity, and it is incremental business to us.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: What’s your target in terms of sales, if we could use it as a benchmark going forward?
Mark R. Belgya: As we were with Uncrustables, we’re still early on and as you know that’s the largest or the fastest growing segment of that move. At this point we’re probably not going to scale or size out the amount other than that it’s a real opportunity for us. And you are seeing evidence of that is that we have speeded up the rollout.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And what was Uncrustables growth in the quarter.
Mark R. Belgya: It was double digits.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: In the proxy that you guys filed, it looks like you have given fiscal ’09 projections for sales and EBIT. And if you look at the sales number it translates into $3.7 or $3.8 million assuming half a year of Folgers, but your guidance today and in the fiscal fourth quarter was sales of $3.8 to $4 billion. Could you just clarify the difference?
Mark R. Belgya: For that $3.8 to $4 billion, I think, early on we announced that until we get a little bit closer to closing and look a little more at the actual results of both our business and Folgers business, we’re probably going to state to you that, I think that, the lower end of that as you are suggesting probably is the better target at this point.
Operator: We’ll go next to Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: A few questions; can you describe the discussions you are having with the retailers vis-à-vis the significant price increases that you’ve had to put through versus the recent rollover in input cost and how that affects your planning with them?
Steven T. Oakland: I guess I’ve been involved in many of these. The input costs that are softening right now are very volatile and we’re talking about something that’s happening as we speak, literally, you know the last week or so. So, most of our retailers are planned out so far, and they understand that we’ve got pricing commitments and inventory commitments; soybean oil is in a railcar for a month before you produce it. So, they recognize it. They don’t expect pricing changes if the commodity market moves the same day. So, as we look at pricing for Easter, as we look at those next periods; that’s probably when these discussions will happen. So, I think all retailers are set for both Fall Bake and Back-to-School.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: And it sounds like you feel quite confident about the business pre-Folgers and from a demand standpoint, can you clarify what volumes would have been, I guess, excluding the elasticity on the Crisco business?
Mark R. Belgya: In terms of the overall company?
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Yeah.
Mark R. Belgya: We’ve been pretty close to being flat to maybe even marginally up in tonnage.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. The move to the center of the store and how that benefits you; are you in fact seeing that, do you feel that that can continue or is the benefit that consumers may be getting from lower gasoline prices may snap that back the other way and then consumers go back towards eating away from home.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: We were just with our food service group the last two days and we talked to them about what’s happening in the food service industry and there has been a shift and we don’t expect that to, people are changing their habits somewhat, eating out a little bit less, and we don’t expect that to snap back to in a short period of time. These are, we think, more longer-term trends, and we think that boards well for our core business, the center of the store.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then Mark, just one or two specific financial questions; the restructuring charges, where exactly were they in the segment P&L?
Mark R. Belgya: They are split, Eric, about half of the total of the $5 million; well actually a little bit more than half was in Canada, but all these charges are more of merger and integration, and the other half, I guess, actually a little bit heavier would be in special markets because our main charges are with the Europe’s Best in Canada and not very exactly split between food service which also is in special markets and in consumers; so it’s a little bit more heavily skewed in the special market segment.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Just trying to true up a model versus a year ago, was there any restatement in the year ago numbers in terms of SG&A?
Mark R. Belgya: I don’t think there was any restatement in SG&A. The only thing that might have changed, but it wouldn’t affect SG&A, is that we brought up what we used to call miscellaneous income; for example, the gain on sale of the Scotland business, that was below operating margin in previous years, and we brought that up to above operating margin in the fourth quarter of last year. To my knowledge that’s the only thing that would’ve changed.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: So the Scotland piece went up into SG&A rather than being in the miscellaneous other income?
Mark R. Belgya: It actually came in as a separate line on our income statement; so it’s called other operating income, and that shouldn’t be in the SG&A line. It’s actually other operating income/expense net.
Operator: We’ll go next to Jon Andersen with William Blair.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company: I was wondering if you could comment a little bit on the consumer behavior and any impact you are seeing with the price increases that have gone in with respectable spread between branded, your brands and private labels, and whether you are seeing any share shift there with respect to brands versus private label under your major categories?
Steven T. Oakland: Private label across the board is doing okay in these economic times, but as we look at our brands virtually every brand is up. We talked about the peanut butter scenario, but if we look at peanut butter over two years, we’re up significantly. Although private labels are doing well clearly and the value-based retailers are doing well, we’re seeing brands sell, we’re seeing them sell in a little different size mix, we’re seeing them sell in a little different retailer mix, but our products are pretty much core staples and they’re doing pretty well.
Richard K. Smucker: And I might add to that that our strategy is to own the number one brand which we also believe that’s a great strategy to go hand in hand with the private label brand, always having to have a number one brand in the private label and that’s proving to be helping us. Also, private labels lag in the price increases and now most private labels brands have caught up, and so the gap between private label and branded is closer than it was a year ago when this commodity cost first started to really ramp up. So, I think we’re actually in a better position this year than we were last year at this time.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company: Great. I know it’s recent, the downturn in certain commodity markets recently, but are you in a position to benefit from that this year or is that more of a fiscal 2010 benefit, and I guess that depends on your hedge position for the balance of the year, but I was wondering if you could comment a little bit on that?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: I would say that, again, answering that question from a coverage standpoint, we’re in very good shape through Fall Bake and we feel comfortable with our price versus cost relationships. So I think overall we’re pleased with where we are.
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company: Excellent. And I guess the last question, not sure if it is Tim or Richard commenting on, for a better understanding of some of the equity in Folgers and Dunkin’ Donuts and Millstone brands based on some of the work that you’ve done since the last call; just wondering if you can provide a little bit more color on what you’ve learned around the equity there and what that might imply in terms of how you invest and grow that brand over the next several years?
Vincent C. Byrd: Obviously, we’ve been focused on listening and learning and trying to better understand the brands. Tim mentioned that I made a trip to Brazil with a couple of the Folgers employees. The bottomline is, as Richard mentioned, these are very strong number one brands sold in the center of the store, and we believe with our history of being able to take brands and grow them, we basically feel that we can do the same with these. So, we remain very very enthusiastic about the opportunity to manage these long-term.
Operator: We’ll go next to Alex Bisson with FTN Midwest.
Alex Bisson - FTN Midwest: I guess first of all, the merger and restructuring charges; are those complete with respect to Knott’s and Europe’s Best or should we expect more going forward?
Mark R. Belgya: I would say there probably is going to be some trickling during the second quarter, but we’re anticipating a couple of key milestones, if you will, in terms of the production relocation of Knott’s Berry into the Smucker facility during the end of the second quarter, and then also, the consolidation of some of the administrative support that came with Europe’s Best into our corporate headquarters in Markham up in Canada. So, there’ll be some, but I think that at least the majority of those specific to those acquisitions are pretty much inhouse.
Alex Bisson - FTN Midwest: I guess secondly when you look at the special market segment, I guess, it was down a little bit year over year, I guess, some of that was really good quarter last year and some charges this year, but could you maybe just talk a little bit more about what happened there this year.
Mark Smucker: The special market segment actually, if you look at Canada, has been doing very well. In fact most in of our categories, not only dollars, but volume is up as well. The international is very small, so we don’t really talk about that very much, but in the food service area actually the growth has been good, we have seen a little bit of that softness in the industry as it relates to the traditional side as we call it, but in the school side, we are looking for a pretty strong Back-to-School period for the Uncrustables.
Alex Bisson - FTN Midwest: Finally, how much was your marketing spend-up in the quarter?
Mark R. Belgya: It was up 16%.
Alex Bisson - FTN Midwest: As you look at the different types of marketing that you are doing, are you seeing a change in the return on that promotion, say compared to six months ago or a year ago; maybe another way of asking that is are consumers responding differently to your different types of promotions?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: I don’t know that we can tell that this early, but one thing we will say is a year ago we couldn’t promote peanut butter and jelly together for Back-to-School, and Back-to-School this year, which is going on as we speak, literally, we’ve got peanut butter and jelly merchandised together and we know that helps a lot. So, we’re excited about that.
Timothy P. Smucker: I think I would just add to that, we always have been a long-term investor in marketing and continue to be the number one spender in our respective category. So, it’s very difficult to measure from quarter to quarter, but one of the best things is that the brands that we have are really marketed much more closer together and going forward, I think, the message we got in June is that the best way of starting the day waking up is with Folgers in your cup and Smuckers on your toast and the best way of ending the day is with Folgers in your cup and some Pillsbury. So, those are the long-term messages and we will stay with those for long-term. It is very difficult to say from quarter to quarter how those change, but long-term we’re really committed.
Vincent C. Byrd: I would probably add one other comment; as consumers look at different sizes we’re helping with our customers to develop effective promotional strategies given some of the price increases that have been taken in some of the categories. So, we like most companies, continue to work with them closely to maximize those promotional dollars.
Mark R. Belgya: Just one last comment circling back to special markets and marketing or overall corporate marketing as I said was about 16%, but another driver was the investment on marketing side in special markets particularly in Canada which over-indexed the company. So, that was another cause for some of the margin impact.
Operator: We’ll go next to Eric Serotta with Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Clearly a very strong quarter with organic net sales, gross profit dollars, operating profit, and EPS well ahead of what I was looking for and well ahead of what I presume the street was looking for on most of those matrix. You didn’t raise your full-year guidance; I could understand the conservatism given the commodity environment and economic environment we are in as well as the timing of the Folgers deal; I guess, I’m just wondering though were there any factors in the fiscal first quarter in terms of timing of, either timing of sales, pull forward of sales, or timing of costs, or trade promotional activities that led to that better unexpected number in the quarter, that there could be some give-backs going forward?
Timothy P. Smucker: The answer is no, not at all. This has been a solid quarter and I think the fact that it was such a solid quarter this gives us more confidence in the year’s numbers.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: A quick housekeeping item; what are you guys looking at in terms of the tax rate for the full year?
Mark R. Belgya: If you look at the tax rate for the full year, I think we’re looking at 34.5%, but with Folgers; Smucker’s standalone we’re more close to last year’s 33%.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So until Folgers closes something, it will look for something closer to what you did in this quarter?
Mark R. Belgya: That’s correct.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And lastly on the question of commodity coverage; I know you don’t reveal your specific hedge positions for competitive reasons like most companies, but given the significant pullback that we’ve seen in some of your key commodities like soy oil and the like, do you think that there is some respite if this continues that some of your hedges could be effectively out of the money or in that drag or are you comfortable that even if we see continued correction in some of these commodities that your hedge positions will still be favorable relative to the markets?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: We’re in pretty good shape. We do chew hedges, so we cover them, put some calls; so if it goes up or down too much we want to make sure that we’re getting the cost that we committed to our retailers. So we don’t really try to make gains or take losses. We’re pretty solid. I think the confidence this gives us is that when we thought we might be having to go back to the retailers after the first of the calendar year, it looks less likely that we’re going to have to do that now with the commodity cost moving the direction that they are heading.
Operator: I’ll now turn the conference call back to you to conclude.
Timothy P. Smucker: Again, we’re tremendously excited about the great start to the year and anticipate a great year and particularly excited about the closure of the Folgers this fiscal quarter. Thanks a lot and have a great day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-06-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Belgya - Chief Financial Officer Tim Smucker - Chairman and Co-CEO Richard Smucker - President and Co-CEO Vince Byrd - Senior Vice President Consumer Market Steve Oakland - Vice President and General Manager Consumer Oils and Baking Mark Smucker - Vice President International Paul Smucker Wagstaff - Vice President Food Service and Beverage Market
Analysts: Gretchen Montgomery – Deutsche Bank Farha Aslam – Stephens Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch  Tom Maher – Lord Abbett
Operator: Welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Belgya.
Mark Belgya: Welcome to The J.M. Smucker Company fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. I am the company’s Chief Financial Officer and thank you for joining us this morning. Also on the call from the company this morning are Tim Smucker, Chairman and Co-CEO, Richard Smucker, President and Co-CEO, Vince Byrd, Senior Vice President of our Consumer Market, Steve Oakland, Vice President and General Manager of our Consumer Oils and Baking businesses, Mark Smucker, Vice President of International and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, Vice President Food Service and Beverage Market. After this brief introduction I will turn the call over to Tim for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter and Rich will comment on our recent Folgers announcement, provide an overview of 2009 and offer closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments we will be available to answer your questions. If you’ve not seen our press release it is available on our website at Smuckers.com. A replay of this call is available on the website in downloadable MP3 format. If you have any questions or comments after today’s call please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, Director of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations. I would like to remind you that certain statements in this presentation and during the question and answer period that follows may relate to future events and expectations and as such, constitute forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Legislation Reform Act of 1995. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement concerning such forward looking statements in the press release.  I also want to point out that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release. With that I’ll turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Smucker: I would like to begin by summarizing the key highlights for the year. First we concluded another record year with sales up 18% and earnings per share up 9% both ahead of our strategic goals despite an unprecedented cost environment. Also our compounded annual growth rate for the past 10 years is 9.6% and for the past five years is 8% which exceeds and achieves respectively our long term growth guidance. Second we continued to focus on our strategy of owning number one brands in North America making a number of complementary acquisitions. Third we continued to support our brands with marketing investment up 16% for the year and the introduction of 30 new products. Finally we repurchased approximately 5% of our shares returning value to our shareholders. As you know on June 4th we announced an agreement with Proctor & Gamble to merge the Folgers Coffee business into The Smucker Company. The Smucker family of brands is a trusted part of everyday meals, casual get togethers and special occasions all of which foster family connections and lasting memories. Folgers has a long tradition of being part of memorable meals and is an excellent fit in our family of brands. We are eager to welcome the Folgers brands and the employees into The Smucker Company. While we look forward to completing the Folgers transaction in the fall we acquired a number of businesses and brands during fiscal 2008 that continued to strengthen our presence in the center of the store. We increased our prominence in the baking aisle with the acquisition of Eagle the largest producer of sweetened condensed and evaporated milk in North America and the addition of Carnation canned milk and products in Canada. We also expanded our presence in the freezer aisle of the Canadian market with the addition of Europe’s Best the number one brand of premium all natural frozen fruit in Canada. Carnation and Europe’s Best joined our already strong portfolio brands becoming our seventh and eighth number one brand in Canada. Shortly after the year ended we acquired the highly recognized Knott’s Berry Farm brand a producer and marketer of high quality jams, jellies, preserves and gift boxes in the United States. New products are another important component of our growth strategy. We continually seek to understand consumer’s needs and then respond with products that are good and good for you, easy for you and make you smile. With this strategic architecture guiding our product development The Smucker Family of Brands provides consumers with high quality products they know they can trust. Here is an update of some of those recent introductions. We extended the Jiff brand to the snack nuts category. Currently we are in test markets in the central United States and response has been encouraging. Our new television advertising reminds snack nut consumers we have to be choosy we’re Jiff.  The addition of Crisco Olive Oil offers consumers a trusted brand in the good for you olive oil category. Due to the success in our roll our markets we continue to move towards national distribution. New packaging has been created for the product along with a new media campaign which will be aired this fall to support the expanded distribution. In addition to Crisco Olive Oil our recent introduction of Crisco Puritan Canola Oil with Omega 3 DHA gives consumers yet another smart choice. Other better for you alternatives include Pillsbury reduced sugar cake mixes, frostings and brownies and Martha White whole grain muffins. We have also extended the reach of our Hungry Jack brand with new products that offer consumers greater convenience. We are currently testing Hungry Jack refrigerated potatoes, Hungry Jack frozen biscuits and Hungry Jack snackin waffles ready to eat waffles. We believe these new products are in line with consumer demand and provide opportunities for growth. Looking at other activities during 2008 we consolidated to a single North American systems platform and implemented a Best in Class trade marketing system. In addition we achieved a major milestone in our go to market strategy. In January we appointed Advantage Sales and Marketing as our single national broker for all of our grocery business in the US retail segment.  The transition was completed in the fourth quarter and will help us further improve customer service, realize a number of near term efficiencies and position us for future growth. In addition after Proctor & Gamble made the decision to separate Folgers they appointed Advantage as their broker for that business. Advantage has been preparing to assume responsibility for the business which should further facilitate a smooth go to market transition and integration. Our acquisitions, new product development and other initiatives represent an investment of time, money and people. We would not be able to achieve the success we have without our talented and dedicated employees who continue to focus on our core business while embracing change as we grow. We look forward to the addition of the Folgers business and to welcoming Folgers employees to The Smucker Family. We are confident our strategy will result in long term profitable growth. I would like now to turn the call back to Mark to have him review the financial results.
Mark Belgya: Sales were up 20% for the quarter with the acquisition of Eagle, Carnation and Europe’s Best being approximately 60% of the gain. While price increases accounted for the majority of the remainder. These gains were partially offset by volume declines in baking and peanut butter. Favorable exchange rates also contributed. GAAP earnings per share were $0.67 this quarter and $0.75 in the fourth quarter of last year including restructuring and merger and integration costs which were primarily Eagle related. Excluding these charges in both years earnings per share were $0.73 this quarter and $0.75 in last years quarter. Last year’s fourth quarter benefited from the sale of approximately $15 million and earnings of $0.08 per share due to the withdrawal of a peanut butter competitor during that period. While the situation increased the volatility of the peanut butter category over the last 15 months its important to note Jiff volume has increased 11% and net sales have increased 18% over the past two years demonstrating the strength of the brand. Operating income decreased almost $3 million for the quarter excluding charges and declined as a percent of sales from 14.1% to 11.3%. Gross margin excluding charges declined to 31.1% this year from an unusually high 36.5% last year. The impact of higher raw material costs predominantly the record levels for soybean oil and wheat was the primary cause of the decline. While pricing actions were taken that essentially offset the higher commodity costs, the timing of the pricing lagged the costs increases and the magnitude of the price increases were not in a position to maintain profit margins. Gross margins in the quarter were also negatively impacted by the addition of the lower margin Eagle business. The magnitude of the increase in milk costs and an unfavorable sales mix contributed to Eagle’s lower than average gross margins. In the coming year we anticipate Eagle margins to be more in line with their historical levels. For fiscal 2009 excluding Folgers we expect raw material costs to increase an additional $150 million over 2008 with soybean oil, wheat, peanuts and certain fruits accounting for the majority of the increase. Additional price increases taken or planned for 2009 along with the full year impact of pricing actions taken during 2008 are expected to offset these cost increases. SG&A as a percent of sales once again declined from 22.2% to 20.3% helping to somewhat offset the gross margin impact. In line with our brand billing efforts marketing costs increased 13% compared to last year and nearly 18% specific to our retail business in the United States and Canada. Corporate overhead expenses increased only 5.5% leading to an overall decline in SG&A as a percent of sales. For 2009 we expect to increase marking investments on the base Smucker business by more than 20% over last year primarily in support of the continued roll out of Crisco Olive Oil. Included in the quarter results is a net insurance settlement of approximately $4 million or $0.05 per share relating to store damage at our third party distribution center in Memphis, Tennessee. This amount is reported in the other operating income and expense new line item on the income statement. Previously similar type gains and losses including those on disposition of assets were reported below operating income and have been reclassified to this line item. Now turning to segment results, sales in our US retail segment were up 15% in the fourth quarter excluding the addition of Eagle sales for the segment were up 5%. Sales in the consumer area were up 5% primarily in Smucker Fruit Spread and Uncrustables and Hungry Jack potatoes, pancakes and syrups. Sales of Uncrustables through all channels increased 21% in 2008 and exceeded $100 million. Sales in the Oils and Baking business increased 6% excluding Eagle compared to last year. Volume and pricing gains in oils more than offset declines in baking ingredients and mixes. In the special markets segment sales were $171 million for the quarter up 34%. Canada contributed two thirds of the increase primarily due to the impact of the acquired Eagle, Carnation and Europe’s Best businesses and favorable exchange rates. Food Service was up 8% excluding Eagle with gains in both the traditional and schools channel. Sales in our beverage business were up 16% compared to last year.  The effective tax rate declined from 35.3% in last year’s fourth quarter to 30% this year primarily due to a lower state tax rate resulting from the favorable resolution of certain state tax contingencies. The full year effective tax rate of 33.1% was in line with our estimate provided last quarter. In 2009 we expect the effective tax rate to remain favorable to the statutory rate at approximately 33% again excluding the impact of Folgers. During the quarter we repurchased approximately 1.3 million shares at a cost of about $66 million. This includes 1 million shares acquired as part of a 10b5-1 Plan. For the full year we repurchased 2.9 million shares at a total cost of $152 million. Adding $68 million paid in dividends we returned approximately $220 million to shareholders during fiscal 2008. With the transaction structure to Folgers merger we will be restricted in our ability to repurchase shares for two years after the closing of the transaction. We believe that share repurchase is an attractive alternative for delivering value to our shareholders and will consider future actions once the two year limitation expires. I would now like to turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Smucker: With another record year in 2008 I’d like to join Tim in recognizing our employees who made this possible. We know that their dedicated support will enable us to continue to generate strong performance in the years to come. We look forward to welcoming a new group of talented employees into our company when we complete the Folgers merger. This transaction brings one of Americas best known brands into The Smucker Family of Brands and allows us to offer consumers yet another number one brand in a key category. Folgers has a rich heritage high quality product offerings and strong consumer loyalty. Over the years Folgers has created some of the most memorable marketing and advertising messages including the well known tag line “The best part of waking up is Folgers in your cup.” Whether its waking up with a freshly brewed cup of Folgers coffee with Hungry Jack pancakes or Smuckers jam on a piece of toast or ending your day with Folgers coffee and slice of Pillsbury cake these brands are a great fit together. With many opportunities for multi-brand marketing events Folgers is an excellent fit strategically as the number one retail packaged coffee brand in the United States it is clearly aligned with our strategy to own and market number one food brands in North America. Folgers is more than a billion dollar brand our first and is our tenth number one brand. This powerful combination provides increased size and scale that will benefit all of our businesses. The transaction is financially compelling accretive to earnings on a full year basis and increasing sales to almost $5 billion in the first full year. We also expect margins to expand and cash flow to increase significantly. Briefly summarizing the transactions it will be structured as an all stock reverse morris transaction. Proctor and Gamble shareholders will own approximately 53.5% of the combined company. At the completion of the transaction we will have approximately 118 million shares outstanding. Prior to the merger Smucker shareholders as of a record date planned in September will receive a special dividend of $5 per share. This dividend recognizes the loyalty of the Smucker shareholders and provides an immediate return of approximately 10%. In addition to the added strategic value of the merger on their investment in Smuckers. As part of the transaction Folgers will incur $350 million of debt which will be assumed by Smuckers after the transaction. We expect our total debt to increase by approximately $650 million but we will have a stronger balance sheet with a debt to EBITDA below two times.  Assuming the transaction closes early in the fourth quarter of calendar 2008 we expect fiscal 2009 sales of approximately $3.8 to $4 billion and earnings per share of approximately $3.45 to $3.50 per share excluding one time costs associated with the transaction. Longer term we are committed to strategic net sales growth rate of 6% with acquisitions continuing to play a key role and earnings per share growth of 8% or better. There’s been a great deal of activity since the announcement. Tim, Vince and I have met with Folgers management and together we have visited all the Folgers locations to meet the employees, conduct employee communications and tour the facility. The passion for Folgers was evident at each location. These meetings have only enhanced our enthusiasm for the business and its fit with Smuckers. Together we have great opportunities to continue to build a business with unparalleled brands and returns. We look forward to completing the transaction which brings significant value to current and future Smuckers shareholders. We will continue to manage for the long term and are confident that our investments in new brands and businesses will continue to provide long term profitable growth. To summarize the year; first we completed another record year in terms of financial performance. Second we welcomed several new leading brands to The Smucker Company that will provide growth opportunities in new categories. Third we added to shareholder return by continuing our strong dividend policy and repurchasing approximately 5% of our shares outstanding.  Fourth our pricing moves have finally caught up with our cost increases and we are beginning fiscal 2009 with strong top and bottom line momentum. Finally we have positioned ourselves for substantial future growth with the announcement of the Folgers transaction. Thank you very much for your time and we’d now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Gretchen Montgomery – Deutsche Bank.
Gretchen Montgomery – Deutsche Bank: It seems like in the summer months the consumer will experience a fuller flow through of commodity prices given gasoline prices as well as food as companies are taking off some of the protection from earlier in the year. What are your thoughts about demand elasticity going forward?
Tim Smucker: If you think about our product categories that we’re in, we’re in a lot of staple type businesses and people that are eating home more because they don’t want to travel as much or don’t want to eat out as much we think our product categories that we’re in and the brands that we’re in will do quite well and actually have done quite well during this period. We normally do fairly well in a rough economy. And we’re off to a very good start.
Gretchen Montgomery – Deutsche Bank: Have you seen that benefit from the shift from away from home eating to at home eating? Have you started to see that yet?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: On the food service side we’ve seen a little softness in our restaurant business however one of the benefits we have is we have the school market which is very stable and it continues to grow then our healthcare market is also doing very well, that’s growing. It’s kind of offset and we’re in good shape.
Operator: Your next question comes from Farha Aslam – Stephens.
Farha Aslam – Stephens: On the P&G transaction, P&G shareholders do they have any lock for a period of time post the transaction?
Richard Smucker: No.
Farha Aslam – Stephens: You guys have a lock up or sort of a restriction that you can’t repurchase shares for two years.
Mark Belgya: That’s correct, that’s part of the reverse morris trust.
Farha Aslam – Stephens: Could you just share with us a little bit more detail on your comment that your pricing has now caught up with your commodities. What level of pricing have you had to take in your products and when you say that is that because your hedge on your commodities you pretty much know your costs?
Tim Smucker: The answer to your second question is correct. Our hedging our commodities we know our costs certainly most of fiscal ’09 but our price increases vary quite a bit by categories depending on which categories we’re in. I’ll let both Steve and Vince speak to that.
Vince Byrd: We did take pricing on the majority of our categories in May. Those were to cover the costs that we’ve incurred as well as anticipated costs over the next six months. We fell we’re in very good shape on the spread side and the Hungry Jack side of the businesses.
Steve Oakland: As far as oils and baking as you know there were dramatic price changes last year. The oils increases went in earlier in the year; there was an additional 30% on Crisco at the end of the fiscal year. Those price increases are through and frankly oils had a great Easter. The oil business again were leaders in that business and we got off to a good start, we led those price increases. The baking business price increases went in around the Easter timeframe. Those are all in place now. All the shelf prices have moved and we seem to see that business settling out right now.
Farha Aslam – Stephens: Have you seen competitors follow these price increases?
Vince Byrd: For the most part with the exception of fruit spreads it typically lags anywhere from maybe three to four months but in the other categories we’ve seen following or in one case we actually followed. Yes, those have already been reflected.
Farha Aslam – Stephens: My final question is on packaging, are you guys comfortable with your positions and how much of an increase are you factoring into your guidance?
Mark Belgya: I would say that we’ve anticipated what we’ve known up to date and included in our raw material costs was some packaging components. Clearly there is, particularly the plastic is petroleum driven and if that were to continue we would have to revisit some of the increases to date we have factored in.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest: Going a little bit back consumer behavior what other shifts have you seen besides more eating at home that affects your business? Are you losing any share to private label at this time?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Not really, not on the spread side. The biggest issues of course is we have a major competitor that’s back in the market and gaining share back on peanut butter but no not really on some of the other categories.
Steve Oakland: In the oils business in certain markets there’s some size trade down. Some of our gallon business is going to 64 oz those kinds of things. We build our plan around that and we’re fortunate with the Crisco business we offer all those sizes. We’re in a position to hit the price point that the market wants. We’re still able to get those things merchandized and on the floor at the different retailers around the country.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest: Aside to the size trade down does that end up helping you due to more frequent purchase?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: It may be too early to tell you that. We don’t think that the actual usage at home is going to change that much though it should frankly. Those are just happening now. I don’t think we have enough data to confirm it.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest: How about any channel shifts where your products are moving through.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: There’s a little bit of channel shift it’s not a big amount. As you know the deeper discounters are doing a little bit better same store sales than maybe the traditional stores. We obviously are represented all those channels.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest: Do you have any acquisition terms on the Knott’s Berry acquisition?
Mark Belgya: In terms of what we paid and so forth?
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest: Exactly.
Mark Belgya: We didn’t disclose, we said roughly $40 million in sales on an annual basis but that was the extent of the terms of the discussion.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest: If we’re looking at Eagle margins reverting to historical patterns this year what are you comparing it to in your previous comments we didn’t pick up whether you’re talking more about fourth quarter Eagle margins or all of fiscal ’08.
Steve Oakland: All of fiscal ’08. The Eagle business closed at really a tough time if you look at milk costs went from about $11 100 weight to mid $20s or low $20s. The way the accounting on that transaction we had to write all that inventory up we weren’t allowed to price it until we owned it. We got pricing in immediately after we owned it but there’s obviously a couple month lag there.  The Eagle organization’s balance sheet wasn’t that strong, they didn’t have a hedge position on. We obviously have changed that. Milk sells for different amounts throughout the year. Our organization has been able to lock that in now. You couldn’t have orchestrated a tougher market in the milk business last year. The brand did great; sales were fine now we’ve got the costs and the plants in line.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: Just a little more to that, we talk in terms of the administrative side, I think Steve is more specific to gross profit and some degree operating income but we’ve also been able to achieve the synergies we expected as it related to the administrative side of the house. All in all clearly margins on the overall Eagle business are going to be moving up from here.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : I wanted to clarify that the $0.73 EPS number that you quoted was excluding the restructuring charges and the merger integration costs but it did include the $0.05 of the insurance proceeds.
Mark Belgya: That’s right.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : Were those proceeds related to a storm or costs that were incurred in this quarter or in a previous quarter?
Mark Belgya: It’s actually related to an unfortunate situation that happened in February in Memphis where a tornado hit and destroyed the facility of the third party warehouse where it was primarily all Smucker products. The loss is for all intents and purposes were in the fourth quarter by the time we got through figuring out what it was and totaling up all the costs.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : Could you clarify, I think someone made a statement earlier that you know most of your costs for fiscal 2009. I’m a little bit surprised by that comment. My understanding was that you usually plan out for a given season with the retailers and then lock in your costs. It seems like there’s a number of commodities you’re exposed to that really don’t have very liquid or active markets for hedging.  Could you clarify that statement a bit in terms of knowing your costs for fiscal ’09? I image you’re not hedged on dairy, are you hedged on wheat and oils for the year or just through the upcoming fall date?
Steve Oakland: Honestly these markets have been more volatile then what we’ve seen in the past. There have been opportunities in the hedgable markets to cover fall date. Our customers expect us to price fall date right now. Those coverage’s need to be in place in order to do that. You can hedge milk actually. There are a number of instruments that you can use to try and flatten that out. Milk prices are low in the summer and high in the winter.  There are instruments you can do both contracting with the dairy as well as instruments over the counter and traded instruments. Based on those things we feel pretty good. Absolutely there are some commodities that we’re still exposed to; there are some things in our contracts that we would be exposed to. Given the cost environment we just came out of we’re probably a little more conservative this year than the past.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: If you think about peanuts and fruit we know for the most part where those are going to land for the next fiscal year given some contracts. There is obviously some exposures that relates to corn and corn sweetener. We have those locked for a period of time as well. Overall we’re in pretty good shape.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Maher – Lord Abbett.
Tom Maher – Lord Abbett: I was wondering if you could walk through the reentry into the peanut butter market of the major competitor in terms of the promotional activity and perhaps the progression of that through the quarter.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: I think it’s fairly obvious that they have decided to get back the market share that they lost and again to take a step back a year ago when it occurred we and others obviously benefited from that. We at that point pulled some trade support because obviously there was no need to quite frankly to discount it. Clearly they are back and to be honest with you they are discounting it at double digit levels below even private label and over 30% below the two other major manufacturers including ourselves. They’re back to about where they were before the incident occurred. As we look forward though we have addressed capacity related concerns that we had last fiscal year and we are back on a full promotional basis for the most part. It’s still a bit of a volatile situation given what’s going on with the raw material and peanuts but again we feel we’re in very very good shape. That would be how I’d summarize it.
Tom Maher – Lord Abbett: In terms of oils that last major price increase on Crisco has that gone fully through to the end consumers at this point?
Steve Oakland: All the vegetable oil pricing you’d see on the shelf today.
Tom Maher – Lord Abbett: In terms of the immediate impact we’ve seen what it will do to volumes one way or the other?
Steve Oakland: Yes, absolutely and all brands and we’ve seen private label go up.
Tom Maher – Lord Abbett: In the press release you guys actually called out the impact on the Eagle business of milk. Any chance you would quantify that because that’s obviously a newer raw material for you guys and given the dynamics of that acquired business I’m trying to get a sense of whether that’s fully stabilized and how much that might have impacted the quarter just reported.
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: We wouldn’t give the specifics to it but its stabilized and I think as Steve just reported as we go into ’09 several of the factors that negatively impacted ’08 have been addressed, the costs have settled, we’ve done some hedging and we’re comfortable with it the margins will improve.
Tom Maher – Lord Abbett: In terms of the gross margin pressure we’ve seen it’s not like things are about to improve but perhaps we’re kind of seeing the bulk of that impact?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: That’s right.
Operator:
 :
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch :   A quick follow up on the peanut butter business. The $10 to $15 million in sales in the year ago quarter or opportunistic sales you said in the press release that equated to about $0.08 in EPS could you give us a rough estimate as to what the incremental benefit was on the bottom line for the first quarter of ’08 as we’re modeling through we have a basis for looking at the year over year comparison?
Mark Belgya: We gave the sales estimate last year and I guess I would just frame it in that the fourth quarter of last year was the most dramatic increase because it occurred as you recall in February it would be less than the impact we had in the fourth quarter, probably not being more specific than that.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : Would the margins on those incremental sales be as great as the margins where on incremental sales in the fiscal fourth quarter of ’07?
Mark Belgya: No they would not.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest.
Chuck Cerankosky – FTN Midwest: Going to the Folgers acquisition do you see any significant obstacles of getting that transaction completed either regulatory or anything else? Also could you perhaps more narrowly define when it might close at this point?
Tim Smucker: No we don’t see any problems with any of the approvals it just takes some time. We’re planning to close it in the October/November time period, something like that.
Operator: I will now turn the conference back to you to conclude.
Tim Smucker: Thank you very much for taking time to be with us today and again I just want to share that we’re tremendously excited about the Folgers transaction as Richard said in his comments we’ve had a privilege to visit with a number of the Folgers team. I’m so impressed with the passion that they have for the business and we think it’s going to be a perfect fit for us going forward. A great platform for continued growth. Thanks a lot, have a great day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-02-15 06:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Belgya - CFO Tim Smucker - Chairman and co-CEO Richard Smucker - President and co-CEO Vince Byrd - SVP of Consumer Market Steve Oakland - VP and Gm of Consumer Oils and Baking Business Mark Smucker - VP International Paul Smucker Wagstaff - VP of Food Service and Beverage Market 
Analysts: Chuck Cerankosky - FTN Securities Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Farha Aslam - Stephens Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch  Jon Anderson - William Blair 
Operator: Good morning and welcome, ladies and gentlemen to the J.M. Smucker Company's third-quarter 2008 Earnings Call.  I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Mark Belgya. Please go ahead, sir. 
Mark Belgya: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the J.M. Smucker Company's third quarter 2008 Earnings Call. I am the company's Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining us this morning. Also on the call from the company are Tim Smucker, Chairman and co-CEO; Richard Smucker, President and co-CEO; Vince Byrd, Senior Vice President, Consumer Market; Steve Oakland, Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking; Mark Smucker, Vice President, International; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, Vice President of our Foodservice and Beverage market. After this brief introduction, I will turn the call over to Richard for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter and Tim will provide closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments, we will be available to answer your questions. If you have not seen our press release, it is available on our website at Smuckers.com. A replay is available on the website in downloadable MP3 format. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please feel free to contact me or Sonal Robinson, Director of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations. I would like to remind you that certain statements in this presentation and during the question-and-answer period that follows, may relate to future events and expectations and as such, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Legislation Reform Act of 1995. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement concerning such forward-looking statements in the press release. I also want to point out that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release. With that, I'll turn the call over to, Richard.
Richard Smucker: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I would like to begin by summarizing the key highlights for the quarter. First, we achieved strong sales growth in the quarter. Our Eagle and Carnation acquisitions contributed approximately one half of the growth, consistent with our strategic expectations. The remaining sales gains were led by our Smucker's, Jif, Crisco, and Pillsbury brands. While pricing contributed to the increase, volumes were up across most of our brands. Second, we increased our non-GAAP earnings per share by 10%, despite raw material costs that were up approximately $40 million over the same period last year. Third, we completed a successful fall bake in both the US and Canada, realizing gains in sales, volume and market share. And finally, while we are attentive to cost management in this difficult environment, we once again increased marketing spending, demonstrating our focus on long-term brand building. Let me briefly comment on our performance starting the US retail segment. The segment experienced strong top line growth in the quarter. In the consumer's area Smucker's, Jif, and Hungry Jack brands all contributed, and Smucker's Uncrustables remained strong. A particular note, this quarter delivered good volume growth. One of our best quarters ever, in terms of tonnage. Our spreads businesses continued to set new share market records, quarter-after-quarter. Fruit spreads and peanut butter, continue to be a very strong combination, marketing them together is appealing to our consumers, beneficial to our customers and has strengthened both brand. One of Jif's competitors, who has been out of the market for sometime, aggressively moved to regain their lost share of market, with significant trade and consumer spending during the later part of the quarter. And we expect this activity to continue for the foreseeable future. While the dynamics of the category remain volatile, we have continued to gain share. While the addition of Eagle contributed significantly to sales growth in the oils and baking area, we had another strong quarter from Pillsbury. Since our baking acquisition several years ago, you've heard us talk about the long term actions we were taking to build the brand, actions in the areas of reformulating and repackaging, new product development, focusing distribution on more profitable channels and providing significant marketing support. While we did not immediately realized sales and share gains we knew that our strategy was sound. And our long term brand building focus would prove beneficial, as a result of these investments. Therefore, the Pillsbury brand has realized four consecutive quarters of sales gains, and has grown market share over that period. Our steady stream of new products has also contributed to the improvement. We recently introduced Pillsbury Reduced Sugar Cake Mixes and Frostings. They've been very well we receive by consumers, and we are expanding our offering with new varieties. The ability to cross promote in the baking aisle has also been beneficial for our brands. Crisco volumes and share of market were flat in the quarter, while sales were up on higher prices. Pricing in the oils category remained volatile, as soybean oil cost continue to rise, reaching their highest levels ever during the quarter. As a point comparison, the current price of soybean oil has more than tripled since we acquired the business six years ago. We have implemented four separate price increases totaling over 50% in the past 13 months. Based on soybean oil futures we expect these cost to remain high and we plan to reduce cost and take price increases as appropriate. Turning to our special markets. This segment experienced another good quarter in sales and their overall profit growth continues to improve. In Canada, the Eagle and Carnation acquisitions added significantly to the top line growth, and we also benefited from favorable exchange rates.  Although we just closed the Carination acquisition on October, we reached a key integration milestone this month, allowing Carnation products to be ordered, shipped and invoiced along side other Smucker products. In addition, we were able to include Carnation in some of our Fall Bake campaigns, cross promoting with Robin Hood.  Results for Carnation have been strong, exceeding our expectations. Food service also was a key contributor to the segments growth, as sales were up in both the traditional and the schools channel. The business also benefited with the addition of Eagle.  In summary, we delivered a strong quarter. As we look ahead to the next several quarters, we expect most costs to remain high. But as always we are committed to responsibly managing our business for the long-term. We expect a strong focus on our strategy to continue to generate long-term profitable results.  I would now like to turn the call back to Mark to have him review the financials with you. 
Mark Belgya: Thank you, Richard. Sales were up 27% for the quarter, and excluding the impact of Eagle sales were up over 14%. This increase in sales was primarily attributable to price and volume gains with foreign exchange and Carnation also contributing. As Richard noted, the peanut butter competitor that had been out of the market began to aggressively move to regain share in the quarter, through this [just] gained share and once again realized good sales growth up 13% over the same period last year. This month marks a full year of the competitor's temporary exit from the market.  Now that we have left the benefits we realized for the past year, we do not expect peanut butter sales to continue to experience the level of year-over-year increase as we have enjoyed, and are expecting a return to more historical growth level.  GAAP earnings per share were $0.75 this quarter and $0.71 in the third quarter of last year, including restructuring and merger and integration costs which were primarily Eagle related. Excluding these charges in both years', earnings per share was $0.79 this quarter and $0.72 in last year's quarter, a 10% increase.  Operating income increased almost $8 million for the quarter, excluding charges but declined as a percent of sales from 12.4% to 10.9%. Gross margin for the period decreased approximately 380 basis points excluding charges, primarily reflecting lower margins in the Eagle business, the impact of higher soybean oil and weak cost, and mix of sales. Magnitude of the increase in milk cost and a higher percentage of non-branded versus branded sales, contributed to Eagle's lower than average margins during the quarter. Looking ahead, we expect significant operating margin improvement for Eagle with a better sales mix, lower milk cost and synergies.  While the impact of pricing action across all of our businesses essentially offset higher raw material cost, they were not sufficient to maintain profit margins. However, consistent with our brand building efforts, our marketing cost increased 17% compared to last year. Corporate overhead expenses increased only 3%, well below the top line growth rate as we were able to integrate our recent acquisitions essentially within our existing corporate infrastructure. As with our first two quarters, SG&A as a percent of sales declined from 20.8% to 18.5%.  Now turning to segment results. Sales in our US retail segment were $502 million in the third quarter. Excluding the addition of Eagle, sales for the segment were up 13% as were sales from both the consumer and oils and baking areas, as compared to last year. In the consumer area, gains were broad based, as peanut butter, fruit spreads, potatoes, pan cakes, syrups and uncrustables, all contributed.  Sales among crustables across all channels increased 25% for the quarter. Sales in the oils and baking business increased due to growth in baking mixes, flour and frostings, and pricing actions particularly in oils. In the special markets segment, sales were $163 million for the quarter, up 26%. Canada contributed three quarters of increase, primarily due to the impact of the acquired Eagle and Carnation businesses and favorable exchange rates. Food service was up 8%, excluding Eagle, with gains in both the traditional and schools channel. Sales in our beverages business were flat compared to last year. Our tax rate for the quarter decreased to 31.8% from 33.1% in the third quarter lat year, primarily as a result of statutory tax law changes and an increase in tax exempt interest earnings. For the full year we estimated an effective rate between 33% and 33.5% compared to our current year-to-date rate of 33.9%. In January, we announced the repurchase of approximately 1.6 million shares during the third quarter at a cost of almost $83 million. This included 1.5 million share acquired as a part of 10b5-1 plan. This latest repurchase essentially exhausted the shares outstanding under previous authorizations. As a result the Board approved an additional 5 million shares for future repurchase at its January meeting. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Smucker: Thank you Mark, and good morning everyone. As Richard mentioned we had another strong quarter with sales and share market growth across our brands, delivering good earnings growth. As you know, these are unprecedented times, in terms of rising cost and related pricing actions, which make our results for the quarter and year-to-date particularly gratifying. It all comes down to execution of strategy, out attention to detail and focus on building our brands for the long-term. Last quarter, we forecasted a year-over-year increase in cost of $150 million and remain comfortable with that estimate. We have reduced cost, where possible, and taken price increases where appropriate. We remain enthusiastic about our growth prospects. We continue to support our brands, as evidenced by the significant increase in marketing spending, every quarter this year, compared to last year. In addition, our new product activity remained strong. Our Jif snack nuts, a natural expansion of the Jif brands are doing well in test markets. And we continue to increase our distribution of Crisco olive oil, expanding our presence in growing segment of the oil category. This quarter we launched whole wheat Smucker's Uncrustables, and have extended our Hungry Jack brand into two new categories, with the introduction of Hungry Jack Frozen Biscuits and Hungry Jack Refrigerated Potatoes. We are introducing Crisco Canola oil fortified with omega-3 capitalizing on the growing consumer interest in that ingredient. Finally, we have several new Smucker's toppings planned for this year's summer ice-cream season. Our momentum remains strong. We always take a long-term view of managing our brands, and remain confident in the opportunity for profitable growth that they offer. So in summary, we continue to implement our strategy. Second, we delivered a record quarter with good sales, share and earnings growth. Third, we completed a successful fall bake. And finally, despite a challenging cost environment we remain enthusiastic about our opportunities going forward. In tough economic times, the comfort, cost and convenience of a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, gains even greater favor with our consumers. And our portfolio of brands are well positioned as families look to time tested foods at home. On another note, we mentioned in our press release that we recently had incurred storm related losses. Our Memphis warehouse facility operated by our distribution partner DSC Logistics was destroyed in the severe weathers striking the Memphis area earlier this month. We expect insurance coverage to especially cover our losses and do not expect this to result in a significant business interruption. However, the event has had a greater impact on our business partner. We extend our condolences to the individuals and families affected by this tragedy and we continue to provide assistance as needed. As always we thank you for your time today and are now happy to answer any of your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Chuck Cerankosky of FTN Midwest.
Chuck Cerankosky - FTN Securities: Good morning, everyone. Can you hear me alright?
Tim Smucker: Yes, Chuck.
Chuck Cerankosky with FTN Securities: Alright, thank you. In looking at the business here, especially with regard to price increases I noted, in here you talked about the ability to generally offset the higher raw material costs with price increases, but you weren't able to increase your margins. Could you talk about that a little bit, and I know you perhaps are getting into a period here where margins are going to be under pressure but you can maintain traditional gross profit spreads as measured in dollars?
Mark Belgya: Chuck this is Mark. I'll start off and then you guys can add in. It's clearly what you're suggesting. You know you see cost in the times that are certainly unique, we are trying to cover all our lost margin in dollars and then basically this has been looked at as the dollars sales increase through pricing is coming to dollar at cost. So we would expect over time that although we will be able to pass price, [keeping] dollars [tucked] and our overall margin percentage will decline or at least stay where it's at. 
Chuck Cerankosky - FTN Securities: Well when can you say private label is having its biggest impact as customers see higher shelf prices?
Steve Oakland: We passed the increases on oils in the 30% range and power on the 23% range. So those are significant. Those are going to hit the shelf sometime here and I think that's what we'll see. Fortunately our private label competitors are facing the same cost we are being. You know most of them don't have the benefit of the hedging organizations that we have. So I think we're all going to be in the same boat. It's going to be really up to the customer, are they going to - you know all these new price points make that big of a difference. But as ingredients become a larger percentage of your total costs, there's simply not a lot of room for private label to reduce their margins or their other operating costs. Really some of these items hits the fall ingredient right now that's driving the price.
Chuck Cerankosky - FTN Securities: Can you say that last part again. I'm sorry I missed it.
Steve Oakland: I just said that in some of these invest oil or flour, some of those businesses it is the raw ingredients driving the new cost, the new shelf prices. So shouldn't be much of an opportunity for private label to be more competitive than they have been in the past.
Richard Smucker: We haven't - this is Richard. We haven't seen the spread between private label and branded really change that much because of the factors that Steve mentioned. Basically everybody is in the same boat, so the spread between private label and brand is very similar to what it's has been historically.
Tim Smucker: I would say Chuck this is Tim, sorry. That if you look at the spread business, the gaps have widened a little bit, but what tends to happen is just a lag. And that's not unusual from history, and I think that's consistent with other categories that tends to be a three months or maybe a six month lag of private label moving on. 
Chuck Cerankosky - FTN Securities: Alright. And did you mention that the beverage category was flat. Are you seeing customer pushback in that category?
Paul Wagstaff: Hi Chuck, Paul Wagstaff. On the beverage side while we are flat, I think overall there has been some minor ingredients shortages on organic apple which has contributed to some of our slowdown or flatness I would say. But overall we've been pass on prices to our customers.
Chuck Cerankosky - FTN Securities: Alright. And then, last question, can you sort of quantify the benefit you had from the Canadian dollar being strong?
Richard Smucker: Yeah Chuck. Of the 14%, top line growth is about 2%.
Chuck Cerankosky - FTN Securities: Two percentage points, so you say fair -. 
Richard Smucker: Alright. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Christina McGlone of Deutsche Bank
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Good morning
Richard Smucker: Good morning
Mark Belgya: Morning, Christina.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: Mark, could you also breakout the price in the volume component of sales, because it's great to see to volume growing?
Mark Belgya: Yes. Let me just reconcile, Christina for you. We said that without Eagle we were up 14% top line, of that 14%, roughly 2% was foreign exchange, 2% was the effect of Carnation. So that let the base growth of about 10%, roughly two thirds of that would be price and the remainder of volumes.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. And in last call you had said of the $150 million increment on commodity costs, that you would be able to recruit the majority of it with pricing. And it looks like your pricing trailed the cost this quarter. I did know if it was timing or if maybe you've changed the expectation of being able to fully recover that incremental costs?
Mark Belgya: It's primarily timing just -- when price increases are going to be affective.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So we should see a catch up buy the end of the year?
Mark Belgya: Yes.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, would you be able to tell us how much of that $150 million is hedged so or basically how much visibility do you have on that?
Steve Oakland: Christina this is, Steve Oakland. I mean all of our core commodities are hedged. I mean wheat, soy, and anything that we're not hedged and we have fixed price contracts, and maybe to follow-up on your previous question. Milk is a little different in that and it's not no pun attended, it's termed as liquid on the financial markets, it's a very similarly traded Class-four milk that we use. So we probably get a little more exposure to volatility in that particular business and you saw we had record high milk costs during the last quarter. The Eagle business really wasn't organized to hedge that, we will be going forward. So I think you can count on us. We don't do it speculatively. We hedge to cover our needs for the pricing periods ahead of us.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: Okay, Steve. So, when I look -- I mean you are having lot of fun these days, I am sure, if I look at Minneapolis wheat and should I think oh my god they are paying $20 a bushel, or of thinking okay, at least through the year end or may be through further than that for spring break you are locked in at a lower price.
Steve Oakland: I think that's fair, I mean because of the supply chain and because of our customer commitments on the Easter and all of those pricing periods, we would have that locked in well in advance of those periods.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Steve Oakland: It is an exciting time, an understatement right, I mean you can't even buy Minneapolis wheat if you need it right now. it closes up at the limit every day. So, we are not in that position. And you can't be in our business, we've seen competitors have disruptions in deliveries, but we just can't be. So, you have to be covered for your promotion periods ahead of time.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And in terms of Eagle, I was surprise that there were higher costs associated with that, because I thought you would have cost savings, because of the integration of headquarters?
Steve Oakland: We did have all of those savings, but milk traditionally has -- Class IV milk has been $9 to $12, a 100 weight and it went to almost $22 during the third quarter.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: But I think you mentioned that in SG&A.
Mark Belgya: Yeah. Well the offices close Christina in the later part of calendar '07, so we'll see those in earnings during the fourth quarter, but there was still cost as we were shutting that facility down.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So, the synergies will flow in the fourth quarter.
Mark Belgya: That's right.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then I guess last question again for Paul, the beverages' moderation in sale, so you attribute it to shortage of apples, how long will that persist?
Paul Smucker Wagstaff: That will persist through the remainder of this year. We feel that we'll get that crop back going in to next fiscal year. But overall our sales have been pretty good, we've had some timing issues of one of our large customers, as far as their order pattern and that will pick up in the fourth quarter.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We will go next to Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: Hi Good morning.
Tim Smucker: Hi Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: Traditionally this is the time of year where you start looking at next year's fall bake, congratulations for a good one this year. When you look at the soy and wheat costs, how are you thinking about next year's fall bake in, how do you think pricing will go there?
Richard Smucker: Hi Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: Hi.
Richard Smucker: There is no question that if you had a price fall bake today, we are looking at 30% differences from year ago. Some core items, individual items will be up a $1, I mean a bottle of vegetable oil, right up 48 ounce, which is in most of the category promotion would be up the $1. I think our customers recognize that pricing at this point may not be prudent and most of larger customers understand what's going on in the markets. And we are literally, as we speak, working with them to put plans in place so we can manage around that hopefully. And commodity markets go down harder than they come up traditionally, will that be next year I don't know, but we've got to be positioned to work with either way.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: Okay. And then when you look at your market share in Crisco, was your market share in Crisco up this quarter?
Richard Smucker: No it wasn't. And in these cost environments, we are really doing this three dimensionally, we are looking at the consumer demand, what is our position and then how do we translate that in to price. And there is a lot of volume opportunities right now, but they just not prudent. And we are in Crisco for the long-term, we've had probably two years of very tough costs. We were still driven great in olive oil, and in spray, and all of things we deem strategically important we will market those items over the next year. But on the vegetable business, we are really managing that through the commodity turmoil. And we are doing it just to be prudent, cost versus our position versus the promoted volume.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: And I think it's great that you are managing for profitability, especially given the tough environment, but do you think it's because you are choosing to just pull back and manage for that profit level or do you think it's that consumers are going to the shop and just seeing that dollar increase and saying well that's too much of a price hit for me. And I am going to trade-down to private label. 
Richard Smucker: A lot of those haven't happened yet, the biggest pieces haven't happened yet, obviously there is some of that. Our private label retailers are going to face the same costs and in the meetings we have with them they are as challenged, as we are, going forward. So I think, I do think we might see size migration. We may see some things go down and we will start to talk about that and we're positioned well to do that. We've got the broadest portfolio of offerings in the category. So we may see 32-ounce instead of 48-ounce those types of things. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens: Okay
Richard Smucker: But it's in uncharted water clearly.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: So you've put through a 30% price increase in Crisco?
Richard Smucker: For March 10.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: For March 10. And have you heard that competitors have followed so far. 
Richard Smucker: The entire industry appears to be.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: Entire industry. Okay. And could you Mark may be just share with us some of your cost savings. You've said that you've taken down cost as much as you can. Could you may be detail a little bit kind of what those amount to, so that we can kind of think of how you're offsetting this commodities for next year.
Mark Smucker: Well Farha, when I talk about that most of the costs are in the corporate administrative area, as we have added these acquisitions, we said in the past, we were able to use our infrastructure so we really not had to add much headcount for additional expenses with those folks. So we have been able to maintain from a dollar amount a consistent corporate amount. So that's probably were the biggest savings. We are certainly looking at some opportunities, some of our facilities to improve efficiencies there. We have recognized some of that to date as well, but that's proved well in the past where we have improved productivity affecting cost reductions there. So it really is a sort of across the organization. I wouldn't say we have any one significant restructuring program in place to go at cost.
Richard Smucker: All of our plants have what we call Smucker quality management system programs in place which are long term programs, but some of them are starting to pay dividends in terms of getting lower -- more throughput to the plants. So we have seen great opportunities there. So almost every element of our company has some sort of cost savings program in place.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: Okay. And my final question is on the share repurchase program. You have increased your share repurchases up to that 5 million. Do you have any thoughts on how quickly you'd like to execute that going forward?
Mark Belgya: I think so far we have done pretty consistently over the last three years, it is obviously at our discretion we look at the market conditions, we look at our opportunities for other uses of cash, and it really comes down to that. We said in our release of the previous 5 million shares, that was repurchased over about a 3 to 3.5 year window, not saying that necessarily is going to be the case for this. But we really do look at the other options and then make that decision when appropriate.
Farha Aslam - Stephens: Right. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will go next to Eric Serotta of Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : Good morning.
Richard Smucker: Hi, Eric, good morning.
Mark Belgya: Good morning.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : You guys didn't comment on your full year guidance or you didn't write any full year guidance particularly in relation to your long-term 8% target. Looks to me like you'll be getting a nice benefit from the lower tax rate you could see that adding about three percentage points. But what you looking at in terms of overall EPS growth for the year and then sort of core EPS growth if we adjust for the tax rate?
Richard Smucker: Eric, this is Richard. We historically as you probably know we don't give guidance other than to say that our long-term growth rate is 8% top line and 8% or better on the bottom line. So, we have been very, I think, interested in not giving specifics.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch : Okay, and then your marketing spending, I think you said, was up 17% year-over-year. Could you give us an idea how much of marketing spending has been up year-to-date and then could you put that in a bit more contacts with, your sales are up 27% in the quarter, so your marketing as a percentage of sales were down. I know there's been a lot of mix-shifts with the business, with perhaps some less marketing intensive businesses coming out, perhaps some less marketing intensive businesses coming in. But what's the appropriate level of marketing as a percentage of sales and how you've been tracking that.
Mark Belgya: Sure. Let me take a correct idea Eric. You are right on the 17% sales increase or a market increase for the quarter. That's pretty consistent with what we have seen year-to-date. If you look at that in comparison to top-line growth, of course we have a lot of acquisition in there. Particularly with Eagle, keep in the mind that a good portion of that business is private-labeled which of course is not heavily marketed. So, marketing percentage of that business would be much less. So from sort of the high level that -- I don't have the numbers right in front of me, but I would guess that our marketing is probably at or maybe even a little greater than our overall sales growth once you back out the impact of the private label side of eagle.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And could you give us any color in terms of marketing mix between sort of the core fruit spreads and peanut butter business and some of the other business, the baking and -- if it was in baking in particular?
Richard Smucker: Sure. Obviously I think it's fair to say that we spend more consumer marketing on our leading brands at this point being the Smucker's, Jif versus maybe some of the baking and oils brands at this particular point. Although, we've increased those marketing pretty significantly since we've acquired them.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Richard Smucker: And we won't have marketing spend increase as quickly as we are having these commodity increases. I mean after these things settle down over some period of time and we get a run rate what's the cost and the net sales impact of these commodities then we'll see marketing maybe equilibrate. But we're just trying to keep up pricing with raw ingredients, not let the ingredient cost hurt us as we write this thing up, and so we won't follow that on the commodity business.
Tim Smucker: Yeah, one other thing, Eric this is Tim Smucker. Just keep in mind, our philosophy is long-term, so we stay the course. And continuity and consistency are much important than quarter-to-quarter ups and downs. So we use all the marketing mix, but it's a long-term brand building. I think you've heard us talk before once here upon a year and I think we are striving at it. So it more continuity over a long period of time and quarter-to-quarter, as we look at marketing spend.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Sure and just a follow-up question on peanut butter. Your share of performance was certainly quite impressive, particularly given how aggressive your competitor was in terms of promotional activity in the quarter. As we look to the fourth quarter, if I remember in the year ago period you had a bit of a windfall of, if I remember correctly, $10 million to $15 million in sales from your competitor being out of the market. You also had a bit of a margin benefits from pulling back on merchandizing activity and promotional support as peanut butter was effectively sold out. Would you expect to see a return to, both, I know you said return to normal levels of sale growth for that business, but also in normal level of merchandizing and promotional activity in that business going forward?
Richard Smucker: I think that was well stated.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you very much.
Richard Smucker: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: We'll go next to Jon Anderson of William Blair.
Jon Anderson - William Blair: Good morning.
Richard Smucker: Hi, Jon.
Jon Anderson - William Blair: I was wondering if you could comment a little bit on some of the new products that you touched on briefly in the prepared comments. Specifically, looking at where you are with respect to the rollout of Jif's snack nuts, Crisco Olive Oil and may be comment on the ACV and whether those products are meeting your expectations and where they go from here?
Richard Smucker: I'll comment of Jif snack nuts. It's relatively small test, through sort of North Central United States and it's still very early but we are in process of supporting it with T.V advertising and trade and other consumer marketing. And the early results are encouraging, but it is truly too early to tell at this particular point. But I would guess the ACV is around 10% or something in that neighborhood.
Jon Anderson - William Blair: Okay.
Richard Smucker: Steve?
Steve Oakland: Yeah, when we look at Crisco Olive Oil, we started the testing in Texas and Florida, we've gone through the southern US and then in this fiscal year we're rolling into the mid-west. And results are good. They vary by customer. That is still a more fragmented industry than the most of its size and so we're encouraged by it. We've got new packaging we've got a number of new things coming and we plan to continue to expand it.
Richard Smucker: And then on the Hungry Jack brand, I think well Tim mentioned both the Refrigerated Potatoes and the Frozen Biscuits are also in a small test market to try to make sure we're successful before we rolled those out and that also in a couple of key markets here in the mid-west.
Mark Smucker: And in Canada, this is Mark Smucker, we had two significant efforts against new products, the first was the launch of our Robin Hood frozen muffins in three SKUs and the relaunch of our, what had been reduced sugar to now a no sugar added product in Canada. And early indications are that both are going very well the customer acceptance has been good and the indications on the consumer acceptance seem to be good, so we're pleased with that in Canada as well.
Jon Anderson - William Blair: Great thanks. And in terms of Uncrustables, it sounded like that you have another very strong quarter I think you mentioned up 25% across all channels was there a similar strength across retail versus kind of foodservice or schools channel?
Richard Smucker: Actually retail was a little stronger in the quarter than foodservice I believe, retail was up about mid-30s% 
Mark Belgya: That's right foodservice was up in mid-teens. And in foodservice we're in the process of launching the whole wheat Uncrustables, the retail side has just done that and foodservice will be launched at the end of the month.
Jon Anderson - William Blair: Great and then last one from Mark. The gross margin percent decline in the quarter, and I think you attributed to three things, obviously the raw materials, soy oil and wheat, Eagle milk cost and then mix of sales. Can you elaborate little bit more on the mix sales, how much of that drove margin decline and will that ease going forward?
Mark Belgya: Well, I think it will ease, maybe I'll so its been a little differently. The gross margin decline I would say a little more than half of that was specific Eagle, and of course that's Eagle and then there is also little bit of mix within that. And then probably one-third of it was due to the affect of the cost - increases at the cost of company. So the net of that would be more a mix, but certainly more than half of was specific to Eagle during the quarter.
Jon Anderson - William Blair: Great.
Mark Belgya: And as I mentioned Jon here, we do expect that profitability both at the gross margin level and the operating margin level to improve over the third quarter going into the next quarter.
Jon Anderson - William Blair: Okay. Thank you 
Operator: Gentlemen, I will now turn the conference call back to you to conclude.
Tim Smucker: Thanks a lot for everybody's participation today. I think as Christina had said this morning that these are times that we have a lot of fun during these periods and clearly these are challenging times. But I think it's important to note that we are really extremely proud of our team. This is the time when people really are putting in a tremendous effort as they always do, but particularly in unchartered waters, but we're really extremely proud of our team. I thank them for their great progress that we are able to report today. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this after this live call, you may do so by calling 1-888-203-1112, or 1-719-457-0820, with a pass code of 3196264, or by accessing the website for a downloadable MP3 format. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating and have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2007-11-19 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark R. Belgya - VP, CFO, and Treasurer Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-CEO Richard K. Smucker - President and Co-CEO Vincent C. Byrd - Sr. VP, Consumer Market Steven T. Oakland - VP and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking 
Analysts: Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc Chuck Cerankosky - FTN Midwest Securities 
Operator: Please stand by. We are about to begin. Good morning and welcome ladies and gentlemen to The J. M. Smucker Company’s Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I’d like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the Company, we will open the conference up to questions-and-answers after the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Belgya. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Good morning everyone and welcome to The J. M. Smucker Company’s second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. I’m the Company's Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining us this morning. Also on the call, from the Company are Tim Smucker, Chairman and Co-CEO; Richard Smucker, President and Co-CEO; Vince Byrd, Senior Vice President Consumer market; Steve Oakland, Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking; Mark Smucker, Vice President International; and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, Vice President of our Foodservice and Beverage Markets. After this brief introduction, I will turn the call over to Tim for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter and Richard will provide closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments, we will be available to answer your questions. If you've not seen our press release, it is available on our web site at www.smuckers.com A replay is available on the website in down loadable MP3 format. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today’s call, please feel free to contact me or our new Director of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations, Sonal Robinson. Sonal has been with the Company for 14 years and held several positions in our finance and accounting organization. Our most recent addition was Director, Shareholder Relations. I would like to remind you that certain statements in this presentation and during the question-and-answer period that follows may relate to future events and expectations and as such constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement concerning such forward-looking statements in the press release. I also want to point out that the Company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of the evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Tim.
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mark and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. I would like to begin by summarizing key highlights for the quarter. First, we continued to execute our strategy of owning and marketing leading North American Food brands, acquiring the rights to the Carnation milk business in Canada. This acquisition adds approximately $50 million in annual sales increases our revenue in Canada by 20% and is complimentary to our recent Eagle acquisition in the can milk category. Second, we achieved the highest quarterly sales and earnings results in the Company’s history, at a time, our record high commodity cost. Sales were up 23% for the quarter, with all business areas realizing increases and non-GAAP earnings per share were up 10%. Third, we essentially completed the integration of the Eagle acquisition during the quarter. In the less than six months, we integrated multiple locations and our projections remain on plan. By January, we expect to begin to recognize synergies associated with transitioning the Columbus headquarters. And finally, we entered this year’s fall bake period, with strong multi brand promotional programs both in the U.S. and Canada. This multi faceted marketing event in the U.S. incorporates nearly all of our major brands and focuses on the consumer under the theme of Meals Together, Memories Forever. Let me briefly comment on our business performance. We had a good sales growth in our U.S. retail segment as acquisitions and new and existing products all contributed. Sales of the Smucker’s brand were up as fruit spreads continue to gain market share. We introduced a new advertising campaign in August design to remind consumers that the brand stands for quality you can taste. We also realized another strong quarter from Jif, and Uncrustables continued its impressive growth trend. In the Oils and Baking area, the addition of Eagle brand contributed to a strong quarter with sales up 38%. Pillsbury also realized good sales performance during the quarter. The work we did to fill distribution gaps, improve packaging, and product formulations, along with a strong pipeline of new products has positioned us well for sustained sales growth. Crisco’s volume was down for the same period last year due to competitive activity. However, we have maintained our margin levels for Crisco as the impact of price increases taken over the course of the last 12 months, offset the shortfall in volume. Looking ahead, we expect a strong second half for Crisco. Our special market segment experienced another strong quarter and the overall segment profit continues to improve. Foodservice experienced growth in both the traditional and schools channels and benefited from the addition of Eagle. In Canada, the Thanksgiving holiday is behind us and we are well on the way to another successful for the fall bake. For the quarter, our consumer baking and condiments businesses were up, offsetting planned rationalization. Canada also benefited from the impact of the Eagle and Carnation acquisitions and favorable exchange rates. The addition of the Carnation milk brand with its long history and leading position is an excellent fit with our strong portfolio of brands in the baking aisle. In summary, we delivered a solid quarter and have achieved strong financial results at the halfway point of the year. As we look ahead, we are committed to responsibly managing our business for the long-term. We expect costs to remain high, but as we have done consistently over the last several quarters, we use the combination of pricing actions and prudent cost management to help offset the impact. In addition, our ongoing investments in out plants have resulted in operating efficiencies providing additional benefits to offset rising costs. We will continue to support our brands with marketing spending and investments in new product development. We expect our strategy to continue to generate long-term profitable growth. I would now like to turn the call back to Mark to have him review the financial results with you.
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Thank you, Tim. Sales were up 23% for the quarter, excluding the non-branded Canadian businesses divested in September of 2006. Excluding the impact of Eagle, sales were up nearly 9%. This increase in sales was primarily attributable to price with volume mix, foreign exchange, and smaller acquisitions also contributing. Growth was led by our by our Smucker’s, Jif, Pillsbury and Uncrustables brand, a strong performance in foodservice and a contribution of the acquired Carnation and White Lily businesses. In October, we resumed promotional activity for Jif contributing to its strong quarter. We estimate the incremental sales for the quarter was approximately $5 million to $7 million comparable to last quarter. A competitor out of the marketplace the last six months returned during the second quarter. Although our momentum is strong, we do not expect peanut butter sales to be able to continue to experience the kind of year-over-year increases we have enjoyed now that the competition has returned, or would expect to return to more historical growth levels. GAAP earnings per share were $0.87 this quarter and $0.80 in the second quarter of last year, including restructuring and merger and integration cost detailed in our press release. Excluding these charges in both years, earnings per share were $0.91 this quarter and $0.83 in last year’s quarter, a 10% increase. Operating margin for the quarter excluding charges declined from 12.8% to 12.3%. Gross margin for the period decreased approximately 110 basis points excluding charges, reflecting the impact of higher milk and wheat costs. SG&A costs as a percent of sales, decreased from 19.2% to 18.6% as corporate overhead expenses increased only 3%. Well below the top-line growth rate. It is important to note that we are able to deliver overall lower SG&A for the quarter despite a 23% increase in our marketing costs as compared to the prior year. The increase in marketing expense accounted for a reduction of approximately 30 basis points in the operating margin. We commented in the past that bolt on acquisitions, which we are able to integrate into our corporate infrastructure. Provide an opportunity for margin improvement. We expect to realize future benefits from the Eagle integration as we begin to recognize synergies associated with the transition of the Columbus headquarters. Now turning to segment results. Sales in our U.S. retail segment were $535 million in the second quarter up 7% compared to last year, excluding the addition of Eagle. Sales in the consumer business area were up 10% led by increases in peanut butter, fruit spreads and Uncrustables. Sales of Uncrustables across all channels increased 20% for the quarter. Sales in the oils and baking business were up 3% excluding Eagle as increases in baking mixes and frostings more than offset the decline in the crystal business. In the special market segment, sales were $173 million for the quarter, up 21% excluding the Canadian divestiture. Foodservice was up 19% excluding Eagle with gains in both traditional and schools channels, while sales in our Beverage business were up 8%. Canada sales were up 22%, primarily due to the impact of the acquired Eagle and Carnation businesses and a favorable exchange rate. Our tax rate for the quarter declined from 35.5% to 33.9%. For the full year, we continue to expect a lower rate ranging between 34% and 34.5%. I would now like to turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Smucker - President and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mark and good morning everyone. As Tim mentioned, we had another record quarter with solid sales and earnings growth. It comes down to the execution of our strategy. Our recent acquisition activity as provide the Company with the number of strong complementary brands and reinforces our strategic focus on leading brand. Our recent financial performance has been gratified since we have been operating in such a challenging cost environment. I am sure will hear similar discussion from other food companies that you follow. But what we are seeing is truly unprecedented. Last year, we told you there are costs for fiscal 2007 were up $30 million. For fiscal 2008, we indicated that they would increase an even greater amount than last year. Since then cost have continued to rise and we are currently expected an increasing cost of $150 million over last year. While about one-third of the increase is in milk, which is not included in last year’s numbers, you can understand the magnitude of the cost that we will continue to have to manage. Over the long-term, cost will stabilize, but likely at levels, well above historical averages. In response to the rising level of cost, we continue to implement price increases. For example, we recently announced price increases on peanut butter, toppings, oils, and flower, which will take effect in the third quarter. At the same time, we support our brands as evidence by the significant increase in market spending this quarter compared to last year. With the long-term view that we take, we are willing to do what is right for the brand since we are leaders in most of our categories. In summary, we will continue to implement our strategy. Second, we achieve the highest quarterly sales and earnings result in the Company’s history. Third, we have essentially completed the Eagle integration. And finally, we are off to a good fall bake period. We have spoken at great lengths regarding our cost challenges. However, we remain extremely confident in our brands and the opportunity for growth that they offer. Thank you for you time and we are happy to now answer your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you, gentlemen. The question-and-answer session will begin at this time. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Eric Serotta with Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Good morning, Eric.
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: First of all, the $150 million in input cost inflation this year that you are looking at, seems pretty staggering, particularly in relation to the $30 million increase last year. You mentioned about a third of that is milk. Can you give us some context as to how much of that you expect to be able to cover with pricing productivity, mix improvement and the like?
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Eric, this is Mark, I will start and then some guys can jump in. I guess if you take it from a higher level view, I think our first line of defense if you will is price increases. So, as Richard mentioned we have a number of those going into effect in the third quarter. Again, we have looked at our overhead spending, again indicative of what we performed as a way we can offset some of that as well so that we will be a key driver going into the back half of the year, but price I think is probably the way we recoup the majority of that.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: And do you expect to recoup the majority of that this year?
Richard K. Smucker - President and Co-Chief Executive Officer: We do, as you see the first half of the year we have been able to cover a good portion of those costs but we still have some costs yet to cover. We still have a number of ways to do that including pricing and looking at our costs within the company. But, yes we do expect to cover those.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay and I noticed that you didn’t make any comments in… I didn’t see any in the press release or didn’t hear anything in the call about your longer term topline and bottom line growth targets of 8%, each… I presume that you are maintaining those long term targets. There has been comments as to whether you expect to achieve those this year.
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: This is Jim. Actually we are committed to the long term targets but as you know we don’t give annual guidance and so we are committed to it long term. Just to note that, just received some information recently, we looked at it over the last five years, our sales have grown significantly. Our sales portfolio, are up by about 250%. Our earnings per employee are up about 400% and also our employees based are up 40%. So, clearly that is where we’ve been very efficient. And that’s the time, we’ve had 9 acquisition and 10 divestitures. So, we really are delivering our long term approach and that’s what we are and we really think… we are in this for the long term and committed to long term growth. We don’t think it’s productive to annual guideline.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Great. And just one housekeeping item. I was a little bit surprised about the year-on-year gross margin decline considering the substantial benefit that you had in the quarter from the divestiture of the Canadian business. Can you give us a little bit of a bridge on gross margin year-over-year to what some of the factors were? How much costs, offset by improved manufacturing efficiencies, offset by the Canadian divestiture, all sort of bridge the gap between last year and this year?
Richard K. Smucker - President and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Well I will bridge some of it. I don’t think I’m going to find that level of detail but I think one thing and I don’t believe we didn’t comment on the release, but to keep in mind, the divestiture the Canadian business did have a significant impact on our last couple of quarters, but we actually lapped that during the quarter. So, we only got about 6 weeks of benefits from that. That was actually divested in September ’06. So, that wasn’t quite the same effect that we are seeing in the two prior quarters. I think, probably the other key thing is just some of the cost increases have really driven the majority of that decline.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. Good luck.
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Thank you.
Richard K. Smucker - President and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Hi. Good morning Christina.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: First, just a housekeeping item. Mark, what was sales growth excluding acquisitions and divestiture and foreign exchange, basically your core sales growth?
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer:
6%:
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: 6% okay. And then I guess given this amount for none of cost inflation. It definitely seems like there is a lot of pressure continued to grow the top line and I’m curious what you are seeing in terms of pricing and consumer response to pricing with the economy slowing. If you are seeing any sort of trade down to private label or any kind of demand destruction and it seems like we may have seen at a little bit in Crisco given sales were down with the… despite all the pricing taken on, I am assuming volumes really helped pretty significantly?
Vincent C. Byrd - Senior Vice President, Consumer Market: Hi Christina, this is Vince. I would say that as we said in the first quarter, typically when we take a price increase, for example, and we lead with whether it would be fruit spreads or peanut butter, there is typically a volume implication in the first few months. But it sometime within the three to six month either competition follows and then closed at that gap back. It’s not as far to get price increases through as it once was, obviously, because all companies are experiencing price inflation. But it has affected some volume, but that does typically come back over time. Now, I will let Steve talk to his business.
Steven T. Oakland - Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking: Sure. Hi, Christina, Steve Oakland. The two businesses most impacted by this was a flower business and the Crisco business. And those businesses are very promotionally sensitive and very elastic. So, it’s very easy if you are not careful to led the topline run your coverage out, and we did not allowed that to happen. And Crisco took it in the topline, didn’t take in the bottom line. It’s unprecedented for us to have a price increase during fall bake and we have one of those December 3 this year on both business. So, we past on some volume early in Crisco. I think we’ve got a price variety for the right amount of volume and the right margins, and our Thanksgiving business looks really solid, but you are going to see some bumpy topline as we managed through as the leader in that business we leave with price, you are going to see some bumpy topline through this.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Steve, how come it gets better in the second half.
Steven T. Oakland - Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking: I just think as we look the competitive set appears to be changing. I mean, these are costs just we are experiencing. I mean, we chose not chase the topline maybe some other folks did, and so, it appears that there is more opportunity for us at our new pricing as we go forward.
Richard Smucker - President and Co-Chief Executive Officer: We are also… this is Richard. We are also seeing now that private label usually lags. We are now seeing private label in several categories starting to catch up in terms of taking price increases, and we think that will bode well for us and lower the gap in the future.
Steven T. Oakland - Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking: And they are substantial, the changes in a quite a little flower and oil or substantial.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then in terms $150 million cost headwind, does that the year-over-year comparisons with that get worse as the year progresses? Or is it pretty much what we saw this quarter. What you absorbed this quarter is what the magnitude we will see the next few quarter?
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: I think it for the most part, it obviously various little bit business-by-business in the broad scheme. It is pretty even between first and second half of the year.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then in terms of marketing the same way, was this an extraordinary bump and then we won't see as much of bump in next two quarters, or is it going to be sustained at these levels?
Richard K. Smucker - President and Co-Chief Executive Officer: We want to sustain it as much as we can. So, we really look at the long-term.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then your last question, Tim in your comments you talked about short-term volatility. Why do you think it’s short-term? It seems like there is number of structural changes that are keeping this commodity prices high for more than the short-term?
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Christina, I think maybe there was a misunderstanding. I think, Richard commented that we expect that cost would stabilize over time, but they probably will settle in, up higher than the historical average.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: What was your question?
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: It was in the press release. Tim, called it in the press release. He said commodity cost pressures remain. We anticipate further price increases as we navigate the short term volatility?
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Well I think that we do think that as we said here that we have hopefully seen the peak year and everybody is experiencing the same thing. So, but short-term, we were taking response to short-term and we think that it will be followed by our competitors.
Richard K. Smucker - President and Co-Chief Executive Officer: And Christina let me go back to the marketing comment, just so we are clear as I think we said in the script. We do look at all our options to help cover our cost and so we will be looking at some of the marketing budgets for example in the back half for the year, but no decisions have been made at this point.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you very much.
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: You’re welcome.
Operator: We will go next to Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc: Hi. Good morning.
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Hi Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc: How is pressure in the heart of fall bake now? Kind of what are the trends you are seeing and how are competitors pricing there product particularly in the cake mix compared to your levels?
Steven T. Oakland - Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking: Hi Farha, Steve, I think frankly cake mix is a little more optimistic than normal. Usually that business is pretty… it is competitive as always, but we don’t see an increase in activity there and I think everyone is facing the same cost challenges, but really the cost challenges are in wheat and then soybean oil and then a cake mix is really sugar, coco colligate overhead flour and really does impact that category like it does back flour or like vegetable oil. So, I will say these categories are more normal statements.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc: And then would you share with us how competitors are reacting. Are you following pricing of competitors in flour or are you leading at and what level of pricing are you taking?
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: We have led, I don’t know, we’ve done it from a number two position in flour and they have just been low double-digits.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc: And do you anticipate competitors to flour or how longer for that?
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: We do. And there is a lot of trade spend in these categories. In fact for the first time in the weeks of trade out of the cake mix business in the back half of the year. So, list price is misleading, we are seeing promotional retails up dramatically over last year both in cake mix and flour. So, that tells us that it is a combination of trade spend and price, but it’s really what net realize price that manufacturing gets. So, we are seeing those price points going up.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc: And when you look at oils. You discussed that you had some coverage going through this fall bake period. But beyond that you hadn’t commented on your coverage versus your pricing. Kind of what type of pricing are you taking in oils and will that be adequate to offset the current inflation in oils, that you're seeing?
Steven T. Oakland - Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking: Yes. I think it will over time. We are… our coverage matches our pricing that we've got out there and we have a price increase December 3, in Crisco and we do see that, that business has been competitively priced very low early this fall day. We were kind of surprised by that, we stayed out of that. It will probably cost us some top-line early and that’s obvious in the IRI numbers. But, from what we see price point competitive wise for the back half were encouraged by the back half for Crisco.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc: Okay. And my final question is; when you look into the back half and look at your commodity costs, that $150 million, is that just base off the future curve or kind of where you would expect your realized costs?
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: It’s our expense realized costs?
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc: It’s our expected realized costs?
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: The future curve would be much worse than that.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We’ll go next to Chuck Cerankosky with FTN Securities.
Chuck Cerankosky - FTN Midwest Securities: Good morning everyone.
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Chuck.
Chuck Cerankosky - FTN Midwest Securities: Get back to price increases. I want to ask about it from a different perspective. Are you looking at the different product lines of in very different ways. So it sounds to me like on the Crisco side you were willing to protect margin and give up a little share of the Private Label. But are you having to think about some of the other branded products differently?
Vincent C. Byrd - Senior Vice President, Consumer Market: This is Vince. I guess we look at each product what on makes it stand on their own if you will and it was a leader or the number too typically we’ll look at leading those pricing actions. Sometimes competition will go ahead of us but, and as Richard said we are out there with other increases this month or next month.
Chuck Cerankosky - FTN Midwest Securities: Is that a correct view on Crisco that you were willing to give up a little bit of market share to maintain margin, because you are the leader.
Vincent C. Byrd - Senior Vice President, Consumer Market: Yes. That’s clear, and I think we look at this on a longer term basis and we have a commitment to the company for both top-line and bottom-line and we're going to balance those two things.
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: But I think that as I think will be said before. This is Tim. We look at share as the long-term prospect. So, when you say we give up share, our goal is to grow the share, so we don’t look at share bumps, short term as significant. We are looking at it for the long term business.
Richard K. Smucker - President and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Chuck, this is Richard. I think you are right in the sense that every brand and every product category is a little different. Obviously, oil is a very price driven, very volatile, very promotable area where maybe fruit spreads and peanut butter would be less, so we do reflect a little different.
Chuck Cerankosky - FTN Midwest Securities: How would you characterize the retailers receptivity to price increases as they think about their customers and also their willingness to promote their own private brands?
Richard K. Smucker - President and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think that as I said earlier, certainly they don’t like price increases and there are push backs from time to time, but we are not unique. Every food company is taking pricing to the trade and to some degree they will understand. They will also try to manage those private label gaps and sometimes you tend to lag in terms of their pricing actions but their costs are going up just as ours are.
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: I think it’s interesting. I think both of our customers and us look at the consumer and nobody likes to increase price to the consumer but we work with… our brands I think as we have always known, we said is very compatible with private label and I think that as a leader we got the responsibility to help the category and helping the category sometimes is increasing prices.
Chuck Cerankosky - FTN Midwest Securities: Thank you.
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: Having no further questions I would like to turn the conference over to management for any additional or closing comments.
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you very much. We appreciate new listing and we look forward to another good six months.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call you may do so by dialing 188-203-1112 or 1719-457-0820 with a passcode of 8703498 or by accessing the website for a downloadable MP3 format. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you all for participating. And have a nice day. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-08-17 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Mark R. Belgya - VP, CFO, and Treasurer   Richard K. Smucker - President and Co-CEO   Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-CEO   Steven Oakland - VP and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking   Vincent C. Byrd - Sr. VP - Consumer Market   Paul S. Wagstaff - VP - Foodservice and Beverage Markets 
Analysts: Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities   Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.   Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, L.L.C.   Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company 
Operator: Good morning and welcome ladies and gentlemen to the J.M. Smucker Company's First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to inform you that this conference is being recorded and that all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the request of the company, we will open the conference up for questions and answers after the presentation. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Belgya. Please go ahead, sir. 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Good morning everyone and welcome to the J.M. Smucker Company's first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. I am the company's Chief Financial Officer and thank you for joining us this morning.  Also on the call from the company are Tim Smucker, Chairman and Co-CEO; Richard Smucker, President and Co-CEO; Vince Byrd, Senior Vice President-Consumer Market; Steve Oakland, Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking; Mark Smucker, Vice President-International and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, Vice President-Foodservice and Beverage Markets.  After this brief introduction, I will turn the call over to Richard for opening comments. I will then review the financial results for the quarter, and Tim will provide closing remarks. At the conclusion of these comments, we will be available to answer your question.  If you have not seen your press release, it is available on our website at smuckers.com. A replay is available on the website in downloadable MP3 format. If you have any follow-up questions or comments after today's call, please feel free to contact me.  I would like to remind you that certain statements in this presentation and during the question-and-answer period that follows may relate to future events and expectations and as such constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Legislation Reform Act of 1995. I invite you to read the full disclosure statement concerning such forward-looking statements in the press release.  I also want to point out that the company uses non-GAAP results for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. Additional discussion on non-GAAP information is also detailed in our press release.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Richard. 
Richard K. Smucker - President and Co-Chief Executive Officer: : Good morning and thank you for joining us this morning. I would like to begin by summarizing key highlights for the quarter. First, we delivered record financial results for the first quarter. Sales were up across all business areas led by our Jif, Crisco, Pillsbury and Uncrustable businesses. The acquisition of Eagle, which closed at the beginning of the quarter, added $43.5 million to sales and non-GAAP earnings per share were up 22%.  Second, we increased our operating margin, despite a cost environment that remained extremely challenging. Margin improvements were led by the divestiture of our low margin, non-branded Canadian businesses, pricing actions that offset a portion of higher raw material cost and improved Uncrustable profitability.  And finally, we continue to emphasize product development and are excited about the new products available for our seasonally strong second and third quarters, building on our good momentum.  We have solid results in our U.S. Retail segment and another good quarter from Jif, as we continue to benefit from the temporary supply interruption. Uncrustables again experienced good growth as consumer demand remained strong, despite price increases that were in effect for the full quarter.  Sales of the Smuckers brand were flat this quarter compared to a particularly strong quarter last year, when sales of fruit spreads were up 11%. Crisco realized strong sales growth in the quarter, despite the decline in value. Cost of soybean oil has reached 50 year high levels, based on commodity futures. We expect significant price volatility in this category to continue.  Pillsbury experienced sales growth and share gains in the quarter. We were particularly pleased that we regained the number two position in the high margin frosting category. A steady stream of new products and our efforts over the past several years to fill distribution gaps have provided good growth opportunities. In addition, our ever expanding presence in the baking aisle provides many opportunities for cost promotions and marketing.  On May 1st, we closed the acquisition of Eagle and included their results in our financials for the quarter. The integration of the business is on plan and we expect to have the integration complete by the end of the calendar year. We achieved a key integration milestone earlier this month, allowing Eagle products to be ordered to shipped and invoiced alongside other Smucker products. Milk prices continue to rise and although we announced the price increase effective in July, we are evaluating additional price and pricing action.  Looking ahead, the addition of Eagle brand to our Crisco, Pillsbury and Martha White brands in the baking aisle provides new opportunities for growth. Our special market segments also contributed to sales growth. Foodservice experienced growth in both the traditional and schools channels. Beverage had a strong quarter, particularly in our branded business led by the R.W. Knudsen Family and the Santa Cruz Organic brands.  In Canada, our consumer baking and condiments businesses experienced strong growth in the quarter, more than offsetting planned rationalizations. Canada also benefited from the impact of favorable exchange rates. With the divestiture of the non-branded Canadian businesses, we are fully focused on our branded portfolio. We have exciting new products and are supporting our brands with several marketing initiatives; including new digital media, strong in-store activity and advertising. We have many opportunities to grow our brands and look forward to continuing to execute on our strategies.  In summary, we delivered a solid quarter and a good momentum to the start of the year. As we look ahead, we are committed to responsibly managing our business for the long-term. We continue to support our products with marketing spending and investments and investments in new product development and expect our strategy to generate long-term profitable growth.  I'd now like to turn the call back to Mark to have him review the financial results with you. 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Thank you, Richard. Sales were up 17% for the quarter, excluding the non-branded Canadian businesses which were divested last September. Excluding the $43 million added by the Eagle acquisition, sales were up 8% with pricing gains contributing to the increase. Growth was led by our Jif, Crisco, Pillsbury and Uncrustable brands, our strong performance in Foodservice and Beverage and a contribution of the acquired White Lily brand.  Peanut butter again had a strong quarter as a temporary interruption of supply in the market continued. We estimate that this contributed approximately $5 million to $7 million to sales in the quarter.  GAAP earnings per share were $0.71 this quarter, and $0.50 in the first quarter of last year, including restructuring and merger and integration cost. Last year's first quarter included pre-tax charges of $7.1 million associated with the divested Canadian businesses. Excluding charges in both years, earnings per share were $0.72 this quarter and $0.59 in last year's quarter, a 22% increase.  Operating margin for the quarter excluding charges improved 150 basis points from 10.8% to 12.3%. The margin improvement over last year was primarily due to the divestiture of the lower margin non-branded Canadian business, a favorable product mix, improved Uncrustables' profitability and the effect of price increases.  SG&A cost as a percent of sales were up slightly, as marking and selling expenses increased at a higher rate than sales. Sales in our U.S. Retail segment were $418 million in the first quarter, up 8% compared to last year, excluding the addition of Eagle. Sales in our consumer business area were up 6%, led by increases in peanut butter and Uncrustables. Sales in the oils and baking business were up 10% excluding Eagle, led by oil, baking mixes and frostings and the contribution of White Lily.  Sales of Uncrustables across all channels increased 31% for the quarter ahead of our expectations. The overall Uncrustables venture was again profitable in the first quarter as a result of continued progress at our Scottsville facility, volume growth and the impact of price increases.  In the Special Market segment, sales were $143 million for the quarter, up 14% excluding the Canadian divestiture. Foodservice was up 21% excluding Eagle with gains in both the traditional and school channels. Sales in beverage were up 11% and sales in Canada were up 6%, primarily from the impact of favorable exchange rates.  Now let me conclude my remarks with comments addressing items below operating income. Interest expense was higher by $4 million resulting from the issuance of $400 million in senior notes. A portion of these proceeds of the notes were used to repay the short-term debt used to finance the Eagle acquisition. The investment of excess proceeds which will be used to finance other strategic and long-term business initiative resulted in an increase in interest income of $1.5 million.  In June, we divested our industrial ingredients business in Scotland. The sale generated a pre-tax gain of $1.9 million and an after tax gain of $500,000. The effective tax rate for the quarter increased to 36.1%, primarily due to the taxes associated with the divestiture of the Scotland operation and a repatriation of foreign earnings related to that operation. However, we do expect a tax rate for the full year of approximately 34.5%.  During the quarter, no additional shares were repurchased. There are approximately 1.7 million shares remaining available under the Board's authorization. We will continue to evaluate future actions against the authorization as appropriate. I would now like to turn the call over to Tim. 
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mark and good morning everyone. We had another record quarter with solid sales growth and once again, despite significant cost increases, we were able to leverage our sales gains into even greater earnings growth. It all comes down to the execution of our strategy. We continue to evaluate our portfolio focusing on leading brands and generating growth through acquisitions, new products and increasing our brand's share of market.  Looking at the acquisition component of our strategy, we generated sales growth with the addition of another number one brand in the baking aisle with Eagle brand. As we integrate their operations, we expect Eagle to also generate good earnings growth.  Also this quarter, we completed an enabling acquisition with the purchase of the Snack 'n Waffles brand. Snack 'n Waffles are ready to eat frozen waffle products that do not require any syrup as the flavor is already baked into the waffle. Currently, they are served primarily in schools where they will complement our Uncrustables business and allow us to participate in the growing school breakfast program. We look forward to exploring opportunities in the grocery channel as well.  Turning to the new products dimension of our growth strategy, we continue to develop offerings that are guided by our strategic architecture, meeting consumers' needs by offering product choices that either are good and good for you, make you smile or are easy for you. We have exceeded our goals for new product introduction and this steady stream of new products will help fuel growth over both the short and long-term.  Looking at some examples of new products, we have extended our core consumer brands into two new categories in the grocery store and are very excited about their prospects. These products will be introduced in regional test markets.  Given our leadership in peanut butter and peanut sourcing, the introduction of Jif snack nuts is the natural extension of the Jif brand. Three varieties are available; dry roasted peanuts, cashews and mixed nuts. Also in test markets this year will be Hungry Jack Frozen biscuits in two varieties are available in resealable packages meeting the needs of today's consumer. Our new Pillsbury Reduced Sugar Cake mixes and frostings have been well received. We will be expanding those offerings with additional varieties. We also have new brownie and cake offerings available and new varieties of our Martha White wholegrain muffins.  In support of these new products and our strong portfolio of brands, we have a lot of exciting marketing events planned for fall bake, many of which will be multi-brand. In addition, we are launching a new Smuckers advertising campaign designed to remind consumers that the brand stands for quality that you can taste.  Like many, if not all food companies, we are still operating in a difficult cost environment. Last fiscal year, we experienced significant raw material cost increases only to have them go up even higher this year. Since our year end call in June, costs have increased even further. Of particular note are increases for milk, soybean, soybean oil, wheat and peanuts. In response, we continue to consider price actions and other cost reduction opportunities. However, while we deal with the near-term cost impacts, we remain committed to our strategy to profitably grow our brands in the long-term.  In summary then, we continue to implement our strategy. Second, we achieved good... record sales growth in the quarter. Third, with improved operating margins, we delivered even stronger earnings growth. And finally, we have developed a strong new product pipeline and thus our actions continue to support growth and share gains in core brands. And so we are starting the year with great momentum and look forward to a successful year. We thank you for your time today and now we are happy to answer any of your questions. 
Operator: Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: Good morning. 
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: Just one housekeeping item first, Mike when you talk about the $0.72 in the quarter that includes about a $0.01 gain, right on the sale of the Scottish business? 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Its $500,000 so it will have less than $0.01. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. I guess first thing, Eagle Foods exceeded my expectations and I am wondering if you've seen growth in that business or maybe it was just a allocation among the quarter. And I guess you took a price increase, I am curious if distribution has grown on it and what kind of growth prospects have already occurred? 
Steven Oakland - Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking: Hi Christina, its Steve. Yes, we took pricing, but we took pricing given the trade and given the fact that we closed May 1st. Really the impact of pricing was only in the final month of the quarter. I think they had a good month. They had a good month in their branded and their non-branded business and price obviously had something to do with it. But not a lot given the mechanics and the lead times you have to give the trade when you take price in a brand like that. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: So, it fanned about $200 million in sales, I mean what would you expect it to grow this year on top line? 
Steven Oakland - Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking: Well, I think pricing is going to impact that dramatically. Milk... the average milk price over the last five years was maybe $11 or $11.50. Milk is trading at $22 a hundredweight right now. So we have reflected pretty significant pricing in that. I mean our private label business went up about 30% and the rest of that business went up double-digits. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then last year advertising was down, I believe about 9%. And it's down from what you are saying with the other new products that it will be up this year and I wanted to confirm that. And also I wanted to just understand the pattern, if it's going to be skewed toward any particular quarter and how that relates to last year? 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Christina, this is Mark. I think that without being specific to just advertising, as we said marketing and selling was up for this quarter. And the marketing and the advertising follow towards the business through the year. So during the second, third quarter in the fall bake primarily, is when you are going to see the largest percentage. But I wouldn't say it is necessarily skewed. I think you will see it follow similar format. But it's definitely up over the last year I guess the bottom line. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then it looks like the benefit that just kind of garnered from the Peter Pan recall has moderated that ConAgra is now back in the market. So was that just due to capacity constraints and how should we think about that going forward with Peter Pan reentering this month? 
Vincent C. Byrd - Senior Vice President - Consumer Market: Hi Christina, this in Vince. Basically yes, we shipped every thing that we did produce during the quarter. In terms of what's coming down the pipe, as you are probably aware there's number of public statements by ConAgra coming back to the marketplace. And there are some very significant trading consumer promotions that will be got into place. But I think the bottom line is that is it will be up to the consumer to decide as to how much of that share of market will be gained or lost in the coming period. But clearly there will be some activities in the next two or three quarters. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay and then last question. Mark, the year end account receivables level was very low relative to history. And I am wondering if that had to do with the divestiture of the Canadian foodservice and industrial business or if it was some sort of one-time item of the period? 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: That would had something to do... I would say that if you look at our year end balance, which if I remember right was around $125 million or so. I think if you will look to 10, may be 10% increase that was probably a normalized run rate for year end balance, especially in the new business and price increase and so forth. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: So your days receivable will still be lower relative to history? 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Yes. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: We will go next to Eric Serotta with Merrill Lynch. 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Well, Eric. 
Operator: Mr. Serotta your line is open, please go ahead sir. We'll move to the next question with Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Hi good morning. 
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: With the kind of the low prices, do you anticipate the Eagle Family Foods acquisition to... I believe that was supposed to be neutral for fiscal '08. Is that still estimated to be on plan? 
Steven Oakland - Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking: Hi Farha, its Steve. We think so, obviously we saw this, we couldn't take action until we actually own the business. A little bit of our inventory evaluation at the beginning of the year because of just the GAAP rules on how you handle those things while the transition hit it. So we started the business a little higher valued inventory maybe than you'd normally in a run rate, but we still feel like we got the right pricing in and we may have to take some more pricing, but our goal would be to meet that plan for the milk business for sure. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And could you just talk a little bit more about pricing overall in your business in the quarter. Could you break down sales overall for the entire company in terms of pricing, volume and mix that you achieved in the quarter? 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Hi, this is Mark. We'll broad brush that for you, I would say that if you would strip out the Eagle acquisition, we will have 8% as a company top line. More than half of that would be price-related and then there was a little bit of mix behind that and then we had a little bit of favourable exchange rate. But the majority or at least in excess of 50% was primarily the pricing effect. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And so... and volume would be pretty much flat or was fine? 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Volume was probably up somewhere 1% to 2% roughly. That kind of breaks down 4% to 5% pricing, 1% to 2% volumes, 1% mix and something less than 1% for foreign exchange. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Right. And could you just remind us what caused fruit spreads to be so strong in your... in the last year's quarter. Was it the sugar free introduction? 
Richard K. Smucker - President and Co-Chief Executive Officer: It was a number of things. There were number new product introductions and there was some promotional timing, but it was just a very, very strong quarter last year and but so if you strip... if you look over the two-year period, we are actually still up. That is up. We are obviously; with price increase we took this year in May that will be... we knew that that will affect the volume. But we do anticipate some of that coming back in the second quarter. 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: I think also it was the first time we ever had advertising to both brands that certainly hard to measure advertising, but I think that's going to have an impact. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And so going forward for this second half of the year you would expect volume and sales to be up in your fruit business? 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: We sure hope so. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And then... just following on some of Christina's question, are you seeing them get back their full shelf space or have you been able to... have you had to give up any shelf space to them going in to the back-to-school season? 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: We have not again I think it's public information that there are coming out with the limited numbers of Skews. We are now getting in to production of some of Skews that we had put on hold so that we can produce as much as the higher volume items but we are not using any shelf space at this point. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And you have been able to kind of pull back on some of the promotional support that you have been giving that brand over the last few months, I don't expect you to give competitive information, but kind of how are you approaching the return of this competitor back into the market? 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Well without getting into specifics, it is true that we did pull some of the trade support, we've actually increased the consumer support to support the brand those been the first and the second quarters. But very honestly, we are not going to deal the brand down to the levels that are in the marketplace because we don't think that's good for the category. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And in terms of this kind of economic downturn, do you expect consumers to react to a low price point or do you... how do you anticipate them to focus on the brand versus the price point? 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Well again, it's difficult to say that it will ultimately be up to the consumer, in some cases in history consumers have short memories, in other cases they don't. And so time will only tell how much of that total shares that they'll be able to regain. 
Steven Oakland - Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking: But I think we will also just over the long-term, brand building we had with that brand isn't just the advertising, it's the time in time out the quality of that product receives. And I think we also had perhaps in long term that consumers really recognize the difference and there is a significant product difference we think. And we trust them... have over the years trusted consumers make those decisions wisely. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And near term... so near term you might see some fluctuations in terms of volume and some switching, but longer term you remain confident about the Jif brand and its that built into your model as you go forward? 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Definitely. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And then when you look at your oil business, you guys commented a bit on the volatility in the market for soybean oil. Historically, you've been you had your soybean oil kind of early for the fall bake. So are you pretty secure with your pricing and margins for the fall bake and it's more a Easter timing issue that we need to be concerned with? 
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Hi Farha. Yes, obviously we start shipping fall bake as early as September to some customers so that product has to be on the pipeline to meet those demands. But we've seen 50 year highs on soybean oil, it was limit down yesterday. So you've just got tremendous volatility, managing that will be the key to the price points and I think the volume. We have taken three price increases on Crisco in 12 months. And that's not good for categories, just the mechanics of that going through there. So we would hope to see that settle down over the next year or so. But it's just been a difficult environment and we've been very transparent. We think we protected our margins and the category's margin over time and as per our volume at the top line, but we think that's the right strategy long-term. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: So that touched your volume already or go top... volume going into fall bake? 
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Well no, I just think overtime and those price increases, there's no question we tend to lean on those. If your competitors follow after some period in that interim, it affects your volume. So I think that's been historically what's happening. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And the three price increases I'm sorry it over what part time period? 
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Over the last 12 months. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: 12 months, and what is the total increase of those times? 
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: You know those are buy item and those are compounded, but they've been in the 5% or 6% range each. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Okay that's helpful. And then my final question, I'll pass it on. Is your foodservice business was exceptionally strong in this quarter? Is it driven by higher volumes in Uncrustables? Could you just share with us what caused the strength? 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: Sure. Hi Farha, this is Paul Wagstaff. And we did have a very strong quarter; half of that growth was driven by the acquisition of Eagle and White Lily, which contributed nicely to our quarter sales growth. The other portion of it was Uncrustables, which was also up nicely for foodservice about 25%. And then finally in our core business, we did have strong peanut butter PC portion control sales and that also contributed nicely. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: We will go next to Ann Gurkin with Davenport. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, L.L.C.: Good morning. 
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi Ann. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, L.L.C.: If I can just circle back to your comments regarding pricing, I apologize if I missed. What categories you are targeting to perhaps raise prices in? 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: I think, Ann its Mark, I think that the comments were pretty much with the... raw material increases we are seeing across in the company, so I think in every area we are looking, we spoke specifically to milk, to oil, to peanuts and to wheat so that and also in the beverage area. So I would expect that all the general managers will be looking at pricing. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, L.L.C.: And if the potential price increases in the range of what you have taken over the past, say 12 months, the magnitude of the price increase? 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Yes. We actually just don't know. It really depends upon each individual commodity. I would hope it wouldn't be this larger percentage. But we don't know that yet. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, L.L.C.: Okay. And regarding fall bake, are we going to see, I guess bundling of brand or promotions, are you going to run that kind of strategy again? 
Steven Oakland - Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking: Certainly. We have found that there is a lot of leverage, especially with just the mechanics of the promotion for the retailer and we've had nice smaller brand a couple of years in a row. Eagle brand, we think we can actually fit into some of that this year even though we are just closed. So, that's been very effective and very efficient for both us in the trade. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, L.L.C.: That's great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will go next to Jon Andersen with William Blair. 
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company: Good morning and congratulations on a nice quarter. 
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you, Jon. 
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company: I had alittle clarification on the gross margin improvement in the quarter. Is there a way you can help us understand the relative contribution of the divestitures with the Canadian non-branded businesses versus mix versus Uncrustables relative to that overall gross margin improvement in the quarter? 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: John this Mark. Consistent with what I think you have seen in the last two quarters, the majority of gross profit improvement does come from the divestiture. I think, as we have talked in the past, that business was basically a cost plus. So the margins, the gross margin were particularly low and down. So I would say that by and large was the majority. I would say the Uncrustables profitability probably also contributed towards second inline. And then the mix is a little more difficult, but I would probably take that third in terms of order. 
Steven Oakland - Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking: I think we could also say though that we have... Eagle added a lot of sales in the quarter, but because we didn't have the pricing impact until the last month, Eagle added very little bit, very little to the bottom line in the first quarter and if it would add what we would normally expect, our margins would have been even higher. 
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Well there is a lot of duplicate overhead on the Eagle businesses with transition. I think we've said it will be modestly accretive, but that probably won't happen until much later in the year. 
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company: Fair enough. And then kind of follow-up question on that, with respect to the kind of operational integration of Eagle, can you just give us an update on where that is and we are still in track for I think it had been previously communicated about $9million of pre-tax cost savings by fiscal 2009? 
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Actually our team is on or ahead of plan on that. We've a great job so far. The... one of the key synergies for our customer was to get in on one invoice and that happened 8/1. We would hope that the rest of administrative changes happen by the end of this calendar year. So we are on track for both system and customer base. 
Jon Andersen - William Blair & Company: Great. Congratulations and keep up the good work. 
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you. 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Thanks you very much. 
Operator: And we go to Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank as a follow up. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you for taking the follow up. I forgot to say thank you for the proper segment data, the profitability data. That was very helpful. I guess... I wanted to know when the capacity will be up and running, the new capacity or the expansion for peanut butter? Are we... are you almost done with that expansion? 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Work is in process. It's a long term process we are looking at some very short term actions which are in place as we speak and then there is some longer term activities that will take several months to put into place. So it is allocated across the board. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: Sowhat do you consider yourself, feel capacity constrained or is that eased up? 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: No we are still capacity constrained. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then in terms of Uncrustables, are we at a good run rate now or should we expect profitability to continue to increase, or are there new product launches planned where we will see profitability come back a bit? 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: Hi Christina this is Paul. From an Uncrustables operations standpoint, we are in very good shape. I would think we could see some modest increase of the overall effectiveness of the facility. We are looking at new product launches which could impact our overall margins on that business. Again overall, the demand remains very strong for the business. 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: I guess I would say that on the core business, the core peanut butter and jelly, we will expect that those margins to continue to improve. But as we've said that is clearly a platform for us in future growth and as Paul indicated, that will be... it will be driven by the new product launches and with marketing support behind it. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: Can you please remind me when it turned profitable last year? 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: Fourth quarter. 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Fourth quarter. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: And we'll take another follow up from Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Hi thanks for taking the follow up. Continuing on Uncrustables, could you tell us what your growth rate for Uncrustables is anticipated to be in fiscal 08' total? 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: Hey Farha, Paul here. Our growth rate is going to be on the high teens and that should continue for the remainder of the year. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And that includes both foodservice and retail? 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: That is correct. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And that is in volume or sales? 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: That is in sales. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: That's in sales. And you now have three varieties of Uncrustables out? 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: We actually have more than that. We have peanut butter and jelly; we have peanut butter only and grilled cheese -- 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Allright, those are the -- 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: Peanut butter and honey. 
Steven Oakland - Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking: But those two are only running in test markets and they are being expanded and we are looking at additional varieties potentially by the end of the fiscal year. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Okay, so the two initial ones were... are in national ACV now? 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: Oh yes, definitely, the strawberry and the grain. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Yes and then the grilled cheese and the peanut butter and honey are, in what ACV are they? 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: They are very modest. They are probably around 25% or something in that neighbourhood. 
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Well the grilled cheese, grilled cheese is what that is roughly. 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: It is actually under 50% 
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Then the other two which is plain peanut butter and peanut butter and honey -- 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: They are on sale in the VPS and those would be in about the 25% range. 
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: The last two in 25% range. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And then when you look at... how pleased are you with those tests? 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: We are very pleased with them. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: So you would be looking to expand the ACV of those? 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: Yes we would. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And then in addition you are going to add new varieties that you would be putting into test market later this year? 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: We hope to. Again, its going to be determined... we are really sorting up the capacity based upon the pricing actions that we took earlier this year. So it will determine then and the continued improvement in Scottsville. But yes, we are looking at some another new varieties there to keep the pipeline full. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And when you look at your capacity utilization at Scottsville, where is it now? 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: We are actually in good shape we have plenty of capacity for the next few years. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Okay, but in terms of where you want it to be in terms of operations of that plant, are you operating where you like it to be now because it's been sort of two years since that plant is open now? 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: We are operating very close to where we want to be. And again, we are making improvement so we are confident that we will get there. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And then longer term you would anticipate that this product to have margins equal to or had your U.S Retail business? 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: Now the original objective was to be right around corporate average. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Corporate average. And where would you think longer term you'd get there? 
Paul S. Wagstaff - Vice President - Foodservice and Beverage Markets: Well I guess it's going to be somewhat dependent upon the amount of new products, it's always in that pipeline. But we are very close to getting that already on the peanut butter and jelly component. So you know those can get to those margins and then the future possibilities that we will be determined based on the amount of your product introductions and the support. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: And would you be willing to share with us kind of in terms of the sale, how much peanut butter and the core kind of peanut butter and jelly business is of the total portfolio of Uncrustables? 
Mark R. Belgya - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Farha, this is Mark. We would not... we are not going to get into really any category level detail, we would like to see Uncrustables just like our other categories sort of in the aggregate. 
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.: Okay great, thank you very much. 
Operator: At this time there are no further questions, I'd like to turn the call back over to Tim Smucker for any additional and closing comments. 
Timothy P. Smucker - Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you very much for your interest and we really appreciate your support and I just want to take the opportunity to thank the team. Clearly, the team is about we feel is an outstanding team and we obviously thank our consumers for their continuous support. Have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to access the rebroadcast after this live call, you may do so by dialing 1(888) 203-1112 or area code 719-457-0820 with the passcode of 4871503 or by accessing the website for downloadable MP3 format. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and have a good day. All parties may now disconnect.
